THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

1971

with

Lists of the Public General Acts and Local Acts and a Table of the Effect of Legislation and an Index

[IN THREE PARTS]

PART III

LONDON

HER MAJESTY’S STATIONERY OFFICE

1972

£15.50 net (for three parts)

Printed by C. H. Baylis, c.b.

Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

SBN 11 840091 6*

c

The Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures which received the Royal Assent in 1971 in which year ended the Nineteenth and began the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Second and ended the First Session and began the Second Session of the Forty-Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

e

CONTENTS

PART I

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... g

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... k

Table III: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1971 ... m

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... o

The Public General Acts of 1971, cc. 1-49 ... 1

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... clxix

PART II

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... g

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... k

Table III: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1971 ... m

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... o

The Public General Acts of 1971, cc. 50-77 ... 887

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... clxix

PART III

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... g

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1971 ... k

Table III: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1971 ... m

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... o

The Public General Acts of 1971, cc. 78-81 ... 1719

The Church Assembly Measures of 1971, No. 1 ... 2109

Table V: Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1971 ... i

Table VI: Effect of Legislation ... xliii

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1971 ... clxix

g

TABLE I

Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1971

Part Page

Administration of Estates Act (c. 25) - I - 340
---
Air Corporations Act (c. 5) I * 21

Anguilla Act (c. 63) II 1109

Animals Act (c. 22) I 209

Appropriation Act (c. 67) II 1143

Armed Forces Act (c. 33) I 557

Atomic Energy Authority Act (c. 11) I 99

Attachment of Earnings Act (c. 32) I 529

Banking and Financial Dealings Act (c. 80) Ill 2100

Betting, Gaming and Lotteries (Amendment) Act (c. 26) ... I 353

Carriage of Goods by Sea Act (c. 19) I 183

Civil Aviation Act (c. 75) II 1551

Civil Aviation (Declaratory Provisions) Act (c. 6) I 22

Coal Industry Act (c. 16) I 151

Coinage Act (c. 24) I 329

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1) I 1

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 14) I 149

Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act (c. 79) Ill 2099

Consumer Protection Act (c. 15) I 150

Copyright (Amendment) Act (c. 4) I 19

Courts Act (c. 23) I 217

Criminal Damage Act (c. 48) I 876

Dangerous Litter Act (c. 35) I 634

Diplomatic and Other Privileges Act (c. 64) II 1111

Education (Milk) Act (c. 74) II 1546

Education (Scotland) Act (c. 42) I 845

h

Alphabetical List

Part Page

Finance Act (c. 68) ... II 1195

Fire Precautions Act (c. 40) I 689

Friendly Societies Act (c. 66) ... n 1119

Guardianship of Minors Act (c. 3) i 6

Highways Act (c. 41) i 741

Hijacking Act (c. 70) ... ii 1327

Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act (c. 8) i 29

Housing Act (c. 76) ... ii 1647

Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs and Excise) Act (c. 12) ... i 123

Immigration Act (c. 77) ... ii 1653

Industrial Relations Act (c. 72) ... ii 1339

Industry Act (c. 17) i 158

Interest on Damages (Scotland) Act (c. 31) i 527

Investment and Building Grants Act (c. 51) ... ii 916

Land Commission (Dissolution) Act (c. 18) i 165

Land Registration and Land Charges Act (c. 54) ... ii 941

Law Reform (Jurisdiction in Delict) (Scotland) Act (c. 55) ... ii 954

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 43) ... i 850

Licensing (Abolition of State Management) Act (c. 65) ... ii 1115

Local Authorities (Qualification of Members) Act (c. 7) i 24

Medicines Act (c. 69) ... n 1325

Merchant Shipping (Oil Pollution) Act (c. 59) ... ii 1031

Mineral Workings Act (c. 71) ... ii 1331

Mineral Workings (Offshore Installations) Act (c. 61) ... ii 1069

Mines Management Act (c. 20) i 194

Misuse of Drugs Act (c. 38) i 639

Motor Vehicles (Passenger Insurance) Act (c. 36) i 635

Mr. Speaker King’s Retirement Act (c. 13) i 147

National Insurance Act (c. 50) ... ii 887

National Savings Bank Act (c. 29) i 505

New Towns Act (c. 81) ... hi 2107

Nullity of Marriage (c. 44) i 859

Oil in Navigable Waters Act (c. 21) i 198

Alphabetical List

i

Part Page

Pensions (Increase) Act (c. 56) ... n 955

Pool Competitions Act (c. 57) ... ii 993

Powers of Attorney Act (c. 27) i 357

Prevention of Oil Pollution Act (c. 60) ... ii 1043

Rating Act (c. 39) i 681

Recognition of Divorces and Legal Separations Act (c. 53) ... ii 936

Redemption of Standard Securities (Scotland) Act (c. 45) i 863

Rent (Scotland) Act (c. 28) i 365

Rolls-Royce (Purchase) Act (c. 9) i 37

Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act (c. 49) i 886

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act (c. 58) ... n 1001

Shipbuilding Industry Act (c. 46) i 866

Social Security Act (c. 73) ... ii 1527

Statute Law (Repeals) Act (c. 52) ... ii 922

Teaching Council (Scotland) Act (c. 2) i 2

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 78) ... m 1719

Tribunals and Inquiries Act (c. 62) ... n 1085

Unsolicited Goods and Services Act (c. 30) i 523

Vehicles (Excise) Act (c. 10) i 39

Water Resources Act (c. 34) i 629

Welsh National Opera Company Act (c. 37) i 637

Wild Creatures and Forest Laws Act (c. 47) i 867

k

TABLE II

Chronological List of

the Public General Acts of 1971

Chapter Part Page

1 Consolidated Fund Act , , I 1

2 Teaching Council (Scotland) Act I 2

*3 Guardianship of Minors Act I 6

4 Copyright (Amendment) Act I 19

5 Air Corporations Act I 21

6 Civil Aviation (Declaratory Provisions) Act I 22

7 Local Authorities (Qualification of Members] 1 Act I 24

8 Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act ... I 29

9 Rolls-Royce (Purchase) Act I 37

*10 Vehicles (Excise) Act I 39

11 Atomic Energy Authority Act I 99

*12 Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs and Excise) Act I 123

13 Mr. Speaker King’s Retirement Act I 147

14 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act I 149

15 Consumer Protection Act I 150

16 Coal Industry Act I 151

17 Industry Act I 158

18 Land Commission (Dissolution) Act ... I 165

19 Carriage of Goods by Sea Act I 183

20 Mines Management Act I 194

21 Oil in Navigable Waters Act I 198

22 Animals Act I 209

23 Courts Act I 217

*24 Coinage Act I 329

25 Administration of Estates Act I 340

26 Betting, Gaming and Lotteries (Amendment) Act I 353

27 Powers of Attorney Act I 357

*28 Rent (Scotland) Act I 365

*29 National Savings Bank Act I 505

30 Unsolicited Goods and Services Act ... I 523

31 Interest on Damages (Scotland) Act ... I 527

*32 Attachment of Earnings Act I 529

33 Armed Forces Act I 557

34 Water Resources Act I 629

1 Consolidation Act.

Chronological List

Chapter Part Page

35 Dangerous Litter Act • • • I 634

36 Motor Vehicles (Passenger Insurance) Act I 635

37 Welsh National Opera Company Act I 637

38 Misuse of Drugs Act I 639

39 Rating Act I 681

40 Fire Precautions Act I 689

41 Highways Act I 741

42 Education (Scotland) Act I 845

43 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act ... I 850

44 Nullity of Marriage Act I 859

45 Redemption of Standard Securities (Scotland) Act I 863

46 Shipbuilding Industry Act •.. I 866

47 Wild Creatures and Forest Laws Act ... I 867

48 Criminal Damage Act ... I 876

49 Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act . •. I 886

50 National Insurance Act II 887

51 Investment and Building Grants Act II 916

52 Statute Law (Repeals) Act II 922

53 Recognition of Divorces and Legal Separations Act II 936

54 Land Registration and Land Charges Act II 941

55 Law Reform (Jurisdiction in Delict) Act II 954

56 Pensions (Increase) Act ... II 955

57 Pool Competitions Act II 993

58 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act II 1001

59 Merchant Shipping (Oil Pollution) Act II 1031

*60 Prevention of Oil Pollution Act II 1043

61 Mineral Workings (Offshore Installations) Act II 1069

*62 Tribunals and Inquiries Act II 1085

63 Anguilla Act II 1109

64 Diplomatic and Other Privileges Act II 1111

65 Licensing (Abolition of State Management) Act •.. II 1115

66 Friendly Societies Act II 1119

67 Appropriation Act II 1143

68 Finance Act II 1195

69 Medicines Act II 1325

70 Hijacking Act II 1327

71 Mineral Workings Act ... II 1331

72 Industrial Relations Act II 1339

73 Social Security Act II 1527

74 Education (Milk) Act II 1546

75 Civil Aviation Act II 1551

76 Housing Act II 1647

77 Immigration Act II 1653

*78 Town and Country Planning Act III 1719

79 Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act III 2099

80 Banking and Financial Dealings Act •.. III 2100

81 New Towns Act •. • III 2107

* Consolidation Act.

m

TABLE III

Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1971

Chapter No.

Aldridge—Brownhills Urban District Council Act lxix

Amoco (U.K.) Act iv

Australian, Mercantile, Land and Finance Company, Limited Act ... xxiv

Baird Trust Order Confirmation Act lxxii

Berkshire County Council Act viii

Bournemouth Corporation Act lxiv

Bradford Corporation Act xlii

Bristol Corporation Act xliii

Bristol Corporation (General Powers) Act ix

Bristol Corporation (West Dock) Act 1?

British Aluminium (Saltburn Pier) Order Confirmation Act xx

British Railways Act xlv

British Transport Docks Act llx

British Waterways Act xviii

Buckinghamshire County Council Act xi

Chichester Harbour Conservancy Act lxx

City of London (Various Powers) Act lx!

Co-operative Bank Act xxii

Cornwall County Council Act liv

Cumberland River Authority Act xvi

D. & J. Fowler Limited and Associated Company Act xlix

Dunbarton County Council Order Confirmation Act xxviii

East Suffolk County Council Act lvi

East Sussex County Council (Newhaven Bridge) Act lii

Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation Act xxxvii

Essex County Council Act xix

Eton Rural District Council Act liii

Exeter Corporation Act lxv

Falmouth Container Terminal Act v

Flintshire County Council Act lxv!

Glasgow Corporation (Finance &c.) Order Confirmation Act ... i

Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation Act lxxiil

Great Southern Cemetery and Crematorium Company Act xxxi

Greater London Council (General Powers) Act xxviii

Greater London Council (Money) Act xlviii

Haringey Corporation Act li

Hertfordshire County Council Act xlvi

Humber Bridge Act xlvii

It

Local and Personal Acts

Chapter No.

Ipswich Dock Act xiv

Isle of Wight County Council Act lxx!

John Hollis Trust for Employees (Amendment) Act xxv

Kesteven County Council Act xli

Lanarkshire County Council Order Confirmation Act xxxviii

Lancashire County Council (General Powers) Act xxxii

Lerwick Harbour Order Confirmation Act xxxix

London Transport Act xl

London Transport (No. 2) Act lxii

Luton Corporation Act xxxv

Manchester Corporation (General Powers) Act Ixvit

Mersey Docks and Harbour Act lvil

Mersey Docks and Harbour Board Act x

Mersey Docks and Harbour Board (Ore Berth) Act xxxiv

Ministry of Housing and Local Government Provisional Orders Confirmation (Melton Mowbray and Sheffield) Act iil

National Trust Act vi

National Westminster Bank (North Central Finance & Lombard Banking) Act xxiii

New Broken Hill Consolidated Limited Act xxvi

Nottingham Corporation Act vii

Oldham Corporation Act xxlx

Oxfordshire County Council Act lxiii

Paisley Corporation (Cart Navigation) Order Confirmation Act ... ii

Plymouth Corporation Act xxl

Scunthorpe Corporation Act lxviii

Southampton Corporation Act xii

Southampton Corporation (Southampton Common) Act xxx

Stockport Corporation Act 1

Surrey County Council Act xxxvi

Teeside Corporation Act xvii

Teeside Corporation (General Powers) Act xv

Teeside Corporation (General Powers) (No. 2) Act xliv

Torbay Corporation Act xxxiii

Torbay Corporation (No. 2) Act lx

Trent and Lincolnshire Water Act xiii

Trent River Authority (General Powers) Act lviii

o

TABLE IV

Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1971

Measure passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the year 1971

No. 1. Synodical Government (Special Majorities) Measure.

c. 78

1717

Town and Country Planning

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to town and country planning in England and Wales with amendments to give effect to recommendations of the Law Commission. [28th October 1971]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the council Local planning of a county is the local planning authority for the county, and authorities, the council of a county borough is the local planning authority for the county borough.

(2) If it appears to the Secretary of State that it is expedient that a joint board should be established as the local planning authority for the areas of any two or more such councils as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or for any parts of those areas, he may by order constitute those areas or parts as a united district for the purposes of this Act, and constitute a joint board (in this Act referred to as a " joint planning board ") as the local planning authority for that district:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall not make such an order except after holding a local inquiry unless all the councils concerned have consented to the making of the order.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution of joint planning boards,

Pt.m a

1971 CHAPTER 78

Part I Administration

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1718

Part I

1949 c. 97.

Planning committees and joint advisory committees.

Delegation of functions to councils of county districts.

c. 78

(4) Where a joint planning board is constituted for a united district, references in this Act to the area of a local planning authority—

(a) in relation to the board, shall be construed as refer-

ences to that district; and

(b) in relation to any local planning authority being the

council of a county or county borough of which part (but not the whole) is included in that district, shall be construed as references to so much of the county or county borough as is not so included.

(5) Regulations under this Act may make such provision consequential upon or supplementary to the provisions of this section as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.

(6) The preceding provisions of this section, and the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act, shall have effect subject to the provisions of section 8 of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 (administration of functions of local planning authorities in respect of National Parks).

2. —(1) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the establishment and functions of planning committees and joint advisory committees of local planning authorities.

(2) The provisions of the said Schedule shall have effect subject to the provisions of section 8 of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949.

3. —(1) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with such local authorities or associations of local authorities as he considers appropriate, make regulations for authorising or requiring local planning authorities to delegate to the councils of county districts in their areas, with or without restrictions, any of their functions under the provisions of this Act specified in subsection (2) of this section; and such regulations may be made so as to apply either generally to all local planning authorities (other than the councils of county boroughs) or to such of those authorities as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) The provisions referred to in subsection (1) of this section are Part III, Part IV, Part V, sections 171 to 173, 175, 177 and 246 and Schedules 11 and 14.

(3) In relation to a local planning authority being a joint planning board, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if the reference therein to the councils of county districts in their area included a reference to the councils of counties and county boroughs therein.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1719

(4) Any regulations made for the purposes of this section Part I may make provision—

(a) for requiring any council to whom functions are

delegated in accordance with the regulations to perform those functions on behalf of the local planning authority;

(b) for transferring to any such council any liability of the

local planning authority to pay compensation under Part VIII or under section 187 or 237(1 of this Act in respect of anything done by that council in the exercise of functions delegated to them in accordance with the regulations;

(c) for the transfer and compensation of any officers of a

local planning authority or of any such council.

(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to the provisions of section 8(3) of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 (delega- 1949 c. 97. tion of functions to planning committees and sub-committees

for National Parks).

(6) In relation to any functions under this Act delegated to a council by a local planning authority, any reference in the provisions specified in subsection (2) of this section, or in section 290(4) of this Act, to the local planning authority shall (subject to the regulations and the terms of the delegation, and so far as the context does not otherwise require) be construed as including a reference to that council; and in relation to any compensation payable by a council, by virtue of the transfer under this section to that council of any liability of the local planning authority, any reference in this Act to the local planning authority shall be construed as a reference to that council.

4.—(1) A local planning authority may delegate to any Delegation officer of the authority the function of determining all or any, fT2Sj£ns or a specified class, of the following applications, that is say— authorities.

(a) an application for planning permission under Part III

of this Act;

(b) an application for an approval required by a develop-

ment order or by a condition imposed on the grant of planning permission;

(c) an application for a determination under section 53 of

this Act of the questions whether the carrying out of operations on land or the making of any change in the use of land constitutes or involves development of the land and, if so, whether an application for planning permission in respect thereof is required having regard to the provisions of the development order;

Pt. ill A 2

1720

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part I

id) an application for consent under an order under section 60 of this Act to the cutting down, topping, lopping or destruction of trees;

(e) an application for consent under regulations under section 63 of this Act to the display of advertisements;

(/) an application for an established use certificate under section 94 of this Act

(2) A local authority to whom the function of determining any such application as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section is delegated under section 3 of this Act may delegate either—

(a) to an officer of theirs; or

(b) with the consent of the local planning authority, to an

officer of that authority, the function of determining all or any, or a specified class, of those applications.

(3) A delegation made by a local authority under this section to an officer of theirs or of another local authority—

(a) shall be made to the officer by name ;

(b) may be made with or without restrictions or conditions;

(c) may be withdrawn at any time by the delegating

authority (either generally or in respect of a particular application), without prejudice to anything previously done by the officer thereunder; and id) shall, in the case of a delegation under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, be treated as withdrawn if the consent of the local planning authority under that paragraph is withdrawn.

(4) Where a local authority have under this section delegated to an officer of theirs or of another local authority the function of determining applications, and the officer so requests in the case of any application specified by him, the delegating authority shall themselves, instead of him, determine the application.

(5) Where any functions have under this section been delegated to an officer of a local authority, any determination by him of such an application as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall, if it is notified in writing to the applicant, be treated for all purposes as a determination of the delegating authority.

(6) Where an action has been brought against an officer of a local authority in respect of an act done by him in the discharge or purported discharge of functions delegated to him under this section and the circumstances are such that he is not legally entitled to require the delegating authority to indemnify him, that authority may nevertheless indemnify him against the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1721

whole or part of any damages and costs which he may have been ordered to pay or may have incurred, if they are satisfied that he honestly believed that the act complained of was done in the discharge of those functions and that his duty required or entitled him to do it

(7) In relation to any functions delegated under this section by a local authority to an officer of theirs or of another local authority, any reference to the local planning authority in any enactment relating to those functions shall (subject to the terms of the delegation and so far as the context does not otherwise require) be construed as including a reference to that officer.

5. Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect as respects local planning authorities in Greater London.

Part II Development Plans Survey and structure plan

6.—(1) It shall be the duty of the local planning authority to institute a survey of their area, in so far as they have not already done so, examining the matters which may be expected to affect the development of that area or the planning of its development and in any event to keep all such matters under review.

(2) Notwithstanding that the local planning authority have carried out their duty under subsection (1) of this section, the authority may, if they think fit, and shall, if directed to do so by the Secretary of State, institute a fresh survey of their area examining the matters mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, the matters to be examined and kept under review thereunder shall include the following, that is to say—

(a) the principal physical and economic characteristics of

the area of the authority (including the principal purposes for which land is used) and, so far as they may be expected to affect that area, of any neighbouring areas;

(b) the size, composition and distribution of the population

of that area (whether resident or otherwise);

(c) without prejudice to paragraph (a) of this subsection, the

communications, transport system and traffic of that area and, so far as they may be expected to affect that area, of any neighbouring areas;

(d) any considerations not mentioned in any of the preceding

paragraphs which may be expected to affect any matters so mentioned;

pt. m

A3

Part I

Local planning authorities in Greater London.

Survey of

planning

areas.

1722

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II

Preparation of structure plans.

c. 78

(e) such other matters as may be prescribed or as the Secretary of State may in a particular case direct;

if) any changes already projected in any of the matters mentioned in any of the preceding paragraphs and the effect which those changes are likely to have on the development of that area or the planning of such development.

(4) A local planning authority shall, for the purpose of discharging their functions under this section of examining and keeping under review any matters relating to the area of another such authority, consult with that other authority about those matters.

(5) Subsection (1) of this section shall, as respects any period during which this section is in operation in part only of the area of a local planning authority, be construed as requiring a local planning authority to institute a survey of that part of that area and to keep under review matters affecting only that part of that area; and subsection (2) of this section shall, whether or not this section is in operation in the whole of such an area, have effect as if the power thereby conferred included power for a local planning authority to institute, and for the Secretary of State to direct them to institute, a fresh survey of part only of their area; and references in subsection (3) of this section to the area of a local planning authority or any neighbouring areas shall be construed accordingly.

7.—(1) The local planning authority shall, within such period from the commencement of this section within their area as the Secretary of State may direct, prepare and send the Secretary of State a report of their survey under section 6 of this Act and at the same time prepare and submit to him for his approval a structure plan for their area complying with the provisions of subsection (3) of this section.

(2) The said report shall include an estimate of any changes likely to occur during such period as the Secretary of State may direct in the matters mentioned in section 6(3) of this Act; and different periods may be specified by any such direction in relation to different matters.

(3) The structure plan for any area shall be a written statement—

(a) formulating the local planning authority’s policy and general proposals in respect of the development and other use of land in that area (including measures for the improvement of the physical environment and the management of traffic);

Town and Country Planning Act

c 78

1723

(b) stating the relationship of those proposals to general proposals for the development and other use of land in neighbouring areas which may be expected to affect that area; and

(c) containing such other matters as may be prescribed or

as the Secretary of State may in any particular case direct.

(4) In formulating their policy and general proposals under subsection (3)(a) of this section, the local planning authority shall secure that the policy and proposals are justified by the results of their survey under section 6 of this Act and by any other information which they may obtain and shall have regard—

(a) to current policies with respect to the economic planning and development of the region as a whole;

(b) to the resources likely to be available for the carrying out of the proposals of the structure plan; and

(c) to such other matters as the Secretary of State may direct them to take into account.

(5) A local planning authority’s general proposals under this section with respect to land in their area shall indicate any part of that area (in this Act referred to as an " action area ") which they have selected for the commencement during a prescribed period of comprehensive treatment, in accordance with a local plan prepared for the selected area as a whole, by development, redevelopment or improvement of the whole or part of the area selected, or partly by one and partly by another method, and the nature of the treatment selected.

(6) A structure plan for any area shall contain or be accompanied by such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter as the local planning authority think appropriate for the purpose of explaining or illustrating the proposals in the plan, or as may be prescribed, or as may in any particular case be specified in directions given by the Secretary of State; and any such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter shall be treated as forming part of the plan.

(7) At any time before the Secretary of State has under section 9 of this Act approved a structure plan with respect to the whole of the area of a local planning authority, the authority may with his consent, and shall, if so directed by him, prepare and submit to him for his approval a structure plan relating to part of that area; and where the Secretary of State has given a consent or direction for the preparation of a structure plan for part of such an area, references in this Part of this Act to such an area shall, in relation to a structure plan, be construed as including references to part of that area.

pt. ra A 4

Part II

1724

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II

Publicity in connection with

preparation of structure plans.

c. 78

8.—(1) When preparing a structure plan for their area and before finally determining its content for submission to the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall take such steps as will in their opinion secure—

(a) that adequate publicity is given in their area to the

report of the survey under section 6 of this Act and to the matters which they propose to include in the plan;

(b) that persons who may be expected to desire an oppor-

tunity of making representations to the authority with respect to those matters are made aware that they are entitled to an opportunity of doing so; and

(c) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of

making such representations; and the authority shall consider any representations made to them within the prescribed period.

(2) Not later than the submission of a structure plan to the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall make copies of the plan as submitted to the Secretary of State available for inspection at their office and at such other places as may be prescribed; and each copy shall be accompanied by a statement of the time within which objections to the plan may be made to the Secretary of State.

(3) A structure plan submitted by the local planning authority to the Secretary of State for his approval shall be accompanied by a statement containing such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed—

(a) of the steps which the authority have taken to comply

with subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) of the authority’s consultations with, and consideration

of the views of. other persons with respect to those matters.

(4) If after considering the statement submitted with, and the matters included in, the structure plan and any other information provided by the local planning authority, the Secretary of State is satisfied that the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of this section have been adequately achieved by the steps taken by the authority in compliance with that subsection, he shall proceed to consider whether to approve the structure plan; and if he is not so satisfied, he shall return the plan to the authority and direct them—

(a) to take such further action as he may specify in order

better to achieve those purposes; and

(b) after doing so, to resubmit the plan with such modifica-

tions, if any, as they then consider appropriate and, if so required by the direction, to do so within a specified period.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1725

(5) Where the Secretary of State returns the structure plan Part II to the local planning authority under subsection (4) of this section, he shall inform the authority of his reasons for doing

so and, if any person has made to him an objection to the plan, shall also inform that person that he has returned the plan.

(6) A local planning authority who are given directions by the Secretary of State under subsection (4) of this section shall forthwith withdraw the copies of the plan made available for inspection as required by subsection (2) of this section.

(7) Subsections (2) to (6) of this section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation to a structure plan resubmitted to the Secretary of State in accordance with directions given by him under subsection (4) as they apply in relation to the plan as originally submitted.

9.—(1) The Secretary of State may, after considering a struc- Approval or ture plan submitted (or resubmitted) to him, either approve it rejection of (in whole or in part and with or without modifications or bTsecret^v11 reservations) or reject it. of State.

(2) In considering any such plan the Secretary of State may take into account any matters which he thinks are relevant, whether or not they were taken into account in the plan as submitted to him.

(3) Where on taking any such plan into consideration the Secretary of State does not determine then to reject it, he shall, before determining whether or not to approve it—

(a) consider any objections to the plan, so far as they are

made in accordance with regulations under this Part of this Act;

(b) afford to any persons whose objections so made are not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by him for the purpose; and

(c) if a local inquiry or other hearing is held, also afford

the like opportunity to the local planning authority and such other persons as he thinks fit.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of this section, on considering a structure plan the Secretary of State may consult with, or consider the views of, any local planning authority or other persons, but shall not be under an obligation to consult with, or consider the views of, any other authority or persons or, except as provided by that subsection, to afford an opportunity for the making of any objections or other representations, or to cause any local inquiry or other hearing to be held.

1726

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II

Alteration of

structure

plans.

Preparation of local plans,

10.—(1) At any time after the approval of a structure plan for their area a local planning authority may submit to the Secretary of State and shall, if so directed by the Secretary of State, submit to him within a period specified in the direction, proposals for such alterations to that plan as appear to them to be expedient or as the Secretary of State may direct, as the case may be. and any such proposals may relate to the whole or to part of that area.

(2) The local planning authority shall send with the proposals submitted by them under this section a report of the results of their review of the relevant matters under section 6 of this Act together with any other information on which the proposals are based, and sections 8 and 9 of this Act shall apply, with any necessary modifications, in relation to the proposals as they apply in relation to a structure plan.

Local plans

11.—(1) A local planning authority who are in course of preparing a structure plan for their area, or have prepared for their area a structure plan which has not been approved or rejected by the Secretary of State, may, if they think it desirable, prepare a local plan for any part of that area.

(2) Where a structure plan for their area has been approved by the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall as soon as practicable consider, and thereafter keep under review, the desirability of preparing and, if they consider it desirable and they have not already done so, shall prepare a local plan for any part of the area.

(3) A local plan shall consist of a map and a written statement and shall—

(a) formulate in such detail as the authority think appro-

priate the authority’s proposals for the development and other use of land in that part of their area or for any description of development or other use of such land (including in either case such measures as the authority think fit for the improvement of the physical environment and the management of traffic); and

(b) contain such matters as may be prescribed or as the Secretary of State may in any particular case direct.

(4) Different local plans may be prepared for different purposes for the same part of any area.

(5) A local plan for any area shall contain, or be accompanied by, such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter as the local planning authority think appropriate for the purpose of explaining or illustrating the proposals in the plan, or as may

J\___ id by

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1727

be prescribed, or as may in any particular case be specified in Part II directions given by the Secretary of State; and any such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter shall be treated as forming part of the plan.

(6) Where an area is indicated as an action area in a structure plan which has been approved by the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall (if they have not already done so), as soon as practicable after the approval of the plan, prepare a local plan for that area.

(7) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, the local planning authority shall, if the Secretary of State gives them a direction in that behalf with respect to a part of an area for which a structure plan has been, or is in course of being, prepared, as soon as practicable prepare for that part a local plan of such nature as may be specified in the direction.

(8) Directions under subsection (7) of this section may be given by the Secretary of State either before or after he approves the structure plan; but no such directions shall require a local planning authority to take any steps to comply therewith until the structure plan has been approved by him.

(9) In formulating their proposals in a local plan the local planning authority shall secure that the proposals conform generally to the structure plan as it stands for the time being (whether or not it has been approved by the Secretary of State) and shall have regard to any information and any other considerations which appear to them to be relevant, or which may be prescribed, or which the Secretary of State may in any particular case direct them to take into account.

(10) Before giving a direction under the preceding provisions of this section to a local planning authority, the Secretary of State shall consult the authority with respect to the proposed direction.

(11) Where a local planning authority are required by this section to prepare a local plan, they shall take steps for the adoption of the plan.

12,—(1) A local planning authority who propose to prepare Publicity in

a local plan shall take such steps as will in their opinion secure— connection

with

(a) that adequate publicity is given in their area to any preparation relevant matter arising out of a survey of the area of local plans carried out by them under section 6 of this Act and to the matters proposed to be included in the plan;

v^.

1728

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

parth

(b) that persons who may be expected to desire an opportunity of making representations to the authority with respect to those matters are made aware that they are entitled to an opportunity of doing so; and

(c) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of making such representations;

and the authority shall consider any representations made to them within the prescribed period.

(2) When the local planning authority have prepared a local plan, they shall, before adopting it or submitting it for approval under section 14(4) of this Act (but not before the Secretary of State has approved the structure plan so far as it applies to the area of that local plan), make copies of the local plan available for inspection at their office and at such other places as may be prescribed and send a copy to the Secretary of State; and each copy made available for inspection shall be accompanied by a statement of the time within which objections to the local plan may be made to the authority.

(3) A copy of a local plan sent to the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of this section shall be accompanied by a statement containing such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed—

(a) of the steps which the authority have taken to comply

with subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) of the authority’s consultations with, and their consideration of the views of, other persons.

(4) If, on considering the statement submitted with, and the matters included in, the local plan and any other information provided by the local planning authority, the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the purposes of paragraphs {a) to (c) of subsection (1) of this section have been adequately achieved by the steps taken by the authority in compliance with that subsection, he may, within twenty-one days of the receipt of the statement, direct the authority not to take any further steps for the adoption of the plan without taking such further action as he may specify in order better to achieve those purposes and satisfying him that they have done so.

(5) A local planning authority who are given directions by the Secretary of State under subsection (4) of this section shall—

( a)forthwith withdraw the copies of the local plan made available for inspection as required by subsection (2) of this section; and

(b) notify any person by whom objections to the local plan

have been made to the authority that the Secretary of State has given such directions as aforesaid.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1729

13.—(1) For the purpose of considering objections made to a Part n local plan the local planning authority may, and shall in the inquiries, etc. case of objections so made in accordance with regulations under with respect this Part of this Act, cause a local inquiry or other hearing toto Iocal plans, be held by a person appointed by the Secretary of State or, in such cases as may be prescribed by regulations under this Part of this Act, by the authority themselves, and—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of section 290 of the Local

Government Act 1933 (power to summon and examine 1933 c. 51. witnesses) shall apply to an inquiry held under this section as they apply to an inquiry held under that section;

(b) the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 shall apply to a 1971 c. 62.

local inquiry or other hearing held under this section as it applies to a statutory inquiry held by the Secretary of State, but as if in section 12(1) of that Act (statement of reasons for decisions) the reference to any decision taken by the Secretary of State were a reference to a decision taken by a local authority.

(2) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section may—

(a) make provision with respect to the appointment and

qualifications for appointment of persons to hold a local inquiry or other hearing under that subsection, including provision enabling the Secretary of State to direct a local planning authority to appoint a particular person, or one of a specified list or class of persons;

(b) make provision with respect to the remuneration and

allowances of a person appointed for the said purpose.

14.—(1) After the expiry of the period afforded for making Adoption and objections to a local plan or, if such objections have been duly approval of made during that period, after considering the objections soIocal pIan*' made, the local planning authority may. subject to section 12 of this Act and subsections (2) and (3) of this section, by resolution adopt die plan either as originally prepared or as modified so as to take account of any such objections or of any matters arising out of such objections.

(2) The local planning authority shall not adopt a local plan unless it conforms generally to the structure plan as approved by the Secretary of State.

(3) After copies of a local plan have been sent to the Secretary of State and before the plan has been adopted by the local planning authority, the Secretary of State may direct that the plan shall not have effect unless approved by him.

1730 c. 78 Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II (4) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under subsection (3) of this section, the local planning authority shall submit the plan accordingly to him for his approval, and—

(a) section 9 of this Act shall, subject to paragraph (b) of

this subsection, apply in relation to the plan as it applies in relation to a structure plan ;

(b) before deciding whether or not to approve the plan the

Secretary of State shall not be obliged to consider any objections thereto if objections thereto have been considered by the authority, or to cause an inquiry or other hearing to be held into the plan if any such inquiry or hearing has already been held at the instance of the authority; and

(c) after the giving of the direction the authority shall have

no further power or duty to hold a local inquiry or other hearing under section 13 of this Act in connection with the plan.

Alteration of 15.—(1) A local planning authority may at any time make

local plans. proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan adopted by them and may at any time, with the consent of the Secretary of State, make proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan approved by him.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, a local planning authority shall, if the Secretary of State gives them a direction in that behalf with respect to a local plan adopted by them or approved by him, as soon as practicable prepare proposals of a kind specified in the direction, being proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of the plan.

(3) The provisions of sections 11(9) to (11), 12, 13 and 14 of this Act shall apply in relation to the making of proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan under this section, and to alterations to a local plan so proposed, as they apply in relation to the preparation of a local plan under section 11 of this Act and to a local plan prepared thereunder, but as if the reference in section 14(4)(u) to section 9 of this Act were a reference to section 10 of this Act.

Supplementary provisions

Disregarding 16. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of of representa- this Act, neither the Secretary of State nor a local planning lions with authority shall be required to consider representations or objec-devdopment tions with respect to a structure plan, a local plan or any authorised by proposal to alter, repeal or replace any such plan if it appears or under other to the Secretary of State or the authority, as the case may be, that enactments.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1731

those representations or objections are in substance representa- Part II tions or objections with respect to things done or proposed to be done in pursuance of—

(a) an order or scheme under section 7, 9, 11, 13 or 20 of

the Highways Act 1959 (trunk road orders, special 1959 c. 25. road schemes and ancillary orders);

(b) a scheme under section 3 of the Highways (Miscel-1961 c. 63.

laneous Provisions) Act 1961 (scheme for construction of bridge or tunnel as part of maintainable highway);

(c) an order under section 1 of the Highways Act 1971 1971 c. 41.

(classified road order) or section 10 thereof (order authorising diversion of navigable watercourse);

(d) an order under section 1 of the New Towns Act 1965 1965 c. 59.

(designation of sites of new towns).

17,—(1) Where, by virtue of any of the preceding provisions Default of this Part of this Act, any survey is required to be carried powers of out. or any structure or local plan or proposals for the alteration, |j^?tary of repeal or replacement thereof are required to be prepared or d submitted to the Secretary of State, or steps are required to be taken for the adoption of any such plan or proposals, then—

(a) if at any time the Secretary of State is satisfied, after

holding a local inquiry or other hearing, that the local planning authority are not carrying out the survey or are not taking the steps necessary to enable them to submit or adopt such a plan or proposals within a reasonable period; or

(б) in a case where a period is specified for the submission

or adoption of any such plan or proposals, if no such plan or proposals have been submitted or adopted within that period,

the Secretary of State may carry out the survey or prepare and make a structure plan or local plan or, as the case may be, alter, repeal or replace it, as he thinks fit.

(2) Where under subsection (1) of this section the Secretary of State has power to do anything which should have been done by a local planning authority, he may, if he thinks fit, authorise any other local planning authority who appear to the Secretary of State to have an interest in the proper planning of the area of the first-mentioned authority to do that thing.

(3) Where under this section anything which ought to have been done by a local planning authority is done by the Secretary of State or another such authority, the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply with any necessary modifications in relation to the doing of that thing by the Secretary of State and the latter authority and the thing so done

1732

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II (4) Where the Secretary of State incurs expenses under this section in connection with the doing of anything which should have been done by a local planning authority, so much of those expenses as may be certified by the Secretary of State to have been incurred in the performance of functions of that authority shall on demand be repaid by that authority to the Secretary of State. (5) Where under this section anything which should have been done by one local planning authority is done by another such authority, any expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the doing of that thing by the latter authority, as certified by the Secretary of State, shall be repaid to the latter authority by the former authority.

Supplementary 18*—U) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this

provisions as Part of this Act, the Secretary of State may make regulations

to structure and local plans. with respect to the form and content of structure and local plans and with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with their preparation, submission, withdrawal, approval, adoption, making, alteration, repeal and replacement; and in particular any such regulations may— (a) provide for the publicity to be given to the report of any survey carried out by a local planning authority under section 6 of this Act; (b) provide for the notice to be given of, or the publicity to be given to, matters included or proposed to be included in any such plan, and the approval, adoption or making of any such plan or any alteration, repeal or replacement thereof or to any other prescribed procedural step, and for publicity to be given to the procedure to be followed as aforesaid; (c) make provision with respect to the making and consideration of representations with respect to matters to be included in, or objections to, any such plan or proposals for its alteration, repeal or replacement; id) without prejudice to paragraph (b) of this subsection, provide for notice to be given to particular persons of the approval, adoption or alteration of any plan, if they have objected to the plan and have notified the local planning authority of their wish to receive notice, subject (if the regulations so provide) to the payment of a reasonable charge for receiving it; (e) require or authorise a local planning authority to con- sult with, or consider the views of, other persons before taking any prescribed procedural step; (f) require a local planning authority, in such cases as may be prescribed or in such particular cases as the Secretary of State may direct, to provide persons making

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1733

a request in that behalf with copies of any plan or document which has been made public for the purpose mentioned in section 8(l)(a) or 12(1 Ha) of this Act or has been made available for inspection under section 8(2) or 12(2) of this Act, subject (if the regulations so provide) to the payment of a reasonable charge therefor;

<g) provide for the publication and inspection of any structure plan or local plan which has been approved, adopted or made, or any document approved, adopted or made altering, repealing or replacing any such plan, and for copies of any such plan or document to be made available on sale.

(2) Regulations under this section may extend throughout England and Wales or to specified areas only and may make different provisions for different cases.

(3) Subject to the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act and to any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State may give directions to any local planning authority, or to local planning authorities generally,—

(a) for formulating the procedure for the carrying out of

their functions under this Part of this Act;

(b) for requiring them to give him such information as he

may require for carrying out any of his functions under this Part of this Act.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section 242 of this Act, a structure plan or local plan or any alteration, repeal or replacement thereof shall become operative on a date appointed for the purpose in the relevant notice of approval, resolution of adoption or notice of the making, alteration, repeal or replacement of the plan.

19. In their application to Greater London the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act.

20. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, any other enactment relating to town and country planning, the Land Compensation Act 1961 and the Highways Act 1959, the development plan for any district outside Greater London (whether the whole or part of the area of a local planning authority) shall be taken as consisting of—

(a) the provisions of the structure plan for the time being in force for that area or the relevant part of that area>.

Part II

Application of Part n to Greater London.

Meaning of " development plan/* 1961 c. 33. 1959 c. 25.

1734

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II

together with the Secretary of State’s notice of approval of the plan;

(b) any alterations to that plan, together with the Secretary

of State’s notices of approval thereof;

(c) any provisions of a local plan for the time being

applicable to the district, together with a copy of the authority’s resolution of adoption or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State’s notice of approval of the local plan; and

(d) any alterations to that local plan, together with a copy

of the authority’s resolutions of adoption or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State’s notices of approval thereof.

(2) For the said purposes the development plan for any district in Greater London (whether the whole or part of the area of a London borough) shall be taken as consisting of—

(a) the provisions of the Greater London development plan

and of the structure plan prepared by the council of that borough and for the time being in force in that area or the relevant part of that area together with the Secretary of State’s notices of approval of the plans;

(b) any alterations to those plans, together with the

Secretary of State’s notices of approval thereof;

(c) any provisions of a local plan for the time being

applicable to the district, together with a copy of the resolution of adoption of the relevant council or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State’s notice of approval of the local plan; and

id) any alterations to that local plan, together with a copy of the resolutions of adoption of the relevant council or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State’s notices of approval thereof.

(3) References in subsections (1) and (2) of this section to the provisions of any plan, notices of approval, alterations and resolutions of adoption shall, in relation to a district forming part of the area to which they are applicable, be respectively construed as references to so much of those provisions, notices, alterations and resolutions as is applicable to the district.

(4) References in subsections (1) to (3) of this section to notices of approval shall in relation to any plan or alteration made by the Secretary of State under section 17 of this Act be construed as references to notices of the making of the plan or alteration.

(5) This section has effect subject to Schedule 7 and Part I of Schedule 23 to this Act

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1735

21.—(1) The preceding provisions of this Part of this Act Part II (other than section 18 and except so far as they enable any Commence-matter or thing to be prescribed) and Part I of Schedule 23 to ment of this Act shall come into operation on a day appointed by an P*1"1 .H an<i order made by the Secretary of State.

interim provisions.

(2) The provisions of Schedules 5 and 6 to this Act shall have effect until they are repealed by an order made by the Secretary of State.

(3) Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect as respects the transition from the said Schedules 5 and 6 to the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

(4) Different days may be appointed under this section for different purposes and, in particular, different days may be so appointed for the coming into operation or repeal of the same provisions in different areas.

(5) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the commencement of any provision thereof shall be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision or, in the case of a provision which comes into operation on different days in different areas, shall, in relation to any area, be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision in that area.

(6) An order under this section may make such transitional provision as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions thereby brought into operation or repealed, including such adaptation of those provisions or of any other provision of this Act then in force as appears to him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the partial operation of this Act (whether before or after the day appointed by the order).

(7) The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England shall, for England, and the Secretary of State for the time being having such responsibility in relation to Wales shall, for Wales, each maintain and keep up to date a register showing the effect of orders made under this section in such a way as enables members of the public to inform themselves—

{a) as to the provisions which have come, or are to be brought, into operation or have been, or are to be, repealed, and on which dates and in relation to which areas; and

(b) as to whether, in the case of a particular area, any transitional provision has been made by such an order.

(8) The register maintained under this section by the Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in

1736 c. 78 Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part II planning matters in relation to England shall be kept at his principal offices in London, and the register so maintained by the Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to Wales shall be kept at his principal offices in Cardiff; and both registers shall be available for inspection by the public at reasonable hours.

Part III

General Planning Control

Meaning of development and requirement of planning permission

Meaning of 22.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise

" develop- requires, " development ", subject to the following provisions of

ment"and this section, means the carrying out of building, engineering,

ment" VCOP" or other operations in, on, over or under land, or the

making of any material change in the use of any buildings or other land.

(2) The following operations or uses of land shall not be taken for the purposes of this Act to involve development of the land, that is to say—

(a) the carrying out of works for the maintenance, improve-

ment or other alteration of any building, being works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building and (in either case) are not works for making good war damage or works begun after 5th December 1968 for the alteration of a building by providing additional space therein below ground;

(b) the carrying out by a local highway authority of any

works required for the maintenance or improvement of a road, being works carried out on land within the boundaries of the road;

(c) the carrying out by a local authority or statutory under-

takers of any works for the purpose of inspecting, repairing or renewing any sewers, mains, pipes, cables or other apparatus, including the breaking open of any street or other land for that purpose;

id)the use of any buildings or other land within the curtilage of a dwellinghouse for any purpose incidental to the enjoyment of the dwellinghouse as such;

(e) the use of any land for the purposes of agriculture or forestry (including afforestation) and the use for any of those purposes of any building occupied together with land so used;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1737

(/) in the case of buildings or other land which are used Part in for a purpose of any class specified in an order made by the Secretary of State under this section, the use thereof for any other purpose of the same class.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that for the purposes of this section—

(a) the use as two or more separate dwellinghouses of any

building previously used as a single dwellinghouse involves a material change in the use of the building and of each part thereof which is so used;

(b) the deposit of refuse or waste materials on land involves

a material change in the use thereof, notwithstanding that the land is comprised in a site already used for that purpose, if either the superficial area of the deposit is thereby extended, or the height of the deposit is thereby extended and exceeds die level of the land adjoining the site.

(4) Without prejudice to any regulations made under the provisions of this Act relating to the control of advertisements, the use for the display of advertisements of any external part of a building which is not normally used for that purpose shall be treated for the purposes of this section as involving a material change in the use of that part of the building.

(5) In this Act44 new development " means any development other than development of a class specified in Part I or Part II of Schedule 8 to this Act; and the provisions of Part III of that Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of Parts I and II thereof.

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, planning per- Development mission is required for the carrying out of any development requiring

of land- gsfitn

permission.

(2) Where on 1st July 1948 (in this Act referred to as 44 the appointed day ") land was being temporarily used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was normally used, planning permission is not required for the resumption of the use of the land for the last-mentioned purpose before 6th December 1968. 3

(3) Where on the appointed day land was normally used for one purpose and was also used on occasions, whether at regular intervals or not, for another purpose, planning permission is not required—

(a) in respect of the use of the land for that other purpose on similar occasions before 6th December 1968; or

1738

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part III

(b) in respect of the use of the land for that other purpose on similar occasions on or after that date if the land has been used for that other purpose on at least one similar occasion since the appointed day and before the beginning of 1968.

(4) Where land was unoccupied on the appointed day, but had before that day been occupied at some time on or after 7th January 1937, planning permission is not required in respect of any use of the land begun before 6th December 1968 for the purpose for which the land was last used before the appointed day.

(5) Where planning permission to develop land has been granted for a limited period, planning permission is not required for the resumption, at the end of that period, of the use of the land for the purpose for which it was normally used before the permission was granted.

(6) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (5) of this section, what were the purposes for which land was normally used before the grant of planning permission, no account shall be taken of any use of the land begun in contravention of the provisions of this Part of this Act or in contravention of previous planning control.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (2) to (4) of this section, the use of land as a caravan site shall not, by virtue of any of those subsections, be treated as a use for which planning permission is not required, unless the land was so used on one occasion at least during the period of two years ending with 9th March 1960.

(8) Where by a development order planning permission to develop land has been granted subject to limitations, planning permission is not required for the use of that land which (apart from its use in accordance with that permission) is the normal use of that land, unless the last-mentioned use was begun in contravention of the provisions of this Part of this Act or in contravention of previous planning control.

(9) Where an enforcement notice has been served in respect of any development of land, planning permission is not required for the use of that land for the purpose for which (in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act) it could lawfully have been used if that development had not been carried out.

(10) For the purposes of this section a use of land shall be taken to have been begun in contravention of previous planning control if it was begun in contravention of the provisions of Part III of the Act of 1947 or of Part III of the Act of 1962.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1739

Development orders

24.—(1) The Secretary of State shall by order (in this Act referred to as a " development order ") provide for the granting of planning permission.

(2) A development order may either—

{a) itself grant planning permission for development specified in -the order, or for development of any class so specified; or

(b) in respect of development for which planning permission is not granted by the order itself, provide for the granting of planning permission by the local planning authority (or, in the cases hereinafter provided, by the Secretary of State) on an application in that behalf made to the local planning authority in accordance with the provisions of the order.

(3) A development order may be made either as a general order applicable (subject to such exceptions as may be specified therein) to all land, or as a special order applicable only to such land as may be so specified.

(4) Planning permission panted by a development order may be panted either unconditionally or subject to such conditions or limitations as may be specified in the order.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (4) of this section—

(a) where planning permission is granted by a development

order for the erection, extension or alteration of any buildings, the order may require the approval of the local planning authority to be obtained with respect to the design or external appearance of the buildings ;

(b) where planning permission is granted by a development

order for development of a specified class, the order may enable the Secretary of State or the local planning authority to direct that the permission shall not apply either in relation to development in a particular area or in relation to any particular development. 6

(6) Any provision of a development order whereby permission is granted for the use of land for any purpose on a limited number of days in a period specified in that provision shall (without prejudice to the generality of references in this Act to limitations) be taken to be a provision granting permission for the use of land for any purpose subject to the limitation that the land shall not be used for any one purpose in pursuance of that provision on more than that number of days in that period.

Part m Development orders.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1740

Part HI

1959 c. 25.

Form and content of applications.

Publication of notices of applications.

c. 78

(7) For the purpose of enabling development to be carried out in accordance with planning permission, or otherwise for the purpose of promoting proper development in accordance with the development plan, a development order may direct that any enactment to which this subsection applies, or any regulations, orders or byelaws made at any time under any such enactment, shall not apply to any development specified in the order, or shall apply thereto subject to such modifications as may be so specified.

(8) Subsection (7) of this section applies—

(a) to any enactment passed before 6th August 1947 (being

the date of the passing of the Act of 1947); and

(b) to any enactment contained in the Highways Act 1959

being an enactment which re-enacts (with or without modifications) any such enactment as is mentioned in paragraph ( a) of this subsection.

Applications for planning permission

25. Any application to a local planning authority for planning permission shall be made in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations under this Act, and shall include such particulars, and be verified by such evidence, as may be requited by the regulations or by directions given by the local planning authority thereunder.

26,—(1) Provision may be made by a development order for designating the classes of development to which this section applies, and this section shall apply accordingly to any class of development which is for the time being so designated. 2

(2) An application for planning permission for development of any class to which this section applies shall not be entertained by the local planning authority unless it is accompanied—

(a) by a copy of a notice of the application, in such form as

may be prescribed by a development order, and by such evidence as may be so prescribed that the notice has been published in a local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the land to which the application relates is situated; and

(b) by one or other of the following certificates, signed by or

on behalf of the applicant, that is to say—

(i) a certificate stating that he has complied with subsection (3) of this section and when he did so; or

(ii) a certificate stating that he has been unable to comply with it because he has not such rights of

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1741

access or other rights in respect of the land as would Part m enable him to do so, but that he has taken such reasonable steps as are open to him (specifying them) to acquire those rights and has been unable to acquire them.

(3) In order to comply with this subsection a person must—

(a) post on the land a notice, in such form as may be pre-

scribed by a development order, stating that the application for planning permission is to be made; and

(b) leave the notice in position for not less than seven days

in a period of not more than one month immediately preceding the making of the application to the local planning authority.

(4) The said notice must be posted by affixing it firmly to some object on the land, and must be sited and displayed in such a way as to be easily visible and legible by members of the public without going on the land.

(5) The applicant shall not be treated as unable to comply with subsection (3) of this section if the notice is, without any fault or intention of his, removed, obscured or defaced before the seven days referred to in subsection (3 of this section have elapsed, so long as he has taken reasonable steps for its protection and, if need be, replacement; and, if he has cause to rely on this subsection, his certificate under subsection of this section shall state the relevant circumstances.

(6) The notice mentioned in subsection (2) (a) or required by subsection (3) of this section shall (in addition to any other matters required to be contained therein) name a place within the locality where a copy of the application for planning permission, and of all plans and other documents submitted with it, will be open to inspection by the public at all reasonable hours during such period as may be specified in the notice, not being a period of less than twenty-one days beginning with the date on which the notice is published or first posted, as the case may be.

(7) An application for planning permission for development of any class to which this section applies shall not be determined by the local planning authority before the end of the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date of the application.

(8) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with the requirements of subsection (2){b) of tins section and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which

1742

c. 78

Jown and Country Planning Act

Part m contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(9) Any certificate issued for the purpose of this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a development order.

Notification 27.—(1) Without prejudice to section 26 of this Act, a local

of applications planning authority shall not entertain any application for plan-to owners and permission unless it is accompanied by one or other of f^ants.^ the following certificates signed by or on behalf of the applicant, that is to say—

(a) a certificate stating that, in respect of every part of the land to which the application relates, the applicant is either the estate owner in respect of the fee simple or is entitled to a tenancy thereof;

(b) a certificate stating that the applicant has given the requisite notice of the application to all the persons (other than the applicant) who, at the beginning of the period of twenty-one days ending with the date of the application, were owners of any of the land to which the application relates, and setting out the names of those persons, the addresses at which notice of the application was given to them respectively, and the date of service of each such notice;

(c) a certificate stating that the applicant is unable to issue

a certificate in accordance with either of the preceding paragraphs, that he has given the requisite notice of the application to such one or more of the persons mentioned in the last preceding paragraph as are specified in the certificate (setting out their names, the addresses at which notice of the application was given to them respectively, and the date of the service of each such notice), that he has taken such steps as are reasonably open to him (specifying them) to ascertain the names and addresses of the remainder of those persons and that he has been unable to do so;

(d) a certificate stating that the applicant is unable to issue

a certificate in accordance with paragraph (a) of this subsection, that he has taken such steps as are reasonably open to him (specifying them) to ascertain the names and addresses of the persons mentioned in paragraph ( b)of this subsection and that he has been unable to do so. 2 * * *

(2) Any such certificate as is mentioned in paragraph (c) or

paragraph ( d)of subsection (1) of this section shall also contain

a statement that the requisite notice of the application, as set

out in the certificate, has on a date specified in the certificate

Town and Country Planning Act c. 78

(being a date not earlier than the beginning of the period mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection) been published in a local newspaper circulating in the locality in which the land in question is situated.

(3) In addition to any other matters required to be contained in a certificate issued for the purposes of this section, every such certificate shall contain one or other of the following statements, that is to say—

(a) a statement that none of the land to which the applica-

tion relates constitutes or forms part of an agricultural holding;

(b) a statement that the applicant has given the requisite

notice of the application to every person (other than the applicant) who. at the beginning of the period of twenty-one days ending with the date of the application, was a tenant of any agricultural holding any part of which was comprised in the land to which the application relates, and setting out the name of each such person, the address at which notice of the application was given to him, and the date of service of that notice.

(4) Where an application for planning permission is accompanied by such a certificate as is mentioned in subsection (l)(f>), (c) or (d) of this section, or by a certificate containing a statement in accordance with subsection (3 of this section, the local planning authority shall not determine the application before the end of the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date appearing from the certificate to be the latest of the dates of service of notices as mentioned in the certificate, or the date of publication of a notice as therein mentioned, whichever is the later.

(5) If any person issues any certificate which purports to comply with the requirements of this section and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100. 6

(6) Any certificate issued for the purposes of this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a development order; and any reference in any provision of this section to the requisite notice, where a form of notice is prescribed by a development order for the purposes of that provision, is a reference to a notice in that form.

1743 Part in

1744

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part III (7) In this section " owner ", in relation to any land, means a person who is for the time being the estate owner in respect of the fee simple thereof or is entitled to a tenancy thereof granted or extended for a term of years certain of which not less than ten years remain unexpired, and " agricultural holding " has the 1948 c. 63. same meaning as in the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948.

Publicity for 28.—(1) This section applies where an application for plan-

aff©cSg0nS permission for any development of land is made to a

conservation l°cal planning authority and either—

areas- (i a) the development would, in the opinion of the authority,

affect the character or appearance of a conservation area; or

(b) the development is of a kind specified by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section and in respect of land in or adjacent to a conservation area.

(2) The local planning authority shall—

(a) publish in a local newspaper circulating in the locality

in which the land is situated ; and

(b) for not less than seven days display on or near the land,

a notice indicating the nature of the development in question and naming a place within the locality where a copy of the application, and of all plans and other documents submitted with it, will be open to inspection by the public at all reasonable hours during the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date of publication of the notice under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(3) The application shall not be determined by the local planning authority before both the following periods have elapsed, namely—

(a) the period of twenty-one days referred to in subsection

(2) of this section ; and

(b) the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date

on which the notice required by that subsection to be displayed was first displayed.

Determination by local planning authorities of applications for planning permission

Determination 29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of sections 26 to 28 of

of applications, this Act, and to the following provisions of this Act, where an application is made to a local planning authority for planning permission, that authority, in dealing with the application, shall

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1745

have regard to the provisions of the development plan, so far Part III as material to the application, and to any other material considerations, and—

{a) subject to sections 41, 42, 70 and 77 to 80 of this Act, may grant planning permission, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as they think fit; or

(b) may refuse planning permission.

(2) In determining any application for planning permission for development of a class to which section 26 of this Act applies, the local planning authority shall take into account any representations relating to that application which are received by them before the end of the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date of the application.

(3) Where an application for planning permission is accompanied by such a certificate as is mentioned in subsection (l)(h),

(c) or (d) of section 27 of this Act, or by a certificate containing a statement in accordance with subsection 0)(b) of that section, the local planning authority—

(a) in determining the application, shall take into account

any representations relating thereto which are made to them, before the end of the period mentioned in subsection (4) of that section, by any person who satisfies them that he is an owner of any land to which the application relates or that he is the tenant of an agricultural holding any part of which is comprised in that land; and

(b) shall give notice of their decision to every person who

has made representations which they were required to take into account in accordance with the preceding paragraph.

(4) In determining any application for planning permission to which section 28 of this Act applies, the local planning authority shall take into account any representations relating to the application which are received by them before the periods mentioned in subsection (3) of that section have elapsed.

(5) Before a local planning authority grant planning permission for the use of land as a caravan site, they shall, unless they are also (the authority having power to issue a site licence for that land, consult the local authority having that power. 6

(6) In this section " site licence " means a licence under Part I

of the Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960 i960 c. 62. authorising the use of land as a caravan site and "owner" and "agricultural holding" have the same meanings as in section 27 of tins Act.

1746

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part HI

Conditional grant of planning permission.

Directions etc. as to method of dealing with applications.

30. —(1) Without prejudice to the generality of section 29(1) of this Act, conditions may be imposed on the grant of planning permission thereunder—

(a) for regulating the development or use of any land under the control of the applicant (whether or not it is land in respect of which the application was made) or requiring the carrying out of works on any such land, so far as appears to the local planning authority to be expedient for the purposes of or in connection with the development authorised by the permission ;

(b) for requiring the removal of any buildings or works authorised by the permission, or the discontinuance of any use of land so authorised, at the end of a specified period, and the carrying out of any works required for the reinstatement of land at the end of that period.

(2) Any planning permission granted subject to such a condition as is mentioned in subsection (l)(h) of this section is in this Act referred to as " planning permission granted for a limited period ".

(3) Where—

(a) planning permission is granted for development consisting of or including the carrying out of building or other operations subject to a condition that the operations shall be commenced not later than a time specified in the condition (not being a condition attached to the planning permission by or under section 41 or 42 of this Act); and

(b) any building or other operations are commenced after the time so specified,

the commencement and carrying out of those operations do not constitute development for which that permission was granted.

31. —(1) Subject to the provisions of section 29(2) to (5) of this Act, provision may be made by a development order for regulating the manner in which applications for planning permission to develop land are to be dealt with by local planning authorities, and in particular—

(a) for enabling the Secretary of State to give directions restricting the grant of planning permission by the local planning authority, either indefinitely or during such period as may be specified in the directions, in respect of any such development, or in respect of development of any such class, as may be so specified;

(h) for authorising the local planning authority, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the order, or by directions given by the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1747

Secretary of State thereunder, to grant planning permission for development which does not accord with the provisions of the development plan ;

(c) for requiring the local planning authority, before granting or refusing planning permission for any development, to consult with such authorities or persons as may be prescribed by the order or by directions given by the Secretary of State thereunder;

(d) for requiring the local planning authority to give to any applicant for planning permission, within such time as may be prescribed by the order, such notice as may be so prescribed as to the manner in which his application has been dealt with;

(e) for requiring the local planning authority to give to the Secretary of State, and to such other persons as may be prescribed by or under the order, such information as may be so prescribed with respect to applications for planning permission made to the authority, including information as to the manner in which any such application has been dealt with.

(2) The Secretary of State may give directions to local planning authorities with respect to the matters which they are to take into consideration in determining an application to which section 28 of this Act applies and with respect to the consultations which such authorities are to undertake before determining any such application. 3

(3) Different directions may under subsection (2) of this section be given to different local planning authorities; and any such directions may require an authority—

(a) before determining an application to consult such per-

sons or bodies of persons as the Secretary of State may specify, being persons or bodies appearing to him to be competent to give advice in relation to the development or description of development to which the directions have reference;

(b) to supply to any person or body, whom they are required

by the directions to consult, specified documents or information enabling the body to form an opinion on which to base their advice;

(c) to establish committees, consisting either of members

of the authority or of other persons, or of both, to advise the authority in relation to the determination of any application referred to in subsection (2) of this section.

Part III

1748

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part III Permission to retain buildings or works or continue use of land.

Provisions as to effect of planning permission.

Registers of applications and decisions.

32. —(1) An application for planning permission may relate to buildings or works constructed or carried out, or a use of land instituted, before the date of the application, whether—

(a) the buildings or works were constructed or carried out,

or the use instituted, without planning permission or in accordance with planning permission granted for a limited period; or

(b) the application is for permission to retain the buildings

or works, or continue the use of the land, without complying with some condition subject to which a previous planning permission was granted.

(2) Any power to grant planning permission to develop land under this Act shall include power to grant planning permission for the retention on land of buildings or works constructed or carried out, or for the continuance of a use of land instituted, as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and references in this Act to planning permission to develop land or to carry out any development of land, and to applications for such permission, shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect the construction of section 26, 28, 29(2) or (4) or 59, of sections 66 to 86 or of Part VII of this Act.

(3) Any planning permission granted in accordance with subsection (2) of this section may be granted so as to take effect from the date on which the buildings or works were constructed or carried out, or the use was instituted, or (in the case of buildings or works constructed or a use instituted in accordance with planning permission granted for a limited period) so as to take effect from the end of that period, as the case may be.

33. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Part of this Act as to the duration, revocation or modification of planning permission, any grant of planning permission to develop land shall (except in so far as the permission otherwise provides) enure for the benefit of the land and of all persons for the time being interested therein.

(2) Where planning permission is granted for the erection of a building, the grant of permission may specify the purposes for which the building may be used; and if no purpose is so specified, the permission shall be construed as including permission to use the building for the purpose for which it is designed.

34. —(1) Every local planning authority shall keep, in such manner as may be prescribed by a development order, a register containing such information as may be so prescribed with

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1749

respect to applications for planning permission made to that authority, including information as to the manner in which such applications have been dealt with.

(2) A development order may make provision for the register to be kept in two or more parts, each part containing such information relating to applications for planning permission made to the authority as may be prescribed by the order, and may also make provision—

(a) for a specified part of the register to contain copies

of applications and of any plans or drawings submitted therewith; and

(b) for the entry relating to any application, and every

thing relating thereto, to be removed from that part of the register when the application (including any appeal arising out of it) has been finally disposed of, without prejudice to the inclusion of any different entry relating thereto in another part of the register.

(3) Every register kept under this section shall be available for inspection by the public at all reasonable hours.

Secretary of State*s powers in relation to planning applications and decisions

35.—(1) The Secretary of State may give directions requiring applications for planning permission, or for the approval of any local planning authority required under a development order, to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by local planning authorities.

(2) A direction under this section—

(a) may be given either to a particular local planning authority or to local planning authorities generally; and

(b)may relate either to a particular application or to applications of a class specified in the direction. 3 4 *

(3) Any application in respect of which a direction under this section has effect shall be referred to the Secretary of State accordingly.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, where an application for planning permission is referred to the Secretary of State under this section, the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections 26(2) and (7), 27, 29(1) to (3) and 30(1), shall apply, with any necessary modifications, as they apply to an

application for planning permission which falls to be determined by the local planning authority.

Pt. hi B

Part HI

Reference of applications to Secretary of State.

1750

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part in (5) Before determining an application referred to him under this section, other than an application for planning permission referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under section 48 of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, if either the applicant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(6) The decision of the Secretary of State on any application referred to him under this section shall be final.

Appeals

against

planning

decisions.

36.—(1) Where an application is made to a local planning authority for planning permission to develop land, or for any approval of that authority required under a development order, and that permission or approval is refused by that authority or is granted by them subject to conditions, the applicant, if he is aggrieved by their decision, may by notice under this section appeal to die Secretary of State.

(2) Any notice under this section shall be served within such time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the date of notification of the decision to which it relates) and in such manner as may be prescribed by a development order.

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this section from a decision of a local planning authority, the Secretary of State, subject to the following provisions of this section, may allow or dismiss the appeal, or may reverse or vary any part of the decision of the local planning authority, whether the appeal relates to that part thereof or not, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to him in die first instance.

(4) Before determining an appeal under this section, other than an appeal referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under section 48 of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, if either the applicant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(5) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections 27, 29(1) and (3) and 30(1) shall apply, with any necessary modifications, in relation to an appeal to the Secretary of State under this section as they apply in relation to an application for planning permission which falls to be determined by the local planning authority. 6

(6) The decision of the Secretary of State on any appeal under this section shall be final.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1751

c. 78

(7) If before or during the determination of an appeal under Part m this section in respect of an application for planning permission

to develop land, the Secretary of State forms the opinion that, having regard to the provisions of sections 29(1), 30(1), 67 and 74 of this Act and of the development order and to any directions given under that order, planning permission for that development—

(a) could not have been granted by the local planning authority; or

(b)could not have been granted by them otherwise than subject to the conditions imposed by them,

he may decline to determine the appeal or to proceed with the determination.

(8) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under this section, including appeals under this section as applied by or under any other provision of this Act.

37. Where an application is made to a local planning authority Appeal in for planning permission, or for any approval of that authority default of required under a development order, then unless within such Pining period as may be prescribed by the development order, or within aecis,on-such extended period as may at any time be agreed upon in writing between the applicant and the local planning authority,

the local planning authority either—

(a) give notice to the applicant of their decision on the application; or

(b) give notice to him that the application has been referred to the Secretary of State in accordance with directions given under section 35 of this Act,

the provisions of section 36 of this Act shall apply in relation to the application as if the permission or approval to which it relates had been refused by the local planning authority, and as if notification of their decision had been received by the applicant at the end of the period prescribed by the development order, or at the end of the said extended period, as the case may be.

38. —(1) The provisions of this section and of section 39 of this Review of Act shall have effect where, in accordance with the provisions of planning Part VII of this Act, one or more claims for compensation in ^sions respect of a planning decision have been transmitted to the compensation Secretary of State, and the claim, or (if there is more than one) claimed, one or more of the claims, has not been withdrawn. 2

(2) If, in the case of a planning decision of the local planning authority, it appears to the Secretary of State that, if the application for permission to develop the land in question had

Pt. ui B 2

1752

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part m been referred to him for determination, he would have made a decision more favourable to the applicant, the Secretary of State may give a direction substituting that decision for the decision of the local planning authority.

(3) If, in any case, it appears to the Secretary of State that planning permission could properly be granted (either unconditionally or subject to certain conditions) for some development of the land in question other than the development to which the application for planning permission related, the Secretary of State may give a direction that the provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to that application and to the planning decision—

(a) as if the application had included an application for

permission for that other development, and the decision had included the grant of planning permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development; or

(b) as if the decision had been a decision of the Secretary

of State and had included an undertaking to grant planning permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development, as may be specified in the direction.

(4) The reference in subsection (2) of this section to a decision more favourable to the applicant shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a refusal of permission, as a reference to

a decision granting the permission, either unconditionally or subject to conditions, and either in respect of the whole of the land to which the application for permission related or in respect of part of that land; and

(b) in relation to a grant of permission subject to conditions,

as a reference to a decision granting the permission applied for unconditionally or subject to less stringent conditions.

Provisions 39.—(1) Before giving a direction under section 38 of this Act

supptaoentary the Secretary of State shall give notice in writing of his proposed to s. 38. direction to the local planning authority to whose decision that direction relates, and to any person who made, and has not since withdrawn, a claim for compensation in respect of that decision ; and, if so required by the local planning authority or by any such person, shall afford to each of them an opportunity to appear before, and be heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(2) In giving any direction under section 38 of this Act, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the provisions of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1753

c. 78

development plan for the area in which the land in question is situated, in so far as those provisions are material to the development of that land, and shall also have regard to the local circumstances affecting the proposed development, including the use which prevails generally in the case of contiguous or adjacent land, and to any other material considerations.

(3) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under section 38 of this Act, he shall give notice of the direction to the local planning authority to whose decision the direction relates, and to every person (if any) who made, and has not since withdrawn, a claim for compensation in respect of that decision.

Deemed planning permission

40.—(1) Where the authorisation of a government department is required by virtue of an enactment in respect of development to be carried out by a local authority, or by statutory undertakers not being a local authority, that department may, on granting that authorisation, direct that planning permission for that development shall be deemed to be granted, subject to such conditions (if any) as may be specified in the directions.

(2) The provisions of this Act (except Parts VII and XII thereof) shall apply in relation to any planning permission deemed to be granted by virtue of directions under this section as if it had been granted by the Secretary of State on an application referred to him under section 35 of this Act. 3

(3) For the purposes of this section development shall be taken to be authorised by a government department if—

(a) any consent, authority or approval to or for the develop-

ment is granted by the department in pursuance of an enactment;

(b) a compulsory purchase order is confirmed by the depart-

ment authorising the purchase of land for the purpose of the development;

(c) consent is granted by the department to the appropria-

tion of land for the purpose of the development or the acquisition of land by agreement for that purpose;

(d) authority is given by the department for the borrowing

of money for the purpose of the development, or for the application for that purpose of any money not otherwise so applicable ; or

(e) any undertaking is given by the department to pay a

grant in respect of the development in accordance with an enactment authorising the payment of such grants,

and references in this section to the authorisation of a government department shall be construed accordingly.

Pt. m B 3

Part III

Development by local authorities and statutory undertakers with authorisation of government department

1754

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part in

Limit of duration of

planning

permission.

Outline

planning

permission.

Duration of planning permission

41. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every planning permission granted or deemed to be granted shall be granted or, as the case may be, be deemed to be granted, subject to die condition that the development to which it relates must be begun not later than the expiration of—

(a) five years beginning with the date on which the permission is granted or, as the case may be, deemed to be granted; or

(b) such other period (whether longer or shorter) beginning with the said date as the authority concerned with the terms of the planning permission may direct, being a period which the authority considers appropriate having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations.

(2) If planning permission is granted without the condition required by subsection (1) of this section, it shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the condition that the development to which it relates must be begun not later than the expiration of five years beginning with the date of the grant.

(3) Nothing in this section applies—

(a) to any planning permission granted by a development order;

(b) to any planning permission granted for a limited period;

(c) to any planning permission granted under section 32

of this Act on an application relating to buildings or works completed, or a use of land instituted, before the date of the application ; or

(d) to any outline planning permission, as defined by section 42 of this Act.

42. —(1) In this section and section 41 of this Act "outline planning permission" means planning permission granted, in accordance with the provisions of a development order, with the reservation for subsequent approval by the local planning authority or the Secretary of State of matters (referred to in this section as "reserved matters") not particularised in the application.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where outline planning permission is granted for development consisting in or including the carrying out of building or other operations, it shall be granted subject to conditions to the following effect—

(a) that, in the case of any reserved matter, application for approval must be made not later than the expiration of three years beginning with the date of the grant of outline planning permission; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1755

(b) that the development to which the permission relates Part III must be begun not later than whichever is the later of the following dates—

(i) the expiration of five years from the date of the grant of outline planning permission; or

(ii) the expiration of two years from the final approval of the reserved matters or, in the case of approval on different dates, the final approval of the last such matter to be approved.

(3) If outline planning permission is granted without the conditions required by subsection (2) of this section, it shall be deemed to have been granted subject to those conditions.

(4) The authority concerned with the terms of an outline planning permission may, in applying subsection (2) of this section, substitute, or direct that there be substituted, for the periods of three years, five years or two years referred to in that subsection such other periods respectively (whether longer or shorter) as they consider appropriate.

(5) The said authority may, in applying the said subsection, specify, or direct that there be specified, separate periods under paragraph (a) of the subsection in relation to separate parts of the development to which the planning permission relates; and, if they do so, the condition required by paragraph (b) of the subsection shall then be framed correspondingly by reference to those parts, instead of by reference to the development as a whole.

(6) In considering whether to exercise their powers under subsections (4) and (5) of this section, the said authority shall have regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations.

43.—(1) For the purposes of sections 41 and 42 of this Act, Provisions development shall be taken to be begun on the earliest date on supplementary which any specified operation comprised in the developmenttoss-41311(142, begins to be carried out 2

(2) In subsection (1) of this section "specified operation" means any of the following, that is to say—

(a) any work of construction in the course of the erection of a building;

(b) the digging of a trench which is to contain the founda-

tions, or part of the foundations, of a building;

(c) the laying of any underground main or pipe to the

foundations, or part of the foundations, of a building or to any such trench as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph;

Pt. m b 4

1756

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part III

(d) any operation in the course of laying out or constructing a road or part of a road;

(e) any change in the use of any land, where that change

constitutes material development.

(3) In subsection (Die) of this section " material development " means any development other than—

(a) development for which planning permission is granted

by a general development order for the time being in force and which is carried out so as to comply with any condition or limitation subject to which planning permission is so granted;

(b) development falling within any of paragraphs 1, 2, 3

and 5 to 8 of Schedule 8 to this Act, as read with Part III of that Schedule; and

(c) development of any class prescribed for the purposes

of this subsection;

and in this subsection "general development order" means a development order made as a general order applicable (subject to such exceptions as may be specified therein) to all land in England and Wales.

(4) The authority referred to in sections 41(1)(6) and 42(4) of this Act is the local planning authority or the Secretary of State, in the case of planning permission granted by them, and in the case of planning permission under section 40 of this Act is the department on whose direction planning permission is deemed to be granted.

(5) For the purposes of section 42 of this Act, a reserved matter shall be treated as finally approved when an application for approval is granted or, in a case where the application is made to the local planning authority and there is an appeal to the Secretary of State against the authority’s decision on the application and the Secretary of State grants the approval, on the date of the determination of the appeal.

(6) Where a local planning authority grant planning permission, the fact that any of the conditions of the permission are required by the provisions of sections 41 or 42 of this Act to be imposed, or are deemed by those provisions to be imposed, shall not prevent the conditions being the subject of an appeal under section 36 of this Act against the decision of the authority.

(7) In the case of planning permission (whether outline or other) having conditions attached to it by or under section 41 or 42 of this Act—

(a) development carried out after the date by which the conditions of the permission require it to be carried out shall be treated as not authorised by the permission; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1757

(b) an application for approval of a reserved matter, if it is Part m made after the date by which the conditions require it to be made, shall be treated as not made in accordance with the terms of the permission.

44.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Termination effect where, by virtue of section 41 or 42 of this Act, a planning of planning permission is subject to a condition that the development to which the permission relates must be begun before the expiration Jo time limit, of a particular period and that development has been begun within that period but the period has elapsed without the development having been completed.

(2) If the local planning authority are of opinion that the development will not be completed within a reasonable period, they may serve a notice (in this section referred to as a " completion notice ") stating that the planning permission will cease to have effect at the expiration of a further period specified in the notice, being a period of not less than twelve months after the notice takes effect.

(3) A completion notice—

(a) shall be served on the owner and on the occupier of

the land and on any other person who in the opinion of the local planning authority will be affected by the notice; and

(b) shall take effect only if and when it is confirmed by the

Secretary of State, who may in confirming it substitute some longer period for that specified in the notice as the period at the expiration of which the planning permission is to cease to have effect.

(4) If, within such period as may be specified in a completion notice (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Secretary of State, before confirming the notice, shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(5) If a completion notice takes effeot, the planning permission therein referred to shall at the expiration of the period specified in the notice, whether the original period specified under subsection (2) of this section or a longer period substituted by the Secretary of State under subsection (3) of this section, be invalid except so far as it authorises any development carried out thereunder up to the end of that period. 6

(6) The local planning authority may withdraw a completion notice at any time before the expiration of the period specified

1758

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part in therein as the period at the expiration of which the planning permission is to cease to have effect; and if they do so they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the completion notice.

Power to revoke or modify planning permission.

Revocation or modification of planning permission

45.—(1) If it appears to the local planning authority, having regard to the development plan and to any other material considerations, that it is expedient to revoke or modify any permission to develop land granted on an application made under this Part of this Act, the authority, subject to the following provisions of this section, may by order revoke or modify the permission to such extent as (having regard to those matters) they consider expedient.

(2) Except as provided in section 46 of this Act, an order under this section shall not take effect unless it is confirmed by the Secretary of State; and the Secretary of State may confirm any such order submitted to him either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient.

(3) Where a local planning authority submit an order to the Secretary of State for his confirmation under this section, the authority shall serve notice on the owner and on the occupier of the land affected and on any other person who in their opinion will be affected by the order; and if within such period as may be specified in that notice (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Secretary of State, before confirming the order, shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(4) The power conferred by this section to revoke or modify permission to develop land may be exercised—

(a) where the permission relates to the carrying out of building or other operations, at any time before those operations have been completed;

(b) where the permission relates to a change of the use of

any land, at any time before the change has taken place:

Provided that the revocation or modification of permission for the carrying out of building or other operations shall not affect so much of those operations as has been previously carried out.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1759

46.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect where the Part m

local planning authority have made an order under section 45 Unopposed of this Act but have not submitted the order to the Secretary revocation or of State for confirmation by him. and— modification.

(a) the owner and the occupier of the land and all persons

who in the authority’s opinion will be affected by the order have notified the authority in writing that they do not object to the order; and

(b) it appears to the authority that no claim for compen-

sation is likely to arise under section 164 of this Act on account of the order.

(2) The authority shall advertise in the prescribed manner the fact that the order has been made, and the advertisement shall specify—

(a) the period (not being less than twenty-eight days from the date on which the advertisement first appears) within which persons affected by the order may give notice to the Secretary of State that they wish for an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose; and

{b) the period (not being less than fourteen days from the expiration of the period referred to in paragraph {a) of this subsection) at the expiration of which, if no such notice is given to the Secretary of State, the order may take effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State.

(3) The authority shall also serve notice to the same effect on the persons mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section, and the notice shall include a statement to the effect that no compensation is payable under section 164 of this Act in respect of an order under section 45 of this Act which takes effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State.

(4) The authority shall send a copy of any advertisement published under subsection (2) of this section to the Secretary of State, not more than three days after the publication. 5

(5) If within the period referred to in subsection (2 of this section no person claiming to be affected by the order has given notice to the Secretary of State as aforesaid, and the Secretary of State has not directed that the order be submitted to him for confirmation, the order shall, at the expiration of the period referred to in subsection (2 ){b)of this section, take effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State as required by section 45(2) of this Act

1760

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part III

Constitution of Planning Inquiry Commission.

1957 c. 20.

References to a Planning Inquiry Commission.

(6) This section does not apply to an order revoking or modifying a planning permission granted or deemed to have been granted by the Secretary of State under this Part of this Act or under Part IV or V thereof; nor does it apply to an order modifying any conditions to which a planning permission is subject by virtue of section 41 or 42 of this Act.

Reference of certain matters to Planning Inquiry Commission or independent tribunal

47. —(1) The Secretary of State may constitute a Planning Inquiry Commission to inquire into and report on any matter referred to them under section 48 of this Act

(2) Any such commission shall consist of a chairman and not less than two nor more than four other members appointed by the Secretary of State.

(3) The Secretary of State may pay to the members of any such commission such remuneration and allowances as he may with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service determine, and may provide for each such commission such officers or servants, and such accommodation, as appears to him expedient to provide for the purpose of assisting die commission in the discharge of their functions.

(4) The validity of any proceedings of any such commission shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members of the commission or by any defect in the appointment of any member.

(5) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (commissions, tribunals and other bodies all members of which are disqualified under that Act), in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the following entry shall be inserted at the appropriate place in alphabetical order:—

" A Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *.

(6) The " Secretary of State ", in relation to any matter affecting both England and Wales, means in subsections (1) and (2) of this section the Secretaries of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and in relation to Wales acting jointiy, and in subsection (3) of this section one of those Secretaries of State authorised by the other to act on behalf of both of them for the purposes of that subsection.

48. —(1) The following matters may, in the circumstances mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, be referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission, that is to say—

(a) an application for planning permission which the Secretary of State has under section 35 of this Act

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1761

directed to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by a local planning authority;

(b) an appeal under section 36 of this Act (including that

section as applied by or under any other provision of this Act);

(c) a proposal that a government department should give

a direction under section 40 of this Act that planning permission shall be deemed to be granted for development by a local authority or by statutory undertakers which is required by any enactment to be authorised by that department;

(d) a proposal that development should be carried out by

or on behalf of a government department.

(2) Any of the matters mentioned in subsection (1) of this section may be referred to any such commission under this section if it appears expedient to the responsible Minister or Ministers that die question whether the proposed development should be permitted to be carried out should be the subject of a special inquiry on either or both of the following grounds—

(a) there are considerations of national or regional impor-

tance which are relevant to the determination of that question and require evaluation, but a proper evaluation thereof cannot be made unless there is a special inquiry for the purpose ;

(b) the technical or scientific aspects of the proposed

development are of so unfamiliar a character as to jeopardise a proper determination of that question unless there is a special inquiry for the purpose.

(3) Two or more of the matters mentioned in subsection (1) of this section may be referred to the same commission under this section if it appears to the responsible Minister or Ministers that they relate to proposals to carry out development for similar purposes on different sites.

(4) Where a matter referred to a commission under this section relates to a proposal to carry out development for any purpose at a particular site, the responsible Minister or Ministers may also refer to the commission the question whether development for that purpose should instead be carried out at an alternative site. 5

(5) The responsible Minister or Ministers shall, on referring a matter to a commission under this section, state in the reference the reasons therefor and may draw the attention of the commission to any points which seem to him or them to be relevant to their inquiry.

Part n!

1762

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part in

Procedure on reference to a Planning Inquiry

Commission.

(6) A commission inquiring into a matter referred to them under this section shall—

(a) identify and investigate the considerations relevant to.

or the technical or scientific aspects of, that matter which in their opinion are relevant to the question whether the proposed development should be permitted to be carried out and assess the importance to be attached to those considerations or aspects;

(b) thereafter, if the applicant, in the case of a matter mentioned in subsection (l)(fl), (b) or (c) of this section, or the local planning authority in any case so desire, afford to each of them, and, in the case of an application or appeal mentioned in the said subsection

(l)(fl) or (b), to any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the application or appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 29 (2) or (3) of this Act, an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by one or more members of the commission;

(c) report to the responsible Minister or Ministers on the

matter referred to them.

(7) Any such commission may, with the approval of the Secretary of State and at his expense, arrange for the carrying out (whether by the commission themselves or by others) of research of any kind appearing to them to be relevant to a matter referred to them for inquiry and report

In this subsection "the Secretary of State", in relation to any matter affecting both England and Wales, means the Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England or the Secretary of State for the time being having such responsibility in relation to Wales acting, by arrangements between the two of them, on behalf of both.

(8) Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for the construction of references in this section and in section 49 of this Act to "the responsible Minister or Ministers".

49.—(1) A reference to a Planning Inquiry Commission of a proposal that development should be carried out by or on behalf of a government department may be made at any time and a reference of any other matter mentioned in section 48 of this Act may be made at any time before, but not after, the determination of the relevant application inferred under section 35 of this Act or the relevant appeal under section 36 of this Act or, as the case may be, the giving of the relevant direction under section 40 of this Act, notwithstanding that an inquiry or other hearing has been held into the proposal by a person appointed by any Minister for the purpose.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1763

(2) Notice of the making of a reference to any such com- PartDI mission shall be published in the prescribed manner, and a

copy of the notice shall be served on the local planning authority for the area in which it is proposed that the relevant development shall be carried out, and—

(a) in the case of an application for planning permission

referred under section 35 of this Act or an appeal under section 36 of this Act, on the applicant and any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the application or appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 29 (2) or (3) of this Act;

(b) in the case of a proposal that a direction should be given under section 40 of this Act with respect to any development, on the local authority or statutory undertakers applying for authorisation to carry out that development

(3) A Planning Inquiry Commission shall, for the purpose of complying with section 48(6)(b) of this Act, hold a local inquiry; and they may hold such an inquiry, if they think it necessary for the proper discharge of their functions, notwithstanding that neither the applicant nor the local planning authority desire an opportunity of appearing and being heard.

(4) Where a Planning Inquiry Commission are to hold a local inquiry under subsection (3) of this section in connection with a matter referred to them, and it appears to the responsible Minister or Ministers, in the case of some other matter falling to be determined by a Minister of the Crown and required or authorised by an enactment other than this section to be the subject of a local inquiry, that the two matters are so far cognate that they should be considered together, he or, as the case may be, they may direct that the two inquiries be held concurrently or combined as one inquiry.

(5) An inquiry held by such a commission under this section

shall be treated for the purposes of the Tribunals and Inquiries 1971 c. 62. Act 1971 as one held by a Minister in pursuance of a duty imposed by a statutory provision. 6

(6) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Govern-1933 c. 51, ment Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall apply

in relation to an inquiry held under subsection (3) of this section as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of that section, with the substitution for references to a department (other than the first reference in subsection (4» of references to the responsible Minister or Ministers.

1764

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

Part III

Appeal to

independent

tribunal.

(7) Subject to the provisions of this section and to any directions given to them by the responsible Minister or Ministers, a Planning Inquiry Commission shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

50.—(1) Provision may be made by a development order for securing that, in the case of decisions of a local planning authority of such classes as may be prescribed by the order, being decisions relating to the design or external appearance of buildings or other similar matters, any appeal under section 36 of this Act shall lie to an independent tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of that order, instead of being an appeal to the Secretary of State; and in relation to any such appeal the provisions of that section (except subsections (7) and

(8) and, in subsection (5) thereof, the references to sections 27 and 29(3) of this Act) and the provisions of section 37 of this Act shall apply, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the order, as they apply in relation to appeals to the Secretary of State under the said section 36.

(2) If any tribunal is constituted in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, the Secretary of State may pay to the chairman and members of the tribunal such remuneration, whether by way of salaries or by way of fees, and such reasonable allowances in respect of expenses properly incurred in the performance of their duties, as the Minister for the Civil Service may determine.

Orders requiring discontinuance of use or alteration or removal of buildings or works.

Additional powers of control

51.—(1) If it appears to a local planning authority that it is expedient in the interests of the proper planning of their area (including the interests of amenity), regard being had to the development plan and to any other material considerations—

(a) that any use of land should be discontinued, or that

any conditions should be imposed on the continuance of a use of land; or

(b) that any buildings or works should be altered or

removed,

the local planning authority may by order require the discontinuance of that use, or impose such conditions as may be specified in the order on the continuance thereof, or require such steps as may be so specified to be taken for the alteration or removal of the buildings or works, as the case may be. 2 * * * *

(2) An order under this section may grant planning permission

for any development of the land to which the order relates,

subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order; and

the provisions of section 45 of this Act shall apply in relation

to any planning permission granted by an order under this

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1765

section as they apply in relation to planning permission granted Part III by the local planning authority on an application made under this Part of this Act

(3) The power conferred by subsection (2) of this section shall include power, by an order under this section, to grant planning permission, subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order—

(a) for the retention, on the land to which the order relates,

of buildings or works constructed or carried out before die date on which the order was submitted to the Secretary of State; or

(b) for the continuance of a use of that land instituted before that date;

and subsection (3) of section 32 of this Act shall apply to planning permission granted by virtue of this subsection as it applies to planning permission granted in accordance with subsection (2) of that section.

(4) An order under this section shall not take effect unless it is confirmed by the Secretary of State, either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient.

(5) The power of the Secretary of State under this section to confirm an order subject to modifications shall include power—

(a) to modify any provision of the order granting planning

permission, as mentioned in subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section;

(b) to include in the order any grant of planning permis-

sion which might have been included in the order as submitted to the Secretary of State.

(6) Where a local planning authority submit an order to the Secretary of State for his confirmation under this section, that authority shall serve notice on the owner and on the occupier of the land affected, and on any other person who in their opinion will be affected by the order; and if within the period specified in that behalf in the notice (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Secretary of State, before confirming the order, shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose. 7

(7) Where an order under this section has been confirmed by the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall serve a copy of the order on the owner and occupier of the land to which the order relates.

1766

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part DI

Aggeements regulating development or use of land

(8) Where the requirements of an order under this section will involve the displacement of persons residing in any premises, it shall be the duty of the local planning authority, in so far as there is no other residential accommodation suitable to the reasonable requirements of those persons available on reasonable terms, to secure the provision of such accommodation in advance of the displacement.

(9) In the case of planning permission granted by an order under this section, the authority referred to in sections 41(l)(b) and 42(4) of this Act is the local planning authority making the order or, where the Secretary of State in confirming the order exercises his powers under subsection (5) of this section, the Secretary of State.

52.—(1) A local planning authority may enter into an agreement with any person interested in land in their area for the purpose of restricting or regulating the development or use of the land, either permanently or during such period as may be prescribed by the agreement; and any such agreement may contain such incidental and consequential provisions (including provisions of a financial character) as appear to the local planning authority to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the agreement.

(2) An agreement made under this section with any person interested in land may be enforced by the local planning authority against persons deriving title under that person in respect of that land, as if the local planning authority were possessed of adjacent land and as if the agreement had been expressed to be made for the benefit of such land.

(3) Nothing in this section or in any agreement made thereunder shall be construed—

(a) as restricting the exercise, in relation to land which

is the subject of any such agreement, of any powers exercisable by any Minister or authority under this Act so long as those powers are exercised in accordance with the provisions of the development plan, or in accordance with any directions which may have been given by the Secretary of State as to the provisions to be included in such a plan; or

(b) as requiring the exercise of any such powers otherwise

than as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection. 4

(4) The power of a local planning authority to make agreements under this section may be exercised also—

(a) in relation to land in a county district, by the council of that district;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1767

{b) in relation to land in the area of a joint planning board, by the council of the county or county borough in which the land is situated,

and references in this section to a local planning authority shall be construed accordingly.

Determination whether planning permission required

53.—(1) If any person who proposes to carry out any operations on land, or to make any change in the use of land, wishes to have it determined whether the carrying out of those operations, or the making of that change, would constitute or involve development of the land, and, if so, whether an application for planning permission in respect thereof is required under this Part of this Act, having regard to the provisions of the development order, he may, either as part of an application for planning permission, or without any such application, apply to the local planning authority to determine that question.

(2) The provisions of sections 24, 29(1), 31(1), 34(1) and (3) and 35 to 37 of this Act shall, subject to any necessary modifications, apply in relation to any application under this section, and to the determination thereof, as they apply in relation to applications for planning permission and to the determination of such applications.

Part IV

Additional Control in Special Cases Buildings of special architectural or historic interest

54.—(1) For the purposes of this Act and with a view to the guidance of local planning authorities in the performance of their functions under this Act in relation to buildings of special architectural or historic interest, the Secretary of State shall compile lists of such buildings, or approve, with or without modifications, such lists compiled by other persons or bodies of persons, and may amend any list so compiled or approved. 2

(2) In considering whether to include a building in a list compiled or approved under this section, the Secretary of State may take into account not only the building itself but also—

(a) any respect in which its exterior contributes to the

architectural or historic interest of any group of buildings of which it forms part; and

(b) the desirability of preserving, on the ground of its

architectural or historic interest, any feature of the

Part III

Applications

to determine

whether

planning

permission

required.

Lists of buildings of special architectural or historic interest.

1768

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

1925 c. 22.

building consisting of a man-made object or structure fixed to the building or forming part of the land and comprised within the curtilage of the building.

(3) Before compiling or approving, with or without modifications, any list under this section, or amending any list thereunder the Secretary of State shall consult with such persons or bodies of persons as appear to him appropriate as having special knowledge of, or interest in, buildings of architectural or historic interest.

(4) As soon as may be after any list has been compiled or approved under this section, or any amendments of such a list have been made, a copy of so much of the list as relates to any county borough, London borough or county district, or of so much of the amendments as relates thereto, as the case may be, certified by or on behalf of the Secretary of State to be a true copy thereof, shall be deposited with the clerk of the council of that borough or district, and also, where that council is not the local planning authority, with the clerk of the local planning authority.

(5) A copy of anything required by subsection (4) of this section to be deposited with the clerk of a London borough shall be deposited also with the clerk of the Greater London Council.

(6) Any copy deposited under subsection (4) of this section shall be registered in the register of local land charges in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this section under section 15(6) of the Land Charges Act 1925 by the proper officer of the council of the county borough, London borough or county district.

(7) As soon as may be after the inclusion of any building in a list under this section, whether on the compilation or approval of the list or by the amendment thereof, or as soon as may be after any such list has been amended by the exclusion of any building therefrom, the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in whose area the building is situated, on being informed of the fact by the Secretary of State, shall serve a notice in the prescribed form on every owner and occupier of the building, stating that the building has been included in, or excluded from, the list, as the case may be.

(8) The Secretary of State shall keep available for public inspection, free of charge at reasonable hours and at a convenient place, copies of all lists and amendments of lists compiled, approved or made by him under this section ; and every authority with whose clerk copies of any list or amendments are deposited

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1769

under this section shall similarly keep available copies of so pam iy much of any such list or amendment as relates to buildings within their area.

(9) In this Act " listed building " means a building which is for the time being included in a list compiled or approved by the Secretary of State under this section; and, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to listed buildings and building preservation notices, any object or structure fixed to a building, or forming part of the land and comprised within the curtilage of a building, shall be treated as part of the building.

(10) Every building which immediately before 1st January 1969 was subject to a building preservation order under Part III of the Act of 1962 but was not then included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of that Act, shall be deemed to be a listed building; but the Secretary of State may at any time direct, in the case of any building, that this subsection shall no longer apply to it and the council of the county borough,

London borough or county district in whose area the building is situated, on being notified of the Secretary of State’s direction, shall give notice of it to the owner and occupier of the building.

(11) Before giving a direction under subsection (10) of this section in relation to a building, the Secretary of State shall consult with the local planning authority and with the owner and the occupier of the building.

55.—(1) Subject to this Part of this Act, if a person executes Control of or causes to be executed any works for the demolition of a listed works for building or for its alteration or extension in any manner which demolition, would affect its character as a building of special architectural or historic interest, and the works are not authorised under this fiste<i Part of this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence. buildings.

(2) Works for the demolition of a listed building, or for its alteration or extension, are authorised under this Part of this Act only if—

(a) the local planning authority or the Secretary of State

have granted written consent (in this Act referred to as "listed building consent") for the execution of the works and the works are executed in accordance with the terms of the consent and of any conditions attached to the consent under section 56 of this Act; and

(b) in the case of demolition, notice of the proposal to

execute the works has been given to the Royal Commission and thereafter either—

(i) for a period of at least one month following the grant of listed building consent, and before the commencement of the works, reasonable access to the building has been made available to members

1770

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

Provisions supplementary to s. 55.

c. 78

or officers of the Commission for the purpose of recording it; or (ii) the Commission have, by their Secretary or other officer of theirs with authority to act on the Commission’s behalf for the purposes of this section, stated in writing that they have completed their recording of the building or that they do not wish to record it.

(3) In subsection (2) of this section " the Royal Commission " means, in relation to England, the Royal Commission on Historical Monuments (England) and, in relation to Wales, the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments (Wales and Monmouthshire); but the Secretary of State may, in relation to either England or Wales, or both, by order provide that the said subsection shall, in the case of works executed or to be executed on or after such date as may be specified in the order, have effect with the substitution for the reference to the Royal Commission of a reference to such other body as may be so specified.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, if a person executing or causing to be executed any works in relation to a listed building under a listed building consent fails to comply with any condition attached to the consent under section 56 of this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding £250, or both; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding twelve months or a fine, or both;

and, in determining the amount of any fine to be imposed on a person convicted on indictment, the court shall in particular have regard to any financial benefit which has accrued or appears likely to accrue to him in consequence of the offence.

(6) In proceedings for an offence under this section it shall be a defence to prove that the works were urgently necessary in the interests of safety or health, or for the preservation of the building, and that notice in writing of the need for the works was given to the local planning authority as soon as reasonably practicable.

56.—(1) Section 55 of this Act shall not apply to works for the demolition, alteration or extension of—

(a) an ecclesiastical building which is for the time being used for ecclesiastical purposes or would be so used but for the works; or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1771

(b) a building which is the subject of a scheme or order

under the enactments for the time being in force with respect to ancient monuments; or

(c) a building for the time being included in a list of

monuments published by the Secretary of State under any such enactment.

For the purposes of this subsection, a building used or available for use by a minister of religion wholly or mainly as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office shall be treated as not being an ecclesiastical building.

(2) Where, on an application in that behalf, planning permission is granted, or has been granted since the end of 1968, and—

(a) the development for which the permission is or was

granted includes the carrying out of any works for the alteration or extension of a listed building; and

(b) the planning permission or any condition subject to

which it is or was granted is or was so framed as expressly to authorise the execution of the works (describing them),

the planning permission shall operate as listed building consent in respect of those works; but, except as provided by this subsection, the grant of planning permission for any development shall not make it unnecessary for such consent to be obtained in respect of any works to which section 55 of this Act applies.

(3) In considering whether to grant planning permission for development which consists in or includes works for the alteration or extension of a listed building, and in considering whether to grant listed building consent for any works, the local planning authority or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, shall have special regard to the desirability of preserving the building or any features of special architectural or historic interest which it possesses. 4

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of section 29 of this Act, the conditions which may under that subsection be attached to a grant of planning permission shall, in the case of such development as is referred to in subsection (2) of this section, include conditions with respect to—

(a) the preservation of particular features of the building, either as part of it or after severance therefrom;

(h) the making good, after the works are completed, of any damage caused to the building by the works;

(c) the reconstruction of the building or any part of it

following the execution of any works, with the use of original materials so far as practicable and with

Part IV

1772

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

Acts causing or likely to result in damage to listed buildings.

Building preservation notice in respect of building not listed.

such alterations of the interior of the building as may be specified in the conditions.

(5) Listed building consent may be granted either unconditionally or subject to conditions, which may include such conditions as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(6) Part I of Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect with respect to applications to local planning authorities for listed building consent, the reference of such applications to the Secretary of State and appeals against decisions on such applications ; and Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the revocation of listed building consent by a local planning authority or the Secretary of State.

57. —(1) Where a building, not being a building excluded by section 56(1) of this Act from the operation of section 55, is included in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act, then, if any person who, but for this section, would be entitled to do so, does or permits the doing of any act which causes or is likely to result in damage to the building (other than an act for the execution of excepted works) and he does or permits it with the intention of causing such damage, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section " excepted works " means works authorised by planning permission granted or deemed to be granted in pursuance of an application under this Act and works for which listed building consent has been given under this Act.

(3) Where a person convicted of an offence under this section fails to take such reasonable steps as may be necessary to prevent any damage or further damage resulting from the offence, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20 for each day on which the failure continues.

58. —(1) If it appears to the local planning authority, in the case of a building in their area which is not a listed building, that it is of special architectural or historic interest and is in danger of demolition or of alteration in such a way as to affect its character as such, they may (subject to subsection (2) of this section) serve on the owner and occupier of the building a notice (in this section referred to as a " building preservation notice ")—

(a) stating that the building appears to them to be of special architectural or historic interest and that they have requested the Secretary of State to consider including it in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1773

(b) explaining the effect of subsections (3) and (4) of this section.

(2) A building preservation notice shall not be served in respect of an excepted building, that is to say—

(a) an ecclesiastical building which is for the time being used for ecclesiastical purposes; or

(b) a building which is the subject of a scheme or order under the enactments for the time being in force with respect to ancient monuments; or

(c) a building for the time being included in a list of

monuments published by the Secretary of State under any such enactment.

For the purposes of this subsection, a building used or available for use by a minister of religion wholly or mainly as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office shall be treated as not being an ecclesiastical building.

(3) A building preservation notice shall come into force as soon as it has been served on both the owner and occupier of the building to which it relates and shall remain in force for six months from the date when it is served or, as the case may be, last served; but it shall cease to be in force if, before Hie expiration of that period, the Secretary of State either includes the building in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act or notifies the local planning authority in writing that he does not intend to do so.

(4) While a building preservation notice is in force with respect to a building, the provisions of this Act (other than section 57) shall have effect in relation to it as if the building were a listed building; and if the notice ceases to be in force (otherwise than by reason of the building being included in a list compiled or approved under the said section 54) the provisions of Part III of Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect with respect to things done or occurring under the notice or with reference to the building being treated as listed. 5

(5) If, following the service of a building preservation notice, the Secretary of State notifies the local planning authority that he does not propose to include the building in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act, the authority—

(a) shall forthwith give notice of the Secretary of State’s

decision to the owner and occupier of the building; and

(b) shall not, within the period of twelve months beginning

with the date of the Secretary of State’s notification, serve another such notice in respect of the said building.

Part IV

1774

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV Planning permission to include appropriate provision for preservation and planting of trees.

Tree

preservation

orders.

Trees

59. It shall be the duty of the local planning authority—

(a) to ensure, whenever it is appropriate, that in granting

planning permission for any development adequate provision is made, by the imposition of conditions, for the preservation or planting of trees; and (b) to make such orders under section 60 of this Act as appear to the authority to be necessary in connection with the grant of such permission, whether for giving effect to such conditions or otherwise.

60. —(1) If it appears to a local planning authority that it is expedient in the interests of amenity to make provision for the preservation of trees or woodlands in their area, they may for that purpose make an order (in this Act referred to as a " tree preservation order ") with respect to such trees, groups of trees or woodlands as may be specified in the order; and, in particular, provision may be made by any such order—

(a) for prohibiting (subject to any exemptions for which provision may be made by the order) the cutting down, topping, lopping or wilful destruction of trees except with the consent of the local planning authority, and for enabling that authority to give their consent subject to conditions;

(b) for securing the replanting, in such manner as may be prescribed by or under the order, of any part of a woodland area which is felled in the course of forestry operations permitted by or under the order;

(c) for applying, in relation to any consent under the order, and to applications for such consent, any of the provisions of this Act falling within subsection (2) of this section, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the order. 2 3 * * *

(2) References in this Act to provisions thereof falling within this subsection are references to—

(a) the provisions of Part III of this Act relating to planning permission and to applications for planning permission, except sections 25, 26, 27, 28, 29(2) to (6), 34(2), 38, 39, 41 to 44 and 47 to 49 of this Act; and (b) such of the provisions of Part IX of this Act as are therein stated to be provisions falling within this subsection;

(c) section 270 of this Act.

(3) A tree preservation order may be made so as to apply,

in relation to trees to be planted pursuant to any such conditions

as are mentioned in section 59(a) of this Act, as from the time

when those trees are planted.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1775

(4) Except as provided under subsection (5)(c) of this section Part IV and in section 61 of this Act. a tree preservation order shall

not take effect until it is confirmed by the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State may confirm any such order either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient.

(5) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act with respect to the form of tree preservation orders, and the procedure to be followed in connection with the submission and confirmation of such orders; and the regulations may (without prejudice to die generality of this subsection) make provision as follows—

(a) that, before a tree preservation order is submitted to the

Secretary of State for confirmation, notice of the making of the order shall be given to the owners and occupiers of land affected by the order and to such other persons, if any, as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) that objections and representations with respect to the

order, if duly made in accordance with the regulations, shall be considered before the order is confirmed by the Secretary of State;

(c) that, if no objections or representations are so made,

or if any so made are withdrawn, the order, instead of requiring the confirmation of the Secretary of State in accordance with subsection (4) of this section, may be confirmed (but without any modification), as an unopposed order, by the authority who made it; and

id) that copies of the order, when confirmed by the Secretary of State or the authority, shall be served on such persons as may be specified in the regulations.

(6) Without prejudice to any other exemptions for which provision may be made by a tree preservation order, no such order shall apply to the cutting down, topping or lopping of trees which are dying or dead or have become dangerous, or the cutting down, topping or lopping of any trees in compliance with any obligations imposed by or under an Act of Parliament or so far as may be necessary for the prevention or abatement of a nuisance. 7

(7) In relation to land in respect of which the Forestry Commissioners have made advances under section 4 of the Forestry

Act 1967 or in respect of which there is in force a forestry 1967 c. 10. dedication covenant entered into with the Commissioners under section 5 of that Act, a tree preservation order may be made only if—

(a) there is not in force in respect of the land a plan of operations or other working plan approved by the Commissioners under such a covenant; and

1776

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

1967 c. 10.

1958 c. 69.

Provisional

tree

preservation

orders.

(b) the Commissioners consent to the making of the order.

(8) Where a tree preservation order is made in respect of land to which subsection (7) of this section applies, the order shall not have effect so as to prohibit, or to require any consent for, the cutting down of a tree in accordance with a plan of operations or other working plan approved by the Forestry Commissioners, and for the time being in force, under such a covenant as is mentioned in that subsection or under a woodlands scheme made under the powers contained in the said Act of 1967.

(9) In the preceding provisions of this section references to provisions of the Forestry Act 1967 include references to the corresponding provisions (replaced by that Act) in the Forestry Acts 1919 to 1951.

(10) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions—

(a) of section 2(4) of the Opencast Coal Act 1958 (land

comprised in an authorisation under that Act which is affected by a tree preservation order); and

(b) of section 15 of the Forestry Act 1967 (licences under

that Act to fell trees comprised in a tree preservation order).

61.—(1) If it appears to a local planning authority that a tree preservation order proposed to be made by that authority should take effect immediately without previous confirmation, they may include in the order as made by them a direction that this section shall apply to the order. 2 3

(2) Notwithstanding section 60(4) of this Act, an order which contains such a direction shall take effect provisionally on such date as may be specified therein and shall continue in force by virtue of this section until—

(a) the expiration of a period of six months beginning with

the date on which the order was made; or

(b) the date on which the order is confirmed or, in the

case of an order which can be confirmed only by the Secretary of State, on which he notifies the authority who made the order that he does not propose to confirm it,

whichever first occurs.

(3) Provision shall be made by regulations under this Act for securing—

(a) that the notices to be given of the making of a tree preservation order containing a direction under this section shall include a statement of the effect of the direction; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1777

(b) that where the Secretary of State, in the case of an order Part IV which can be confirmed only by him, within the period of six months referred to in subsection (2) of this section, notifies the authority that he does not propose to confirm the order, copies of that notice shall be served on the owners and occupiers of the land to which the order related.

62. —(1) If any tree in respect of which a tree preservation Replacement order is for the time being in force, other than a tree to which of trees, the order applies as part of a woodland, is removed or destroyed

in contravention of the order or is removed or destroyed or dies at a time when its cutting down is authorised only by virtue of the provisions of section 60(6) of this Act relating to trees which are dying or dead or have become dangerous, it shall be the duty of the owner of the land, unless on his application the local planning authority dispense with this requirement, to plant another tree of an appropriate size and species at the same place as soon as he reasonably can.

(2) In relation to any tree planted pursuant to this section, the relevant tree preservation order shall apply as it applied to the original tree.

(3) The duty imposed by subsection (1) of this section on the owner of any land shall attach to the person who is from time to time the owner of the land and may be enforced as provided by section 103 of this Act and not otherwise.

Advertisements

63. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, provision control of shall be made by regulations under this Act for restricting or advertisements, regulating the display of advertisements so far as appears to

the Secretary of State to be expedient in the interests of amenity or public safety.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, any such regulations may provide—

(a) for regulating the dimensions, appearance and position

of advertisements which may be displayed, the sites on which advertisements may be displayed, and the manner in which they are to be affixed to the land;

(b) for requiring the consent of the local planning authority

to be obtained for the display of advertisements, or of advertisements of any class specified in the regulations;

(c) for applying, in relation to any such consent and to

applications for such consent, any of the provisions of this Act falling within section 60(2) thereof, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the regulations;

1778

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

id) for the constitution, for the purposes of the regulations, of such advisory committees as may be prescribed by the regulations, and for determining the manner in which the expenses of any such committee are to be defrayed.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of this section may make different provision with respect to different areas, and in particular may make special provision with respect to areas defined for the purposes of the regulations as areas of special control, being either rural areas or areas other than rural areas which appear to the Secretary of State to require special protection on grounds of amenity; and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection, the regulations may prohibit the display in any such area of all advertisements except advertisements of such classes (if any) as may be specified in the regulations.

(4) Areas of special control for the purposes of regulations under this section may be defined by means of orders made or approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of the regulations.

(5) Where the Secretary of State is authorised by the regulations to make or approve any such order as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section, the regulations shall provide for the publication of notice of the proposed order in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations, for the consideration of objections duly made thereto, and for the holding of such inquiries or other hearings as may be so prescribed, before the order is made or approved.

(6) Regulations made under this section may be made so as to apply to advertisements which are being displayed on the date on which the regulations come into force, or to the use for the display of the advertisements of any site which was being used for that purpose on that date; but any regulations made in accordance with this subsection shall provide for exempting therefrom—

(a) the continued display of any such advertisement; and

(b) the continued use for the display of advertisements of

any such site,

during such period as may be prescribed in that behalf by the regulations, and different periods may be so prescribed for the purposes of different provisions of the regulations.

(7) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by the preceding provisions of this section, regulations made for the purposes of this section may provide that any appeal from the decision of the local planning authority, on an application for their consent under the regulations, shall be to an independent tribunal constituted in accordance with the regu-

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1779

lations, instead of being an appeal to the Secretary of State; Part IV and subsection (2) of section 50 of this Act shall apply to any tribunal so constituted as it applies to any tribunal constituted in accordance with subsection (1) of that section.

64. Where the display of advertisements in accordance with Application regulations made under section 63 of this Act involves de-velopment of land, planning permission for that development necded for shall be deemed to be granted by virtue of this section, and no advertisements application shall be necessary in that behalf under Part III of complying this Act. with regu-

lations.

Waste land

65.—(1) If it appears to a local planning authority -that the Proper amenity of any part of their area, or of any adjoining area, is maintenance^ seriously injured by the condition of any garden, vacant site or 01 waste ]ana' other open land in their area, then, subject to any directions given by the Secretary of State, the authority may serve on the owner and occupier of the land a notice requiring such steps for abating the injury as may be specified in the notice to be taken within such period as may be so specified.

(2) Subject to the provisions of Part V of this Act, a notice under this section shall take effect at the end of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days after the service thereof) as may be specified in the notice.

Industrial development

66.—(1) In this Part of this Act " industrial building " means Meaning of a building used or designed for use— " industrial

(a) for the carrying on of any process for or incidental to building ".

any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(i) the making of any article or of part of any article; or

(ii) the altering, repairing, ornamenting, finishing, cleaning, washing, freezing, packing or canning, or adapting for sale, or breaking up or demolition, of any article; or

(iii) without prejudice to the preceding sub-paragraphs, the getting, dressing or preparation for sale of minerals or the extraction or preparation for sale of oil or brine;

(b) for the carrying on of scientific research,

being a process or research carried on in the course of a trade or business.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, premises which—

(a) are used or designed for use for providing services or facilities ancillary to the use of other premises for the

1780

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IV

Industrial

development

certificates.

carrying on of any such process or research as is mentioned in that subsection; and ib)are or are to be comprised in the same building or the same curtilage as those other premises,

shall themselves be treated as used or designed for use for the carrying on of such a process or, as the case may be, of such research.

(3) In this section—

" article" means an article of any description, including a ship or vessel;

" building " includes a part of a building;

"scientific research" means any activity in the fields of natural or applied science for the extension of knowledge.

67.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and of section 68 of this Act, an application to the local planning authority for permission to develop land by—

(a) the erection thereon of an industrial building of one of

the prescribed classes; or

(b) a change of use whereby premises, not being an indus-

trial building of one of the prescribed classes, will become such an industrial building,

shall be of no effect unless a certificate (in this Act referred to as an " industrial development certificate ") is issued under this section by the Secretary of State, certifying that the development in question can be carried out consistently with the proper distribution of industry, and a copy of the certificate is furnished to the local planning authority together with the application.

(2) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, an industrial development certificate shall be required for the purposes of an application for planning permission made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act if the circumstances are such that, in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, such a certificate would have been required if the application had been for planning permission to construct the building, or to institute the use of land, which the application seeks permission to retain or continue or (as the case may be) seeks permission to retain or continue without complying with a condition previously imposed, and the provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that application accordingly. 3

(3) In considering whether any development for which an industrial development certificate is applied for can be carried out consistently with the proper distribution of industry, the Secretary of State shall have particular regard to the need for providing appropriate employment in development areas.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1781

(4) An industrial development certificate shall not be required part IV for the extension of an industrial building if the extension, taken

by itself, would not be an industrial building of one of the prescribed classes, but (subject to the provisions of section 68 of this Act) an industrial development certificate shall be required for the extension of any building if the extension, taken by itself, would be such an industrial building.

(5) An industrial development certificate shall not be required for the purposes of an application for planning permission to retain a building or continue a use of land after the end of any period specified in, or otherwise without complying with, a condition subject to which a previous planning permission was granted if the condition in question is not one subject to which the previous planning permission was granted in accordance with the provisions of section 70 of this Act or subject to which that planning permission is by virtue of that section deemed to have been granted.

(6) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to any provisions for restricting the granting of planning permission by local planning authorities which are included in a development order by virtue of section 31(1) of this Act.

(7) In this section—

" the prescribed classes" means such classes or descriptions of industrial buildings as may be prescribed by regulations made for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of State;

"development area" means any area for the time being

specified as such under section 15 of the Industrial 1966 c. 34. Development Act 1966, and subsection (6) of that section (which provides for references to a development area in certain provisions to have effect as if certain localities outside that area were included therein) shall apply to any such reference in this section;

and any reference to an application made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act includes a reference to an application which by virtue of section 88(7) or 95(6) of this Act is deemed to have been made for such planning permission as is mentioned in the said section 88(7) or, as the case may be, the said section 95(6).

68.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in section 67 of this Act, Exemption of but subject to section 69 of this Act, an industrial development c?rtain certificate shall not be required if the industrial floor space to teveSpment. be created by the development in question (in this section referred to as " the proposed development "), together with any

pt.ra c

1782

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV other industrial floor space created or to be created by any related development, does not exceed 5,000 square feet, excluding, where an industrial development certificate has been issued in respect of any related development, any floor space created or to be created by that development or by development carried out, or for which planning permission has been granted, before the issue of that certificate.

(2) Regulations made for the purposes of section 67 of this Act by the Secretary of State may direct that no industrial development certificate shall be required in respect of the erection, in any area prescribed by or under the regulations, of industrial buildings of any such class or description as may be so prescribed, or in respect of a change of use whereby premises in any such area, not being an industrial building of a class or description so prescribed, will become an industrial building of such a class or description.

(3) In this section " industrial floor space " means floor space comprised in an industrial building or industrial buildings of any of the prescribed classes.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section development shall, in relation to an application for planning permission (in this section referred to as " the relevant application "), be taken to be " related development " if—

(a) it related, or is to relate, to the same building as that

to which the proposed development is to relate (in this subsection referred to as the "relevant building"); or

(b) it related, or is to relate, to a building which is, or is

to be, contiguous or adjacent to the relevant building, and it was, or is to be, development comprised in, or for the purposes of, the same scheme or project or for the purposes of the same undertaking as the proposed development,

and (in either case) it fulfils one or other of the conditions mentioned in subsection (5) of this section.

(5) The said conditions are—

(a) that it is development for which, before the date of

the relevant application, planning permission has been granted by a planning decision made on or after 1st April 1960;

(b) that it is development which has been initiated on or

after 1st April 1960 but before the date of the relevant application and is not development for which planning permission has been granted by a planning decision made on or after 1st April 1960;

Town and Country Planning Act

1783

c. 78

(c) that it is development in respect of which an application Part IV to the local planning authority for planning permission either is pending on the date of the relevant application or is made on that date.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5)(c) of this section, an application is pending on a particular date if—

(a) it is made before that date and not withdrawn; and

(b) no planning decision on that application has been made

before that date.

(7) In subsection (4) of this section and in this subsection "building" does not include a part of a building; and any reference in subsection (4) of this section to development relating to a building is a reference to the erection, extension, alteration or re-ereotion of the building or a change of use of the whole or part of the building.

(8) In this section "the prescribed classes" has the same meaning as in section 67 of this Act.

69.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order direct that Power to subsection (1) of section 68 of this Act shall be amended by vary exemption substituting, for the number of square feet specified in the ?""lt subsection as originally enacted or as previously amended under fl^or space, this subsection, such number of square feet as may be specified in the order being not less than 1,000 square feet. 2 3 4

(2) Any amendment made by an order under this section may be made so as to have effect either in relation to the whole of England and Wales or in relation only to a part of England and Wales specified in the order.

(3) Any amendment made by such an order shall have effect—

(a) in relation to applications for planning permission relat-

ing to land in any area to which the order applies which are made on or after the date on which the order comes into operation; and

(b) in relation to applications relating to land in such an

area which have been made before that date, other than any application on which a planning decision has been made before that date.

(4) Where in accordance with subsection (3) of this section an amendment made by such an order has effect in relation to an application for planning permission made before the date on which the order comes into operation, so much of section 67(1) of this Act as requires a copy of an industrial development certificate to be furnished to the local planning authority together with the application shall have effect in relation to that applica-

pt. in c 2

1784

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

Restrictions or conditions attached to certificates.

tion with the substitution, for the words "together with the application", of the wordis "as soon as practicable after the certificate is issued

(5) In this section any reference to land in any area to which an order under this section applies shall be construed as a reference to land of which any part is in that area.

70.—(1) An industrial development certificate in respect of any development may be issued subject to such restrictions on the making of an application for planning permission for that development (whether as to the period within which, or the persons by whom, such an application may be made, or otherwise) as the Secretary of State considers appropriate having regard to the proper distribution of industry; and where an industrial development certificate in respect of any development is issued subject to any such restrictions, and an application for planning permission for that development is made which does not comply with those restrictions, file provisions of section 67 of this Act shall apply in relation to that application as if no such certificate had been issued.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, an industrial development certificate may be issued either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State considers appropriate having regard to the proper distribution of industry; and any reference in this section to conditions attached to an industrial development certificate is a reference to conditions subject to which such a certificate is issued.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2) of this section, conditions may be attached to an industrial development certificate—

(a) for requiring the removal of any building or the discon-

tinuance of any use of land to which the certificate relates at the end of a specified period and the carrying out of any works required for the reinstatement of land at the end of that period ;

(b) restricting the amount of office floor space (as defined

in section 85 of this Act) to be contained in any building to which the certificate relates, or precluding it from containing any office floor space (as so defined);

and conditions of the kind mentioned in paragraph ib) of this subsection may be framed so as to apply (either or both) to the building as originally erected or as subsequently extended or altered. 4

(4) In so far as any of the conditions attached to an industrial development certificate are of such a description that (apart from this section) they could not have been imposed under this Act,

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1785

this Act shall apply in relation to any application for planning part IV permission for the purposes of which that certificate is required, and to any planning permission granted on such an application, as if the powers conferred by this Act included power to impose conditions of that description.

(5) Where conditions are attached to an industrial development certificate, and, on an application for planning permission for the purposes of which that certificate is required, planning permission is granted, the authority granting the permission shall grant it subject to those conditions, with or without other conditions.

(6) Planning permission to which subsection (5) of this section applies shall not be invalid by reason only that the requirements of that subsection are not complied with; but where any such planning permission is granted without complying with the requirements of that subsection the planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the industrial development certificate, or (if any other conditions were imposed by the authority granting the permission) to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the certificate in addition to the other conditions.

71.—(1) This section applies to any condition subject to which Provisions as planning permission is granted in accordance with the provisions to conditions of section 70 of this Act, or subject to which planning permission ^§£^70 is by virtue of that section deemed to have been granted, whether it is a condition which could have been imposed apart from that section or not.

(2) If the planning permission is or was granted by the local planning authority, the Secretary of State shall not be required to entertain an appeal under section 36 of this Act from the decision of the local planning authority, in so far as that decision relates or related to any condition to which this section applies.

(3) If any condition imposed by an authority granting planning permission is inconsistent with any condition to which this section applies, the last-mentioned condition shall prevail so far as it is inconsistent with the condition so imposed. 4

(4) Where on an application made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act (as modified by section 67 of this Act) planning permission is granted (either unconditionally or subject to conditions) for a building to be retained, or a use of a building to be continued, without complying with a condition to which this section applies (that condition being one subject to which a previous planning permission was granted or is deemed to have

pt.ra c 3

1786

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV been granted), nothing in section 70 of this Act or in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed as preventing the subsequent planning permission from operating so as to extinguish or modify that condition, as the case may be.

Provision for cases where certificate withheld.

72.—(1) Where such an application as is mentioned in subsection (1) or (2) of section 67 of this Act is, by virtue of those subsections, of no effect by reason that the requirements of those subsections are not fulfilled, the local planning authority shall consider whether, if those requirements had been fulfilled, they would nevertheless have refused the permission sought by the application, either in respect of the whole or in respect of part of the land to which the application relates; and if they are of the opinion that they would so have refused that permission, they shall serve on the applicant a notice in writing to that effect.

(2) Where a notice is served under subsection (1) of this section in respect of the whole or part of any land, it shall operate, for the purposes of sections 38 and 39 of this Act, as if the application for planning permission had been an effective application and the notice had been a planning decision of the local planning authority refusing that permission in respect of that land or that part thereof, as the case may be; and the provisions of those sections (if in those circumstances they would have been applicable) shall have effect accordingly.

Meaning of " office premises *.

Office development

73.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in these provisions "office premises" means premises falling within either of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) premises whose sole or principal use is to be use as an

office or for office purposes;

(b) premises to be occupied together with premises falling

within the preceding paragraph and to be so occupied wholly or mainly for the purposes of the activities to be carried on in the last-mentioned premises. 2

(2) Where, in relation to an application for planning permission for the erection of a building, or in relation to a grant of such planning permission, it falls to be determined, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, what is to be the sole or principal use of any premises to be contained in the building, regard shall be had—

(a) in the case of an application for planning permission, to the proposed use (as indicated in the application) of the building or of different parts of the building; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1787

(b) in the case of a grant of planning permission, to the purposes specified in the planning permission as those for which the building, or different parts of the building, may be used.

(3) Where, in relation to an application for planning permission for the extension or alteration of a building, or in relation to a grant of such planning permission, it falls to be determined, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, what is to be the sole or principal use of any premises which are to be added to the building or altered within it (in this subsection referred to as " the new premises "), regard shall be had—

(a) in the case of an application for planning permission,

to the proposed use (as indicated in the application) of the new premises; and

(b) in the case of a grant of planning permission, to the

purposes specified in the planning permission as those for which the new premises may be used.

(4) For the purposes of the application of these provisions in relation to development in so far as it consists of a change in the use of land " office premises " (subject to the following provisions of this section) means premises falling within either of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) premises whose sole or principal use is as an office or

for office purposes;

(b) premises occupied together with premises falling within

the preceding paragraph and so occupied wholly or mainly for the purposes of the activities carried on in the last-mentioned premises;

and for the purposes of paragraph (a) of this subsection any question as to sole or principal use, in relation to premises contained in a building, shall be determined by reference to those premises alone and not by reference to the building taken as a whole.

(5) In this section " office purposes " includes the purposes of administration, clerical work, handling money, telephone and telegraph operating and the operation of computers, and " clerical work " includes writing, book-keeping, sorting papers, filing, typing, duplicating, punching cards or tapes, machine calculating, drawing and the editorial preparation of matter for publication.

(6) The Secretary of State may by order provide that premises of any description specified in the order, or premises used or to be used for any purposes so specified, shall not be office premises for the purposes of these provisions.

Pt. m c 4

Part IV

1788

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

Office

development

permits.

(7) In this section, in sections 74 to 86 of this Act and in Schedule 12 to this Act " these provisions " means the provisions of this section, of those sections, of that Schedule and of Schedule 13 to this Act.

74.—(1) Subject to these provisions, an application to the local planning authority for planning permission to carry out, on land within an area to which these provisions apply, any development to which these provisions apply, that is to say, any development of land which consists of or includes—

(a) the erection of a building containing office premises; or

(b) the extension or alteration of a building by the addition

of, or the conversion of premises into, office premises; or

(c) a change of use whereby premises which are not office

premises become office premises, shall be of no effect unless a permit (in these provisions referred to as an " office development permit ") in respect of that development is issued under these provisions by the Secretary of State, and a copy of the permit is furnished to the local planning authority together with the application.

(2) An office development permit shall be required for the purposes of an application for planning permission made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act if the circumstances are such that, in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, such a permit would have been required if the application had been for planning permission to construct or carry out the building or works, or to institute the use of land, which the application seeks permission to retain or continue or (as the case may be) seeks permission to retain or continue without complying with a condition previously imposed, and subsections (1) and (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to that application accordingly.

(3) In exercising his discretion to issue or withhold office development permits, the Secretary of State shall have particular regard to the need for promoting the better distribution of employment in Great Britain.

(4) The areas to which these provisions apply are—

{a) the metropolitan region;

(b) any area in Great Britain outside the metropolitan region which is for the time being designated for the purposes of this paragraph by an order made by the Secretary of State:

Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time by order direct that the metropolitan region, or a part of that region specified in the order, shall cease to be, or to be included in, an area to which these provisions apply.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1789

75*—(1) Notwithstanding anything in section 74 of this Act, Part IV an office development permit shall not be required for the Exemption by purposes of an application for planning permission to carry reference to out any development (in this section referred to as " the proposed office floor development ") if the office floor space to be created by the spacc* proposed development, together with any office floor space created or to be created by any related development, does not exceed the prescribed exemption limit.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section development shall, in relation to an application for planning permission (in this section referred to as " the relevant application "), be taken to be " related development " if—

(a) it related, or is to relate, to the same building as that to

which the proposed development is to relate (in this subsection referred to as the " relevant building "); or

(b) it related, or is to relate, to a building which Is, or is to

be, contiguous or adjacent to the relevant building, and it was, or is to be, development comprised in, or for the purposes of, the same scheme or project or for the purposes of the same undertaking as the proposed development,

and (in either case) it fulfils one or other of the conditions mentioned in subsection (3) or (4) of this section, as the case may be, and is not excluded by subsection (5) or (6) of this section.

(3) The said conditions, in relation to land within the metropolitan region, are—

(a) that it is development for which, before the date of the

relevant application, planning permission has been granted by a planning decision made on or after 5th November 1964 (whether before or after the passing of this Act);

(б) that it is development (not falling within the preceding

paragraph) which has (whether before or after the passing of this Act) been initiated on or after 5th November 1964 but before the date of the relevant application and is not development for which planning permission was granted by a planning decision made before 5 th November 1964;

(c) that it is development in respect of which an application

to the local planning authority for planning permission either is pending on the date of the relevant application or is made on that date.

1790

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV (4) The said conditions, in relation to land within an area to which these provisions apply outside the metropolitan region, are—

(a) that it is development for which, before the date of the relevant application, planning permission has been granted by a planning decision made on or after the specified date;

(b) that it is development (not falling within the preceding paragraph) which has been initiated on or after the specified date but before the date of the relevant application and is not development for which planning permission was (whether before or after the passing of this Act) granted by a planning decision made before the specified date;

(c) that it is development in respect of which an application to the local planning authority for planning permission either is pending on the date of the relevant application or is made on that date,

and in this subsection " the specified date ", in relation to an area, means such date (not being earlier than the date on which the order comes into operation) as may be specified in the order designating that area as an area to which these provisions apply.

(5) Where, before the date of the relevant application, an office development permit has been issued in respect of development which, apart from this subsection, would be related development for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the development in respect of which the permit was issued; and

(b) any other development which was carried out before the issue of that permit, or for which planning permission was granted by a planning decision made before the issue of that permit,

shall not be taken to be related development for those purposes.

(6) Development in respect of which there has been issued by the Secretary of State an industrial development certificate with conditions attached to it by virtue of section 70(3 of this Act shall not be taken to be related development for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section. 7

(7) In this section " the prescribed exemption limit ", subject to subsection (8) of this section, means 3,000 square feet; any reference to development relating to a building is a reference to development consisting of or including the erection, extension or alteration of the building or a change of use of the whole or part of the building; and any reference to an application pending on a particular date is a reference to an application

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

made before that date and not withdrawn, where no planning decision on that application has been made before that date.

(8) The Secretary of State may by order direct that such number of square feet (whether greater or less than 3,000 but not less than 1,000) as may be specified in the order shall be the prescribed exemption limit for the purposes of this section, either generally or in relation to any particular area to which these provisions apply in accordance with section 74(4) of this Act or in relation to any particular part of such an area.

76. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section and to paragraph 3 of Schedule 12 to this Act, these provisions shall have effect without prejudice to the operation of sections 67 and 68 of this Act; and, where these provisions and those sections are applicable to the same application for planning permission, the requirements of both must be complied with.

(2) Compliance with section 74(1) of this Act shall not be required in respect of an application for planning permission for the development of land in any manner specified in section 67(1) of this Act if—

(a) no office premises will result from the development

except such as are comprised within the curtilage of an industrial building and are used or designed for use for providing services or facilities ancillary to the use of other premises in the same building or curtilage; and

(b) there has been issued by the Secretary of State and

furnished to the local planning authority with the application a copy of an industrial development certificate with conditions attached to it by virtue of section 70(3)(6) of this Act.

77. —(1) An office development permit in respect of any development may be issued subject to such restrictions on the making of an application for planning permission for that development (whether as to the period within which, or the persons by whom, such an application may be made, or otherwise) as the Secretary of State considers appropriate in the exercise of his discretion as mentioned in section 74(3) of this Act; and, where an office development permit in respect of any development is issued subject to any such restrictions, and an application for planning permission for that development is made which does not comply with those restrictions, these provisions shall apply in relation to that application as if no such permit had been issued. 2

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, an office development permit may be issued either unconditionally or

1791

Part IV

Mixed industrial and office development.

Restrictions or conditions r ' attached * to office 2? development permits.

1792

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

Part IV subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State considers appropriate in the exercise of his discretion as mentioned in section 74(3) of this Act; and any reference in these provisions to conditions attached to an office development permit is a reference to conditions subject to which such a permit is issued.

(3) In so far as any of the conditions attached to an office development permit are of such a description that (apart from this section) they could not have been imposed under this Act, this Act shall apply in relation to any application for planning permission for the purposes of which that permit is required, and to any planning permission granted on such an application, as if the powers conferred by this Act included power to impose conditions of that description.

(4) Where conditions are attached to an office development permit, and, on an application for planning permission for the purposes of which that permit is required, planning permission is granted, the authority granting the permission shall grant it subject to those conditions, with or without other conditions.

(5) Planning permission to which subsection (4) of this section applies shall not be invalid by reason only that the requirements of that subsection are not complied with; but where any such planning permission is granted without complying with the requirements of that subsection the planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the office development permit, or (if any other conditions were imposed by the authority granting the permission) to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the permit in addition to the other conditions.

Planning permission for erection of building where no office development permit required.

78.—(1) The provisions of this section shall, subject to subsection (4) of this section, have effect with respect to any planning permission for the erection of a building on land which is within a controlled area when the planning permission is granted and was also within such an area when the application for planning permission was made.

(2) If the case is the following, that is to say—

(a) either the proposed erection of the building is not development to which these provisions apply or it is such development but no office development permit is required for it; and

(b) the building will have a floor space of twice or more than twice, the prescribed exemption limit,

the planning permission for the erection of the building shall be granted subject to the condition specified in subsection (3)

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1793

c. 78

of this section (in addition to any other conditions imposed by Part IV the authority granting the permission).

(3) The said condition is that the use of the building, whether as originally erected or as subsequently extended or altered, shall be restricted so that (whether in consequence of a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate office floor space which exceeds the prescribed exemption limit.

(4) In the following two cases this section shall not apply—

(a) where the planning permission is in respect of a build-

ing which is wholly residential; and

(b) where the planning permission is subject to conditions

by virtue of section 70(5) or (6) of this Act and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

79.—(1) The provisions of this section shall, subject to sub-Planning section (4) of this section, have effect with respect to any plan- penmssion ning permission for the alteration or extension of a building on land which is within a controlled area when the planning of building permission is granted and was also within such an area when where no office the application for planning permission was made, but shall development have effect only in the case of a building erected under a plan- per2jL« ning permission granted on or after 1st April 1969. req

(2) If the case is the following, that is to say—

(a) either the erection of the building was not development

to which these provisions (or Part I of the Act of 1965) applied, or it was such development but no office development permit was required for it; and

(b) either the proposed alteration or extension is not

development to which these provisions apply or it is such development but no office development permit is required for it; and

(c) there will result from the proposed alteration or exten-

sion a building with an aggregate floor space of twice, or more than twice, the prescribed exemption limit,

the planning permission for the alteration or extension shall be granted subject to the condition specified in subsection (3) of this section (in addition to any other conditions imposed by the authority granting the permission). 3

(3) The said condition is that the use of the building as altered or extended, or as subsequently further altered or extended, shall be restricted so that (whether in consequence of

1794

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IV a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate office floor space which exceeds the prescribed exemption limit.

(4) In the following two cases this section shall not apply—

{a) where the planning permission is in respect of a building which, after its alteration or extension, will be wholly residential; and

(b) where the planning permission is subject to conditions by virtue of section 70(5) or (6) of this Act and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building as extended or altered may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

Planning 80.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect with

permission respect to any planning permission for development involving f?the erection of two or more buildings on land which is within morebSdings a contr°Ued area when the planning permission is granted and where no office was also within such an area when the application for planning development permission was made, except in a case where all the buildings

, are exempt from this section, required.

(2) Any one of the said buildings shall be exempt from this section if—

(a) it is wholly residential; or

(b) the planning permission is subject to conditions by

virtue of section 70(5) or (6) of this Act and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

(3) If the aggregate floor space of the buildings proposed to be erected (leaving out of account any which are exempt from this section) is twice, or more than twice, the prescribed exemption limit, and either the erection of the buildings is not development to which these provisions apply or it is such development but no office development permit is required for it, the planning permission shall be granted subject to the condition specified in subsection (4) of this section (in addition to any other conditions imposed by the authority granting the permission). 4

(4) The said condition is that the use of each one of the buildings (excluding any which are exempt from this section) shall be restricted so that (whether in consequence of a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate floor space which exceeds the limit for that building specified in the condition, which limit shall (subject to subsection (5) of this section) be a floor space

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1795

bearing such proportion to the building’s total floor space as Part IV the prescribed exemption limit bears to the aggregate floor space of all the buildings (excluding any which are exempt from this section) for whose erection the planning permission is granted.

(5) The authority granting the planning permission may in doing so specify in the said condition, as it applies to any building, a limit differing from the one provided by subsection (4) of this section, but not so that the total of the limits for all the buildings to which the condition applies exceeds the prescribed exemption limit.

(6) If after the grant of the planning permission a further application for planning permission is made in respect of all or any of the buildings to which the condition specified in subsection (4) of this section applies, and the further application involves a departure from the terms of the said condition as applying to any building, the application shall be subject to section 74(1) of this Act notwithstanding anything in these provisions exempting development from the requirements of that section in particular cases.

81.—(1) Any planning permission with respect to which Provisions section 78, 79 or 80 of this Act has effect shall not be invalid suPPl0-by reason only that the requirements of section 78(2), 79(2) 80.

or 80(3) of this Act, as the case may be, are not complied with; but in that case the planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the condition specified in section 78(3), 79(3) or 80(4) of this Act, as the case may be, or (if any other conditions are imposed by the authority granting the permission) to have been granted subject to the condition so specified in addition to the other conditions, and references in those sections to a condition imposed thereunder shall be construed accordingly as including references to a condition deemed to be imposed.

(2) In sections 78,79 and 80 of this Act—

"controlled area" means an area to which these provisions apply, or, as respects any time before the commencement of this Act, Part I of the Act of 1965 applied;

"the prescribed exemption limit" means that number of square feet which, at the time when the planning permission in question is granted, is for the purposes of section 75 of this Act the prescribed exemption limit in relation to the land to which the planning permission relates, whether—

(a) by virtue of subsection (7) of that section, or

1796

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IV

Provisions as to conditions imposed or implied in pursuance of these

provisions.

c. 78

(b) if an order under subsection (8) of that section is for the time being in force and applies to the area, or part of an area, in which that land is situated, by virtue of that order;

u wholly residential " in relation to a building, means for use exclusively as a dwellinghouse or comprising only units of accommodation for such use.

82.—(1) This section applies to any condition subject to which planning permission is granted in accordance with these provisions or subject to which planning permission is by virtue of these provisions deemed to have been granted, whether or not it is a condition which could have been imposed apart from these provisions.

(2) If the planning permission is or was granted by the local planning authority, the Secretary of State shall not be required to entertain an appeal under section 36 of this Act from the decision of the local planning authority, in so far as that decision relates or related to any condition to which this section applies.

(3) Where planning permission is granted subject to a condition to which this section applies, and it appears to the authority granting the permission that the condition could have been imposed apart from these provisions and would have been imposed if these provisions had not been enacted, the decision granting the permission may include a certificate to that effect; and, where such a certificate is included in a decision of the local planning authority—

{a) the Secretary of State shall not be required to entertain an appeal from the decision in so far as it includes the certificate; but

(b) subject to the preceding paragraph, section 36 of this Act shall have effect in relation to the certificate as it has effect in relation to any other part of the decision.

(4) If any condition imposed by an authority granting planning permission is inconsistent with any condition to which this section applies, the last-mentioned condition shall prevail in so far as it is inconsistent with the condition so imposed. 5

(5) Where on an application made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act (as modified by section 74(2) of this Act) planning permission is granted (either unconditionally or subject to conditions) for a building to be retained, or a use of a building to be continued, without complying with a condition to which this section applies (that condition being one subject to which a previous planning permission was granted or is deemed to

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1797

have been granted), nothing in sections 77 to 81 of this Act or Part IV in the preceding provisions of this section shall be construed as preventing the subsequent planning permission from operating so as to extinguish or modify that condition, as the case may be.

83. Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect as respects Development in planning permission granted before 5 th August 1965 (the date SSw^pfiSnim of the passing of the Act of 1965) in the cases mentioned inf that Schedule.

84. As soon as may be after the end of March in each year Annual the Secretary of State shall prepare a report on the performance report, of his functions under these provisions, and shall lay the report before Parliament.

85.—(1) In these provisions—

"the Act of 1965 " means the Control of Office Industrial Development Act 1965;

" building " includes any structure;

" building contract " means a contract (other than a lease) which is made in relation to land whereby a person undertakes to erect or extend a building on that land in the course of the carping on by him of a business consisting wholly or mainly of the execution of building operations, or of building operations and engineering operations;

" erection ", in relation to a building, includes re-erection;

"the metropolitan region", subject to subsection (2) of this section, means Greater London together with the areas specified in Schedule 13 to this Act:

" premises " means a part of a building;

"these provisions" has the meaning assigned to it by section 73(7) of this Act.

Interpretation and of these provisions.

1965 c. 33.

(2) For the purposes of these provisions—

(a) land shall be taken to be, and at all material times to

have been, in Greater London if it is in the area which constituted Greater London on 1st April 1965;

(b) land shall be taken to be, and at all material times to

have been, in an area specified by name in Schedule 13 to this Act if it is in the area bearing that name on 1st April 1965 as that area was constituted on that date. 3

(3) In these provisions " office floor space " means gross floor space comprised in office premises; and for the purposes of these provisions the amount of any such space shall be

1798

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

Part IV ascertained by external measurement of that space, whether the office premises in question are or are to be bounded (wholly or partly) by external walls of a building or not.

(4) In these provisions any reference to the granting of planning permission for the carrying out of any development of land is a reference to the granting of planning permission for that development—

(a) either in respect of that land taken by itself or in respect of that land together with other land; and

(b) either on an ordinary application or on an outline application (that is to say, an application for planning permission subject to subsequent approval on any matters).

(5) In these provisions any reference to a building containing office premises includes a reference to a building of which every part consists or is to consist of office premises; and in these provisions any reference to the addition of office premises includes a reference to the addition of office premises together with other premises.

(6) In these provisions any reference to land in Greater London, within the metropolitan region, or within any other area to which these provisions apply or, as respects any time before the commencement of this Act, the Act of 1965 applied, shall be construed as a reference to land of which any part is within the area in question.

(7) In these provisions any reference to an application made as mentioned in section 32(1) of this Act includes a reference to an application which by virtue of section 88(7) or 95(6) of this Act is deemed to have been made for such planning permission as is mentioned in the said section 88(7) or, as the case may be, the said section 95(6).

Temporary operation of these provisions.

86.—(1) Unless Parliament otherwise determines, these provisions (other than this section) shall cease to have effect at the end of the period of seven years beginning with 5th August 1965.

(2) Where immediately before the end of that period any planning permission has effect subject to a condition subject to which the planning permission is by virtue of these provisions deemed to have been granted, the planning permission shall, as from the end of that period, have effect free from that condition. 3

(3) Where immediately before the end of that period any planning permission has effect subject to a condition imposed by the authority granting the permission in circumstances where

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1799

that authority was required by these provisions to impose that Part IV condition, then unless the condition is the subject of a certificate under section 82(3) of this Act, the planning permission shall, as from the end of that period, have effect free from that condition.

(4) An enforcement notice to which paragraph 4 of Schedule 12 to this Act applies shall not operate so as to prevent or restrict the doing of anything after the end of that period.

(5) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, at the

end of that period section 38(2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 c. 63. (effect of repeals) shall apply as if these provisions had, as from the end of that period, been repealed by another Act.

Part V

Enforcement of Control under Parts III and IV Development requiring planning permission

87.—(1) Where it appears to the local planning authority Power to that there has been a breach of planning control after the end of 1963, then, subject to any directions given by the Secretary ^?^emenl of State and to die following provisions of this section, the n authority, if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations, may serve a notice under this section (in this Act referred to as an " enforcement notice ") requiring the breach to be remedied.

(2) There is a breach of planning control if development has been carried out, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, without the grant of planning permission required in that behalf in accordance with Part III of the Act of 1962 or Part III of this Act, or if any conditions or limitations subject to which planning permission was granted have not been complied with.

(3) Where an enforcement notice relates to a breach of planning control consisting in—

(a) the carrying out without planning permission of build-

ing, engineering, mining or other operations in, on, over or under land; or

(b) the failure to comply with any condition or limitation

which relates to the carrying out of such operations and subject to which planning permission was granted for the development of that land; or

(c) the making without planning permission of a change

of use of any building to use as a single dwelling-house,

it may be served only within the period of four years from the date of the breach.

1800

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartV

Appeal against

enforcement

notice.

(4) An enforcement notice shall be served on the owner and on the occupier of the land to which it relates and on any other person having an interest in that land, being an interest which in the opinion of the authority is materially affected by the notice.

(5) Where planning permission has effect subject to a condition to which section 82 of this Act applies, and by reason erf anything done in a particular part of a building that condition is contravened, any enforcement notice relating to the contravention shall be taken to be served on the owner and on the occupier of the land to which it relates if it is served on the owner and on the occupier of that part of the building, whether it is also served on any other person or not.

(6) An enforcement notice shall specify—

(> a)) the matters alleged to constitute a breach of planning control;

(b) the steps required by the authority to be taken in order

to remedy the breach, that is to say steps for the purpose of restoring the land to its condition before the development took place or (according to the particular circumstances of the breach) of securing compliance with the conditions or limitations subject to which planning permission was granted; and

(c) the period for compliance with the notice, that is to

say the period (beginning with the date when the notice takes effect) within which those steps are required to be taken.

(7) The steps which may be required by an enforcement notice to be taken include the demolition or alteration of any buildings or works, the discontinuance of any use of land, or the carrying out on land of any building or other operations.

(8) Subject to section 88 of this Act, an enforcement notice shall take effect at the end of such period, not being less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(9) The local planning authority may withdraw an enforcement notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) at any time before it takes effect; and, if they do so, they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the notice.

88.—(1) A person on whom an enforcement notice is served, or any other person having an interest in the land may, at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1801

at the end of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Secretary of State against the notice on any of the following grounds—

(a) that planning permission ought to be granted for the

development to which the notice relates or, as the case may be, that a condition or limitation alleged in the enforcement notice not to have been complied with ought to be discharged;

(b) that the matters alleged in the notice do not constitute a breach of planning control;

(c) in the case of a notice which, by virtue of section 87(3)

of this Act, may be served only within the period of four years from the date of the breach of planning control to which the notice relates, that that period has elapsed at the date of service;

(d) in the case of a notice not falling within paragraph (c)

of this subsection, that the breach of planning control alleged by the notice occurred before the beginning of 1964;

(e) that the enforcement notice was not served as required

by section 87(4) of this Act;

if)that the steps required by the notice to be taken exceed what is necessary to remedy any breach of planning control;

(g) that the specified period for compliance with the notice falls short of what should reasonably be allowed.

(2) An appeal under this section shall be made by notice in writing to the Secretary of State, which shall indicate the grounds of the appeal and state the facts on which it is based; and on any such appeal the Secretary of State shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose. 3 4 * *

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this section, the enforcement notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or the withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) On an appeal under this section—

(a) the Secretary of State may correct any informality,

defect or error in the enforcement notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not material;

(b) in a case where it would otherwise be a ground for

determining the appeal in favour of the appellant that a person required by section 87(4) of this Act to be served with the notice was not served, the Secretary

PariV

1802 Part V

c. 78 Town and Country Planning Act 1971

of State may disregard that fact if neither the appellant nor that person has been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him.

(5) On the determination of an appeal under this section, the Secretary of State shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including, where appropriate, directions for quashing the enforcement notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant; and the Secretary of State may—

(a) grant planning permission for the development to which the enforcement notice relates or, as the case may be, discharge any condition or limitation subject to which planning permission for that development was granted;

( b)determine any purpose for which the land may, in the circumstances obtaining at the time of the determination, be lawfully used having regard to any past use thereof and to any planning permission relating to the land.

(6) In considering whether to grant planning permission under subsection (5) of this section, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the provisions of the development plan, so far as material to the subject-matter of the enforcement notice, and to any other material considerations; and any planning permission granted by him under that subsection may—

(a) include permission to retain or complete any buildings or works on the land, or to do so without complying with some condition attached to a previous planning permission;

(b) be granted subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State thinks fit;

and where under that subsection he discharges a condition or limitation, he may substitute another condition or limitation for it, whether more or less onerous. 7

(7) Where an appeal against an enforcement notice is brought under this section, the appellant shall be deemed to have made an application for planning permission for the development to which the notice relates and, in relation to any exercise by the Secretary of State of his powers under subsection (5) of this section, the following provisions shall have effect—

(a) any planning permission granted thereunder shall be

treated as granted on the said application;

(b) in relation to a grant of planning permission or a determination under that subsection, the Secretary of State’s decision shall be final; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78 1803

(c) for the purposes of section 34 of this Act, the decision part v shall be treated as having been given by the Secretary of State in dealing with an application for planning permission made to the local planning authority.

(8) On an appeal under this section against an enforcement notice relating to anything done in contravention of a condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies, the Secretary of State shall not be required to entertain the appeal in so far as the appellant claims that planning permission free from that condition ought to be granted.

(9) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under this section, including appeals under this section as applied by regulations under any other provision of this Act

89.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where an Penalties for enforcement notice has been served on the person who, at the "°n’ time when the notice was served on him, was the owner of the 1 land to which it relates, then, if any steps required by the notice enforcement to be taken (other than the discontinuance of a use of land) notice, have not been taken within the period allowed for compliance with the notice, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(2) If a person against whom proceedings are brought under subsection (1) of this section has, at some time before the end of the period allowed for compliance with the notice, ceased to be the owner of the land, he shall, upon information duly laid by him, and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear days* notice of his intention, be entitled to have the person who then became the owner of the land (in this section referred to as "the subsequent owner") brought before the court in the proceedings.

(3) If, after it has been proved that any steps required by the enforcement notice have not been taken within the period allowed for compliance with the notice, the original defendant proves that the failure to take those steps were attributable, in whole or in part, to the default of the subsequent owner—

(a) the subsequent owner may be convicted of the offence;

and

(b) the original defendant, if he further proves that he took all reasonable steps to secure compliance with the enforcement notice, shall be acquitted of the offence. 4

(4) If, after a person has been convicted under the preceding provisions of this section, he does not as soon as practicable

1804

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartV

Power to stop further development pending proceedings on enforcement notice.

do everything in his power to secure compliance with the enforcement notice, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50

for each day following his first conviction on which any of the requirements of the enforcement notice (other than the discontinuance of the use of land) remain unfulfilled; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(5) Where, by virtue of an enforcement notice, a use of land is required to be discontinued, or any conditions or limitations are required to be complied with in respect of a use of land or in respect of the carrying out of operations thereon, then if any person uses the land or causes or permits it to be used, or carries out those operations or causes or permits them to be carried out, in contravention of the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine; and if the use is continued after the conviction he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for each day on which the use is so continued, or on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(6) Any reference in this section to the period allowed for compliance with an enforcement notice is a reference to the period specified in the notice for compliance therewith or such extended period as the local planning authority may allow for compliance with the notice.

90.—(1) Where in respect of any land the local planning authority have served an enforcement notice, they may at any time before the notice takes effect serve a further notice (in this Act referred to as a " stop notice ") referring to, and having annexed to it a copy of, the enforcement notice and prohibiting any person on whom the stop notice is served from carrying out or continuing any specified operations on the land, being operations either alleged in the enforcement notice to constitute a breach of planning control or so closely associated therewith as to constitute substantially the same operations.

(2) The operations which may be the subject of a stop notice shall include the deposit of refuse or waste materials on land where that is a breach of planning control alleged in the enforcement notice. 3

(3) A stop notice may be served by the local planning authority on any person who appears to them to have an interest in the land or to be concerned with the carrying out or continuance of any operations thereon.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1805

(4) A stop notice-

(a) shall specify the date (not being earlier than three nor later than fourteen days from the day on which the notice is first served on any person) when it is to take effect;

(b) in relation to any person served with it, shall have effect as from that date or the third day after the date of service on him, whichever is the later; and

(c) shall, without prejudice to subsection (7) of this section, cease to have effect when the enforcement notice takes effect or is withdrawn or quashed.

(5) If while a stop notice has effect in relation to him a person carries out, or causes or permits to be carried out, any operations prohibited by the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine; and if the offence is continued after conviction he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for each day on which the offence is continued, or on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(6) A stop notice shall not be invalid by reason that the enforcement notice to which it relates was not served as required by section 87(4) of this Act if it is shown that the local planning authority took all such steps as were reasonably practicable to effect proper service.

(7) The local planning authority may at any time withdraw a stop notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) by serving notice to that effect on persons who were served with the stop notice; and the stop notice shall cease to have effect as from the date of service of the notice under this subsection.

(8) Where a person (in this subsection called " the contrao tor*) is under contract to another person (in this subsection called "the developer") to carry out any operations on land and—

(a) a stop notice takes effect (whether in relation to the

developer or the contractor, or both) prohibiting the carrying out or continuance of those operations; and

(b) the operations are countermanded, or discontinued by

the contractor accordingly,

then, unless and in so far as the contract makes provision explicitly to the contrary of this subsection, the developer shall be under the same liability in contract as if the operations had

PartV

1806

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartV

Execution and cost of works required by enforcement notice.

1936 c.

been countermanded or discontinued on instructions given by him in breach of the contract.

This subsection applies only to contracts entered into before the end of 1969.

91.—(1) If, within the period specified in an enforcement notice for compliance therewith, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the notice to be taken (other than the discontinuance of a use of land) have not been taken, the local planning authority may enter the land and take those steps, and may recover from the person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in doing so.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of any land for the purpose of complying with an enforcement notice served in respect of any breach of planning control (as defined in section 87(2) of this Act) and any sums paid by the owner of any land under subsection (1) of this section in respect of expenses incurred by the local planning authority in taking steps required by such a notice to be taken, shall be deemed to be incurred or paid for the use and at the request of the person by whom the breach of planning control was committed.

(3) Regulations made under this Act may provide that, in relation to any steps required to be taken by an enforcement notice, all or any of the enactments specified in subsection (4) of this section shall apply, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the regulations, including, in the case of the enactment specified in paragraph ( )of that subsection, adaptations and modifications for the purpose of affording to the owner of land to which an enforcement notice relates the right, as against all other persons interested in the land, to comply with the requirements of the enforcement notice. 4

(4) The said enactments are the following provisions of the Public Health Act 1936, that is to say—

(a) section 276 (power of local authorities to sell materials

removed in executing works under that Act subject to accounting for the proceeds of sale);

(b) section 289 (power to require the occupier of any

premises to permit works to be executed by the owner of the premises);

(c) section 292 (power of local authorities to include a

sum in respect of establishment charges in their expenses in executing works); and

(d) section 294 (limit on liability of persons holding

premises as agents or trustees in respect of the expenses recoverable under that Act).

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1807

(5) Any regulations made in accordance with subsection (3) of Part V this section may provide for the charging on the land of any expenses recoverable by a local authority under subsection (I) of this section.

92.—(1) If, after the service of an enforcement notice, plan- Effect of ning permission is granted for the retention on land of buildings planning or works, or for the continuance of a use of land, to which the enforcement notice relates, the enforcement notice shall cease notice, to have effect in so far as it requires steps to be taken for the demolition or alteration of those buildings or works, or the discontinuance of that use, as the case may be.

(2) If the planning permission granted as mentioned in sub section (1) of this section is granted so as to permit the retention of buildings or works, or the continuance of a use of land, without complying with some condition subject to which a previous planning permission was granted, the enforcement notice shall cease to have effect in so far as it requires steps to be taken for complying with that condition.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the liability of any person for an offence in respect of a failure to comply with the enforcement notice before the relevant provision of the enforcement notice ceased to have effect.

93.—(1) Compliance with an enforcement notice, whether in Enforcement

respect of— haveeffect

(a) the demolition or alteration of any buildings or works; against

or

(b) the discontinuance of any use of land.

subsequent

development.

or in respect of any other requirements contained in the enforcement notice, shall not discharge the enforcement notice. 2 3

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, any provision of an enforcement notice requiring a use of land to be discontinued shall operate as a requirement that it shall be discontinued permanently, to the extent that it is in contravention of Part III of this Act; and accordingly the resumption of that use at any time after it has been discontinued in compliance with the enforcement notice shall to that extent be in contravention of the enforcement notice.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, if any development is carried out on land by way of reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or altered in compliance with an enforcement notice, the notice shall, notwithstanding that its terms are not apt for the purpose, be deemed to apply in relation to the buildings or works as

1808

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Party reinstated or restored as it applied in relation to the buildings or works before they were demolished or altered; and, subject to subsection (4) of this section, the provisions of section 91(1) and (2) of this Act, shall apply accordingly.

(4) Where, at any time after an enforcement notice takes effect—

(a) any development is carried out on land by way of

reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or altered in compliance with the notice; and

(b) the local planning authority propose, under section

91(1) of this Act, to take any steps required by the enforcement notice for the demolition or alteration of the buildings or works in consequence of the reinstatement or restoration, the local planning authority shall, not less than twenty-eight days before taking any such steps, serve on the owner and occupier of the land a notice of their intention to do so.

(5) A person who, without the grant of planning permission in that behalf, carries out any development on land by way of reinstating or restoring buildings or works which have been demolished or altered in compliance with an enforcement notice shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400; and no person shall be liable under any of the provisions of section 89(1) to (4) of this Act for failure to take any steps required to be taken by an enforcement notice by way of demolition or alteration of what has been so reinstated or restored.

Certification of 94.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a use of established use. land is established if—

(a) it was begun before the beginning of 1964 without

planning permission in that behalf and has continued since the end of 1963; or

(b) it was begun before the beginning of 1964 under a

planning permission in that behalf granted subject to conditions or limitations, which either have never been complied with or have not been complied with since the end of 1963; or

(c) it was begun after the end of 1963 as the result of a

change of use not requiring planning permission and there has been, since the end of 1963, no change of use requiring planning permission.

(2) Where a person having an interest in land claims that a particular use of it has become established, he may apply to the local planning authority for a certificate (in this Act referred to as an " established use certificate ") to that effect:

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1809

-/I

c. 78

Provided that no such application may be made in respect of Part V the use of land as a single dwellinghouse. or of any use not subsisting at the time of the application.

(3) An established use certificate may be granted (either by the local planning authority or, under section 95 of this Act, by the Secretary of State)—

(a) either for the whole of the land specified in the applica-

tion, or for a part of it;

(b) in the case of an application specifying two or more

uses, either for all those uses or for some one or more

of them.

(4) On an application to them under this section, the local planning authority shall, if and so far as they are satisfied that the applicant’s claim is made out, grant to him an established use certificate accordingly; and if and so far as they are not so satisfied, they shall refuse the application.

(5) Where an application is made to a local planning authority for an established use certificate, then unless within such period as may be prescribed by a development order, or within such extended period as may at any time be agreed upon in writing between die applicant and the local planning authority, the authority give notice to the applicant of their decision on the application, then, for the purposes of section 95(2) of this Act, the application shall be deemed to be refused.

(6) Schedule 14 to this Act shall have effect with respect to established use certificates and applications therefor and to appeals under section 95 of this Act.

(7) An established use certificate shall, as respects any matters stated therein, be conclusive for the purposes of an appeal to the Secretary of State against an enforcement notice served in respect of any land to which the certificate relates, but only where the notice is served after the date of the application on which the certificate was granted.

(8) If any person, for the purpose of procuring a particular decision on an application (whether by himself or another) for an established use certificate or on an appeal arising out of such an application—

(a) knowingly or recklessly makes a statement which is

false in a material particular; or

(b) with intent to deceive, produces, furnishes, sends or

otherwise makes use of any document which is false in

a material particular; or

(c) with intent to deceive, withholds any material informa-

tion.

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or, on conviction on indictment, to

1810

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine, or both.

95.—(1) The Secretary of State may give directions requiring applications for established use certificates to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by local planning authorities; and, on any such application being referred to him in accordance with such directions, section 94(4) of this Act shall apply in relation to the Secretary of State as it applies in relation to the local planning authority in the case of an application determined by them.

(2) Where an application is made to a local planning authority for an established use certificate and is refused, or is refused in part, the applicant may by notice under this subsection appeal to the Secretary of State ; and on any such appeal the Secretary of State shall—

(a) if and so far as he is satisfied that the authority's refusal

is not well-founded, grant to the appellant an established use certificate accordingly or, as the case may be, modify the certificate granted by the authority on the application; and

(b) if and so far as he is satisfied that the authority's refusal

is well-founded, dismiss the appeal.

(3) On an application referred to him under subsection (1) of this section or on an appeal to him under subsection (2) of this section, the Secretary of State may. in respect of any use of land for which an established use certificate is not granted (either by him or by the local planning authority), grant planning permission for that use or, as the case may be, for the continuance of that use without complying with some condition subject to which a previous planning permission was granted.

(4) Before determining an application or appeal under this section the Secretary of State shall, if either the applicant or appellant (as the case may be) or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(5) The decision of the Secretary of State on an application referred to him, or on an appeal, under this section shall be final. 6

(6) In the case of any use of land for which the Secretary of State Has power to grant planning permission under this section, the applicant or appellant shall be deemed to have made an application for such planning permission; and any planning permission so granted shall be treated as granted on the said application.

Part V

Grant of certificate by Secretary of State on referred application or appeal against refusal.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1811

(7) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under this section. Part V

Listed buildings

96,—(1) Where it appears to the local planning authority that Power to any works have been, or are being, executed to a listed building serve listed in their area and are such as to involve a contravention of section 55(1) or (4) of this Act, then, subject to any directions notice, given by die Secretary of State, they may, if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the effect of the works on the character of the building as one of special architectural or historic interest, serve a notice—

(a) specifying the alleged contravention; and

(b) requiring such steps as may be specified in the notice for

restoring that building to its former state or, as the case may be, for bringing it to the state it would have been in if the terms and conditions of any listed building consent for the works had been complied with, to be taken within such period as may be so specified.

(2) A notice under this section is in this Act referred to as a " listed building enforcement notice ".

(3) A listed building enforcement notice shall be served on the owner and on the occupier of the building to which it relates and on any other person having an interest in the building, being an interest which in the opinion of the authority is materially affected by the notice.

(4) Subject to section 97 of this Act, a listed building enforcement notice shall take effect at the end of such period, not being less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(5) The local planning authority may withdraw a listed building enforcement notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) at any time before it takes effect; and if they do so, they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the notice.

97.—(1) A person on whom a listed building enforcement Appeal notice is served, or any other person having an interest in the against listed building to which it relates, may, at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period at (he end of which it is to notice, take effect, appeal to the Secretary of State against the notice on any of the following grounds—

(a) that the building is not of special architectural or historic interest;

1812

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part V

(b) that the matters alleged to constitute a contravention of

section 55 of this Act do not involve such a contravention ;

(c) that the works were urgently necessary in the interests

of safety or health, or for the preservation of the building;

(d) that listed building consent ought to be granted for the

works, or that any relevant condition of such consent which has been granted ought to be discharged, or different conditions substituted;

(e) that the notice was not served as required by section

96(3) of this Act;

if)that the requirements of the notice exceed what is necessary for restoring the building to its condition before the works were carried out; ig) that the period specified in the notice as the period within which any steps required thereby are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed;

(h) that the steps required by the notice to be taken would not serve the purpose of restoring the character of the building to its former state.

(2) An appeal under this section shall be made by notice in writing to die Secretary of State, which shall indicate the grounds of appeal and state the facts on which it is based; and on any such appeal the Secretary of State shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this section the notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) On an appeal under this section,—

(a) the Secretary of State may correct any informality, defect or error in the notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not material;

(b) in a case where it would otherwise be a ground for

determining the appeal in favour of the appellant that a person required by section 96(3) of this Act to be served with the notice was not served, the Secretary of State may disregard that fact if he is satisfied that the person has not been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him. 5

(5) On the determination of an appeal under this section the Secretary of State shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including, where appropriate, directions for

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78 1813

quashing the listed building enforcement notice or for varying the Part V terms of the notice in favour of the appellant, and the Secretary of State may—

(a) grant listed building consent for the works to which the

notice relates or, as the case may be, discharge any condition subject to which such consent was granted and substitute any other condition, whether more or less onerous;

(b) in so far as any works already executed constitute

development for which planning permission is required, grant such permission in respect of the works;

(c) if he thinks fit, exercise his power under section 54 of

this Act to amend any list compiled or approved thereunder by removing from it the building to which the appeal relates or his power under subsection (10) of that section to direct that that subsection shall no longer apply to the building.

(6) Any planning permission granted by the Secretary of State under subsection (5) of this section shall be treated as granted on an application for the like permission under Part III of this Act, and any listed building consent granted by him thereunder shall be treated as granted on an application for the like consent under Part I of Schedule 11 to this Act; and—

(a) in relation to the grant thereunder either of planning

permission or of listed building consent, the Secretary of State’s decision shall be final;

(b) for the purposes of section 34 of this Act a decision of

the Secretary of State to grant planning permission shall be treated as having been given by him in dealing with an application for planning permission made to the local planning authority.

(7) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under this section.

98.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a Penalties for listed building enforcement notice has been served on the person non" who, at the time when the notice was served on him, was thefisted* owner of the building to which it relates, then, if any steps building required by the notice to be taken have not been taken within enforcement the period allowed for compliance with the notice, that person notice, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine. 2

(2) If a person against whom proceedings have been brought under subsection (1) of this section has, at some time before the

Pt. ill D

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1814

PartV

Execution and cost of works required by listed building enforcement notice.

c. 78

end of the period allowed for compliance with the notice, ceased to be the owner of the building, he shall, upon information duly laid by him, and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear days’ notice of his intention, be entitled to have the person who then became the owner of the building (in this section referred to as " the subsequent owner ") brought before the court in the proceedings.

(3) If, after it has been proved that any steps required by the notice have not been taken within the period allowed for compliance with the notice, the original defendant proves that the failure to take those steps was attributable, in whole or in part, to the default of the subsequent owner—

(a) the subsequent owner may be convicted of the offence;

and

(b) the original defendant, if he further proves that he took all reasonable steps to secure compliance with the notice, shall be acquitted of the offence.

(4) If, after a person has been convicted under the preceding provisions of this section, he does not as soon as practicable do everything in his power to secure compliance with the notice, he shall be guilty of a further offence and be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for each day following his first conviction on which any of the requirements of the notice remain unfulfilled; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(5) Any reference in this section to the period allowed for compliance with a listed building enforcement notice is a reference to the period specified in the notice as that within which the steps specified in the notice are required thereby to be taken, or such extended period as the local planning authority may allow for taking them.

99.—(1) If, within the period specified in a listed building enforcement notice as that within which the steps specified in the notice are required thereby to be taken, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the notice to be taken have not been taken, the authority may enter the land and take those steps, and may recover from the person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in doing so. 2

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of a building for the purpose of complying with a listed building enforcement notice, and any sums paid by the owner of a building under subsection (1) of this section in respect of expenses incurred by the local planning authority in taking steps required

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1815

by such a notice to be taken, shall be deemed to be incurred PartV or paid for the use and at the request of the person who carried out the works to which the notice relates.

(3) The provisions of section 91(3) and (4) of this Act shall apply in relation to a listed building enforcement notice as they apply in relation to an enforcement notice; and any regulations made by virtue of this subsection may provide for the charging on the land on which the building stands of any expenses recoverable by a local planning authority under subsection (1) of this section.

100. —(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, after consulta- Enforcement tion with the local planning authority (and, in Greater London, by, or by also with the Greater London Council), to be expedient that a^ecreta’ listed building enforcement notice should be served in respectestate. ^ of any land, he may give directions to the local planning authority requiring them to serve such a notice, or may himself serve such

a notice; and any notice so served by the Secretary of State shall have the like effect as a notice served by the local planning authority.

(2) In relation to a listed building enforcement notice served by the Secretary of State, the provisions of section 99 of this Act shall apply as if for any reference therein to the local planning authority there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

101. If it appears to a local authority that any works are Works for

urgently necessary for the preservation of any unoccupied preservation building situated in their area which— fetS^Sding

(a) is included in a list compiled or approved under section in cases of

54 of this Act; and urgency.

(b) is not an excepted building as defined in section 58(2) of this Act,

they may, after giving to the owner of the building not less than seven days* notice in writing of the proposed execution of the works, take such steps as they consider appropriate for executing the works.

Trees

102.—(1) If any person, in contravention of a tree preservation Penalties order, cuts down or wilfully destroys a tree, or tops or lops for non-a tree in such a manner as to be likely to destroy it, he shall compliance be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a Reservation fine not exceeding £250 or twice the sum which appears to order, the court to be the value of the tree, whichever is the greater.

Pt. Ill D 2

1816

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartV

Enforcement of duties as to replacement of trees.

c. 78

(2) If any person contravenes the provisions of a tree preservation order otherwise than as mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(3) If, in the case of a continuing offence under this section, the contravention is continued after the conviction, the offender shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to an additional fine not exceeding £2 for each day on which the contravention is so continued.

103.—(1) If it appears to the local planning authority that the provisions of section 62 of this Act, or any conditions of a consent given under a tree preservation order which require the replacement of trees, are not complied with in the case of any tree or trees, that authority may, at any time within four years from the date of the alleged failure to comply with the said provisions or conditions, serve on the owner of the land a notice requiring him, within such period as may be specified in the notice, to plant a tree or trees of such size and species as may be so specified.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a notice under this section shall take effect at the end of such period, not being less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(3) A person on whom a notice under this section is served may, at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period at the end of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Secretary of State against the notice on any of the following grounds—

(a) that the provisions of the said section 62 or the conditions aforesaid are not applicable or have been complied with;

(b) that the requirements of the notice are unreasonable in respect of the period or the size or species of trees specified therein;

(c) that the planting of a tree or trees in accordance with the notice is not required in the interests of amenity or would be contrary to the practice of good forestry;

(d) that the place on which the tree is or trees are required to be planted is unsuitable for that purpose;

and the provisions of section 88(2), (3) and (4)(a) of this Act, and of so much of section 88(5) of this Act as enables the Secretary of State to give directions, shall apply in relation to any such appeal as they apply in relation to an appeal against an enforcement notice.

(4) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under subsection (3) of this section.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1817

(5) In section 91 of this Act, and in regulations in force under that section, references to an enforcement notice and an enforcement notice served in respect of any breach of planning control shall include references to a notice under this section; and in relation to such a notice the reference in subsection (2) of that section to the person by whom the breach of planning control was committed shall be construed as a reference to any person, other than the owner, responsible for the cutting down, destruction or removal of the original tree or trees.

Waste land

104. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where a notice has been served under section 65 of this Act, and the period within which the steps required by the notice are to be taken has expired.

(2) If at any time after the end of that period any of those steps have not been taken, and any person does anything which has the effect of continuing or aggravating the injury caused by the condition of the land to which the notice relates, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

105. —(1) A person on whom a notice under section 65 of this Act is served, or any other person having an interest in the land to which the notice relates, may, at any time within the period specified in the notice as the period at the end of which it is to take effect, appeal against the notice on any of the following grounds—

(a) that the condition of the land to which the notice relates

does not seriously injure the amenity of any part of the area of the local planning authority who served the notice, or of any adjoining area ;

(b) that the condition of the land to which the notice relates

is attributable to, and such as results in the ordinary course of events from, the carrying on of operations or a use of land which is not in contravention of Part III of this Act;

(c) that the land to which the notice relates does not con-

stitute a garden, vacant site or other open land in the area of the local planning authority who served the notice;

(d) that the requirements of the notice exceed what is neces-

sary for preventing the condition of the land from seriously injuring the amenity of any part of the area of the local planning authority who served the notice, or of any adjoining area;

Pt.m d 3

PartV

Penalty for non-compliance with notice as to waste land.

Appeal to magistrates* court against notice as to waste land.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1818

PartV

Further appeal to the Crown Court,

Execution and cost of works required by notice as to waste land.

c. 78

(e) that the period specified in the notice as the period within which any steps required by the notice are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed.

(2) Any appeal under this section shall be made to a magistrates’ court acting for the petty sessions area in which the land in question is situated.

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this section, the notice to which it relates shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) On an appeal under this section the magistrates* court may correct any informality, defect or error in the notice if satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not material.

(5) On the determination of an appeal under this section the magistrates* court shall give directions for giving effect to their determination, including, where appropriate, directions for quashing the notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant.

106. Where an appeal has been brought under section 105 of this Act, an appeal against the decision of the magistrates* court thereon may be brought to the Crown Court by the appellant or by the local planning authority.

107. —(1) If, within the period specified in a notice under section 65 of this Act in accordance with subsection (1) of that section, or within such extended period as the local planning authority may allow, any steps required by the notice to be taken have not been taken, the local planning authority may enter the land and take those steps, and may recover from the person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in doing so. 2 3

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of any land for the purpose of complying with a notice under section 65 of this Act, and any sums paid by the owner of any land under subsection (1) of this section in respect of expenses incurred by the local planning authority in taking steps required by such a notice to be taken, shall be deemed to be incurred or paid for the use and at the request of the person who caused or permitted the land to come to be in the condition in which it was when the notice was served.

(3) The provisions of section 91(3) and (4) of this Act shall apply in relation to a notice under section 65 of this Act as they apply in relation to an enforcement notice; and regulations made by virtue of this subsection may provide for the charging on the land of any expenses recoverable by a local authority under subsection (1) of this section.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1819

Other controls PartV

108,—(1) Where, by virtue of an order under section 51 of Enforcement this Act, the use of land for any purpose is required to be of orders discontinued, or any conditions are imposed on the continuance1111(161 s* 51* thereof, then if any person, without the grant of planning permission in that behalf, uses the land for that purpose or, as the case may be. uses the land for that purpose in contravention of those conditions, or causes or permits the land to be so used, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to a fine; and if the use is continued after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for

each day on which the use is so continued; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(2) If, within the period specified in that behalf in an order under section 51 of this Act, any steps required by that order to be taken for the alteration or removal of any buildings or works have not been taken, the local planning authority may, and shall if so required by directions of the Secretary of State, enter the land and take those steps; and section 276 of the Public Health Act 1936 shall apply in relation to any works 1936 c. 49. executed by a local planning authority under this subsection as it applies in relation to works executed by a local authority under that Act.

109*—(1) The matters for which provision may be made by Enforcement regulations under section 63 of this Act shall include provision of control as for enabling the local planning authority to require the removalto, .. of any advertisement which is being displayed in contravention advert,sements* of the regulations, or the discontinuance of the use for the display of advertisements of any site which is being so used in contravention of the regulations, and for that purpose for applying any of the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to enforcement notices or the provisions of section 177 of this Act, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the regulations. 2

(2) Without prejudice to any provisions included in regulations made under section 63 of this Act by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, if any person displays an advertisement in contravention of the provisions of the regulations he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine of such amount as may be prescribed by the regulations, not exceeding £100 and, in the case of a continuing offence, £5 for each day during which the offence continues after conviction.

pt. m d 4

<^»

1820

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartV

Supplementary provisions as to appeals to Secretary of State under Part V.

1933 c. 51.

Recovery of expenses of local planning authorities under Part V.

Compulsory acquisition of land in connection with development and for other planning purposes.

c. 78

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, and without prejudice to the generality thereof, a person shall be deemed to display an advertisement if—

(a) the advertisement is displayed on land of which he is

the owner or occupier; or

(b) the advertisement gives publicity to his goods, trade,

business or other concerns:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an offence under that subsection by reason only that an advertisement is displayed on land of which he is the owner or occupier, or that his goods, trade, business or other concerns are given publicity by the advertisement, if he proves that it was displayed without his knowledge or consent.

Supplementary provisions

110. —(1) Subsection (5) of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (which authorises a government department holding an inquiry under that section to make orders with respect to the costs of the parties) shall apply in relation to any proceedings before the Secretary of State on an appeal under this Part of this Act as if those proceedings were an inquiry held by the Secretary of State under the said section 290.

(2) Where under this Part of this Act any person has appealed to the Secretary of State or (in accordance with section 105 of this Act) to a magistrates* court against a notice, neither that person nor any other shall be entitled, in any other proceedings instituted after the making of the appeal, to claim that the notice was not duly served on the person who appealed.

111. Where by virtue of any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act any expenses are recoverable by a local planning authority, those expenses shall be recoverable as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Part VI

Acquisition and Appropriation of Land and Related Provisions

Acquisition and appropriation of land

112. —(1) The Secretary of State may authorise a local authority to whom this section applies to acquire compulsorily any land within their area if he is satisfied—

(a) that the land is required in order to secure the treatment as a whole, by development, redevelopment or improvement, or partly by one and partly by another method, of the land or of any area in which die land is situated; or

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

182!

(b) that it is expedient in the public interest that the land Part VI

should be held together with land so required; or

(c) that the land is required for development or redevelop-

ment, or both, as a whole for the purpose of providing for the relocation of population or industry or die replacement of open space in the course of the redevelopment or improvement, or both, of another area as a whole; or

(d) that it is expedient to acquire the land immediately for

a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated.

(2) Where under subsection (1) of this section the Secretary of State has power to authorise a local authority to whom this section applies to acquire any land compulsorily he may, after the requisite consultation, authorise the land to be so acquired by another authority, being a local authority within the meaning of this Act.

(3) Before giving an authorisation under subsection (2) of this section, the Secretary of State shall—

(a) where the land is in a county borough, consult with the council of the borough;

(b) where the land is in a county district, consult with the councils of the county and die county district;

(c) where the land is in a London borough, consult with the council of the borough and with the Greater London Council.

(4) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 c. 49. 1946 shall apply to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section and accordingly shall have effect as if this section

had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(5) The local authorities to whom this section applies are the councils of counties, county boroughs, and county districts, the Greater London Council and the councils of London boroughs.

113.—(1) The Secretary of State for the Environment may Compulsory acquire compulsorily any land necessary for the public service, acquisition

of land by

(2) The power of acquiring land compulsorily under this Secretary of section shall include power to acquire an easement or other rightState *or the over land by the grant of a new right: Environment

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an easement or other right over any land which would for the purposes of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946

1822

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI form part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment

(3) The said Act of 1946 shall apply to any compulsory acquisition by the Secretary of State for the Environment under this section as it applies to a compulsory acquisition by another Minister in a case falling within section 1(1) of that Act.

Compulsory acquisition of listed building in need of repair.

114.—(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of a building to which this section applies, that reasonable steps are not being taken for properly preserving it, the Secretary of State may authorise the council of the county, county borough or county district in which the building is situated or, in the case of a building situated in Greater London, the Greater London Council or the London borough council, to acquire compulsorily under this section the building and any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to the Secretary of State to be required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management

(2) Where it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of a building to which (his section applies, that reasonable steps are not being taken for properly preserving it he may be authorised under this section to acquire compulsorily the building and any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to him to be required for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(3) This section applies to any listed building, not being an excepted building as defined in section 58(2) of this Act. 4 * 6 * *

(4) The Secretary of State shall not make or confirm a compulsory purchase order for the acquisition of any building by virtue of this section unless he is satisfied that it is expedient to make provision for the preservation of the building and to authorise its compulsory acquisition for that purpose.

1946 c. 49. (5) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act

1946 shall apply to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section and accordingly shall have effect—

{a) as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act; and

(b) as if references therein to the enactments specified in section 1(1 Mb) of that Act included references to the provisions of this section.

(6) Any person having an interest in a building which it is

proposed to acquire compulsorily under this section may, within

twenty-eight days after the service of the notice required by

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1823

paragraph 3(1)(&) of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1946, apply Part VI to a magistrates* court acting for the petty sessions area within which the building is situated for an order staying further proceedings on the compulsory purchase order; and, if the court is satisfied that reasonable steps have been taken for properly preserving the building, the court shall make an order accordingly.

(7) Any person aggrieved by the decision of a magistrates* court on an application under subsection (6) of this section may appeal against the decision to the Crown Court.

115. —(1) Neither a council nor the Secretary of State shall Repairs start the compulsory purchase of a building under section 114 notice as

of this Act unless at least two months previously they have ^compulsory served on the owner of the building, and not withdrawn, a acquisition notice under this section (in this section referred to as a " repairs under s. 114. notice *)—

(a) specifying the works which they consider reasonably necessary for the proper preservation of the building; and

(b) explaining the effect of sections 114 to 117 of this Act.

(2) Where a council or the Secretary of State have served a repairs notice, the demolition of the building thereafter shall not prevent them from being authorised under section 114 of this Act to acquire compulsorily the site of the building, if the Secretary of State is satisfied that he would have confirmed or, as the case may be, would have made a compulsory purchase order in respect of the building had it not been demolished.

(3) A council or the Secretary of State may at any time withdraw a repairs notice served by them; and if they do so, they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to the person who was served with the notice.

(4) For the purposes of this section a compulsory acquisition is started when the council or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, serve the notice required by paragraph 3(1 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) j946 c 49 Act 1946. 116

116. Subject to section 117 of this Act, for the purpose of Compensation assessing compensation in respect of any compulsory acquisi- on compulsory tion of land including a building which, immediately before the acquisition date of the compulsorily purchase order, was listed, it shall beUdine assumed that listed building consent would be granted for any 8 works for the alteration or extension of the building, or for its demolition, other than works in respect of which such consent

has been applied for before the date of the order and refused by

1824 c. 78 Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI the Secretary of State, or granted by him subject to conditions, the circumstances having been such that compensation thereupon became payable under section 171 of this Act

Minimum 117,—(1) A council proposing to acquire a building compul-

compensation sorily under section 114 of this Act if they are satisfied that StedbuUdina building has been deliberately allowed to fall into disrepair deliberately 8 for the purpose of justifying its demolition and the development left derelict. or redevelopment of the site or any adjoining site, may include in the compulsory purchase order as submitted to the Secretary of State for confirmation an application for a direction for minimum compensation; and the Secretary of State, if he is so satisfied, may include such a direction in the order as confirmed by him.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the Secretary of State acquires a building compulsorily under section 114 of this Act, he may, if he is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, include a direction for minimum compensation in the compulsory purchase order.

(3) The notice required to be served in accordance with 1946 c. 49. paragraph 3(1)(6) of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land

(Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 (notices stating effect of compulsory purchase order or, as the case may be, draft order) shall, without prejudice to so much of that paragraph as requires the notice to state the effect of the order, include a statement that the authority have made application for a direction for minimum compensation or, as the case may be, that the Secretary of State has included such a direction in the draft order prepared by him in accordance with paragraph 7 of that Schedule and shall in either case explain the meaning of the expression " direction for minimum compensation ". 4 5

(4) A direction for minimum compensation, in relation to a building compulsorily acquired, is a direction that for the purpose of assessing compensation it is to be assumed, notwith-

1961 c. 33. standing anything to the contrary in the Land Compensation Act 1961 or this Act, that planning permission would not be granted for any development or re-development of the site of the building and that listed building consent would not be granted for any works for the demolition, alteration or extension of the building other than development or works necessary for restoring it to, and maintaining it in, a proper state of repair; and if a compulsory purchase order is confirmed or made with the inclusion of such a direction, the compensation in respect of the compulsory acquisition shall be assessed in accordance with the direction.

(5) Where the local authority include in a compulsory purchase order made by them an application for a direction for

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1825

minimum compensation, or the Secretary of State includes such Part VI a direction in a draft compulsory purchase order prepared by him, any person having an interest in the building may, within twenty-eight days after the service of the notice required by paragraph 3(1 )(b)of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1946, apply to a magistrates’ court acting for the petty sessions area in which the building is situated for an order that the local authority’s application for a direction for minimum compensation be refused or, as the case may be, that such a direction be not included in the compulsory purchase order as made by the Secretary of State; and if the court is satisfied that the building has not been deliberately allowed to fall into disrepair for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the court shall make the order applied for.

(6) A person aggrieved by the decision of a magistrates* court on an application under subsection (5) of this section may appeal against the decision to the Crown Court.

(7) The rights conferred by subsections (5) and (6) of this section shall not prejudice those conferred by section 114(6) and (7) of this Act.

118.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, upon the Extinguish-completion by the acquiring authority of a compulsory acquisi- meat of rights tion of land under this Part of this Act, all private rights of way ^mpulsorily and rights of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining acquired, any apparatus on, under or over the land shall be extinguished, and any such apparatus shall vest in the acquiring authority.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any right vested in, or apparatus belonging to, statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

(3) In respect of any right or apparatus not falling within subsection (2) of this section, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject—

(< a)to any direction given by the acquiring authority before the completion of the acquisition that subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any right or apparatus specified in the direction; and

(b) to any agreement which may be made (whether before or after the completion of the acquisition) between the acquiring authority and the person in or to whom the right or apparatus in question is vested or belongs.

(4) Any person who suffers loss by the extinguishment of a right or the vesting of any apparatus under this section shall be entitled to compensation from the acquiring authority.

1826

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI 1961 c. 33.

Acquisition of land by agreement.

1965 c. 56.

c. 78

(5) Any compensation payable under this section shall be determined in accordance with the Land Compensation Act 1961.

119.—(1) The council of any county, county borough, London borough or county district may acquire by agreement—

(a) any land which they require for any purpose for which a local authority may be authorised to acquire land under section 112 of this Act;

(b) any building appearing to them to be of special architectural or historic interest; and

(c) any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to such a building which appears to the Secretary of State to be required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management.

(2) The powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section shall not be exerciseable by a council except with the consent of the Secretary of State, unless the land which is to be acquired either—

(a) is immediately required by the council for the purpose for which it is to be acquired; or

(b)if it is not so required, is land within the area of the council.

(3) The provisions of Part I of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 (so far as applicable), other than sections 4 to 8, section 10 and section 31, shall apply in relation to the acquisition of land under this section.

(4) The powers conferred by this section on the councils of London boroughs shall be exerciseable also by the Greater London Council—

(a) in a London borough, with the consent of the council

of the borough; or

(b) in the Inner Temple or the Middle Temple with the

consent of the Sub-Treasurer or, as the case may be, Under-Treasurer thereof; or

(c) in any of the areas aforesaid if the appropriate consent

aforesaid is withheld, with the consent of the Secretary of State; or

id) in relation to land in any of the areas aforesaid, without any such consent as aforesaid, if the land is used for the purposes of an industrial or commercial undertaking and is to be acquired incidentally to the removal of that undertaking from Greater London.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1827

120. Without prejudice to the generality of the powers con- Part VI ferred by the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, any Acquisition power of a local authority to acquire land thereunder, whether compulsorily or by agreement, shall include power to acquire exchange, land required for giving in exchange—

(a) for land appropriated under section 121 of this Act;

or

(b) for Green Belt land, within the meaning of the Green 1938 c. xciii.

Belt (London and Home Counties) Act 1938, appropriated in accordance with that Act for any purpose specified in a development plan.

121.—(1) Any local authority may be authorised, by an order Appropriation made by that authority and confirmed by the Secretary of State, ,a°d to appropriate for any purpose for which that authority can be authorised to acquire land under any enactment any land for the common etc. time being held by them for other purposes, being land which is or forms part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment (including any such land which is specially regulated by any enactment, whether public general or local or private), other than land which is Green Belt land within the meaning of the Green Belt (London and Home Counties) Act 1938.

(2) Paragraph 11 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land 1946 c. 49. (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 (special provision with respect to compulsory purchase orders under that Act relating

to land forming part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment) shall apply to an order under this section authorising the appropriation of land as it applies to a compulsory purchase order under that Act.

(3) Section 163 of the Local Government Act 1933 (general 1933 c. 51 provisions as to the appropriation of land by local authorities)

shall not apply to land which a local authority have power to appropriate under subsection (1) of this section.

(4) Where land appropriated under this section was acquired under an enactment incorporating the Lands Clauses Acts, any works executed on the land after the appropriation has been effected shall, for the purposes of section 68 of the Lands Clauses 1845 c. 18. Consolidation Act 1845 and section 10 of the Compulsory Pur-1955 c 55. chase Act 1965 be deemed to have been authorised by the enactment under which the land was acquired.

(5) On an appropriation of land by a local authority under this section, where—

(a) the authority is not an authority to whom Part II of the Act of 1959 applies; or

(b) the land was immediately before the appropriation held by the authority for the purposes of a grant-aided

1828

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI

Appropriaton of land held for planning purposes.

1933 c. 51.

1845 c. 18. 1965 c. 56.

c. 78

function within the meaning of the Act of 1959, or is appropriated by the authority for the purposes of such a function,

there shall be made in the accounts of the local authority such adjustments as the Secretary of State may direct.

(6) On an appropriation under this section which does not fall within subsection (5) of this section, there shall be made such adjustment of accounts as is required by section 24(1) of the Act of 1959.

Powers exercisable in relation to land held for planning purposes, and other related powers

122.—(1) Where any land has been acquired or appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes and is for the time being held by the authority for the purposes for which it was so acquired or appropriated, the authority (subject to the following provisions of this section) may appropriate the land for any purpose for which they are or may be authorised in any capacity to acquire land by virtue of or under any enactment not contained in this Part of this Act.

(2) The consent of the Secretary of State shall be requisite to any appropriation under this section—

(a) by an authority which is not an authority to whom

Part II of the Act of 1959 applies; or

(b) of land which, immediately before the appropriation,

is land which consists or forms part of a common, or formerly consisted or formed part of a common, and is held or managed by a local authority in accordance with a local Act,

and any such consent may be given either in respect of a particular appropriation or in respect of appropriations of any class, and may be given either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section 23 of the Act of 1959 (consent of Ministers to appropriations in certain cases) the power of appropriation conferred by subsection (1) of this section shall (except in respect of any exercise thereof in circumstances falling within subsection (2) of this section) be deemed to be a power in relation to which subsection (1) of that section has effect.

(4) In relation to any appropriation under this section—

(a) subsection (2) of section 163 of the Local Government Act 1933 (which relates to the operation of section 68 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845 and section 10 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965); and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1829

(b) subsections (5) and (6) of section 121 of this Act, Part VI

shall have effect as they have effect in relation to appropriations under those sections respectively.

(5) In relation to any such land as is mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section, this section shall have effect to the exclusion of the provisions of section 163(1) of the Local Government Act 1933 c. 51. 1933.

123*—(1) Where any land has been acquired or appropriated Disposal of by a local authority for planning purposes, and is for the timeIand held being held by the authority for the purposes for which it was for Plann,n6 so acquired or appropriated, the authority may dispose of the purposes’ land to such person, in such manner and subject to such conditions as may appear to them to be expedient in order to secure the best use of that or other land and any buildings or works which have been, or are to be, erected, constructed or carried out thereon, whether by themselves or by any other person, or to secure the erection, construction or carrying out thereon of any buildings or works appearing to them to be needed for the proper planning of the area of the authority.

(2) The consent of the Secretary of State shall be requisite to any disposal under this section—

(a) by an authority which is not an authority to whom

Part II of the Act of 1959 applies; or

(b) of land acquired or appropriated for planning purposes for a reason mentioned in section 112(l)(u) to (c) of this Act; or

(c) of land which, immediately before the disposal, is land

which consists or forms part of a common, or formerly consisted or formed part of a common, and is held or managed by a local authority in accordance with a local Act,

and any such consent may be given either in respect of a particular disposal or in respect of disposals of any class, and may be given either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations.

(3) For the purposes of subsections (2) and (3) of section 26 of the Act of 1959 (consent of Ministers to disposals in certain cases), any disposal of land under this section shall be deemed to be a disposal which, apart from that section, could not be effected except with the consent of a Minister; and for the purposes of subsection (4) of that section (disposals for a price, consideration or rent less than the best reasonably obtainable) the power of disposal conferred by subsection (I) of this section shall (except in respect of any exercise thereof in circumstances

1830

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI falling within subsection (2) of this section) be deemed to be a power in relation to which subsection (1) of that section has effect.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, if it appears to the Secretary of State that it is expedient as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section that a local authority should dispose of land under this section to any person, and the authority have refused to dispose of it to him or are unable to reach agreement with him as to the manner in which, or the terms or conditions on or subject to which, it is to be disposed of to him, the Secretary of State may, after consultation with the authority and that person, require the authority to offer to dispose of it to him, and give directions as to the manner of the disposal and as to all or any of the terms or conditions on or subject to which it is to be offered to him.

(5) A local authority shall not be required by any directions given under subsection (4) of this section (except to such extent as may appear to the Secretary of State to be requisite in any particular case for giving effect to subsection (7) of this section) to offer to dispose of land for a money consideration less than the best that can reasonably be obtained, having regard to the other terms and conditions on and subject to which the offer is to be made; and any difference as to what is the best consideration shall be referred to and determined by an arbitrator agreed between the Secretary of State and the authority, or, in default of such agreement, shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

(6) In estimating the best consideration for the purposes of subsection (5) of this section, any amount which only a particular purchaser might be prepared to offer by reason of special needs of his shall be disregarded.

(7) In relation to land acquired or appropriated for planning purposes for a reason mentioned in section 112(l)(a) to (c) of this Act the powers conferred by this section on a local authority, and on the Secretary of State in respect of the giving of consent to disposals under this section, shall be so exercised as to secure, so far as may be practicable, to persons who were living or carrying on business or other activities on any such land which the authority have acquired as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, who desire to obtain accommodation on such land, and who are willing to comply with any requirements of the authority as to the development and use of such land, an opportunity to obtain thereon accommodation suitable to their reasonable requirements, on terms settled with due regard to the price at which any such land has been acquired from them.

In this subsection "development" includes redevelopment.

v^.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1831

(8) Subject to the provisions of section 27 of the Act of Part VI 1959 (which enables capital money in certain cases to be applied without the consent or approval of a Minister which would otherwise be required), section 166 of the Local Government 1933 c. 51. Act 1933 (which relates to the application of capital money received from the disposal of land) shall have effect in relation

to capital money received in respect of transactions under this section as it has effect in relation to capital money received in respect of such transactions as are mentioned in that section.

(9) In relation to any such land as is mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section, this section shall have effect to the exclusion of sections 164 and 165 of the Local Government Act 1933.

124.—(1) The functions of a local authority shall include Development power for the authority, notwithstanding any limitation imposed l®"d held by law on the capacity of the authority by virtue of its constitution, to erect, construct or carry out any building or work p on any land to which this section applies, not being a building or work for the erection, construction or carrying out of which, whether by that local authority or by any other person, statutory power exists by virtue of, or could be conferred under, an alternative enactment.

(2) This section applies to any land which has been acquired or appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes and is for the time being held by the authority for the purposes for which it was so acquired or appropriated.

(3) The consent of the Secretary of State shall be requisite to any exercise by a local authority of the power conferred on them by subsection (1) of this section; and any such consent may be given either in respect of a particular operation or in respect of operations of any class, and either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations.

(4) Where a local authority propose to carry out any operation which they would have power to carry out by virtue only of subsection (1) of this section, they shall notify the Secretary of State of their proposal, and the Secretary of State may direct such advertisement by the authority as appears to him to be requisite for the purposes of subsection (3) of this section.

(5) The functions of a local authority shall include power for the authority, notwithstanding any such limitation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, to repair, maintain and insure any buildings or works on land to which this section applies, and generally to deal therewith in a proper course of management.

1832

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

Part VI (6) A local authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, enter into arrangements with an authorised association for the carrying out by the association of any operation which, apart from the arrangements, the local authority would have power under this section to carry out, on such terms (including terms as to the making of payments or loans by the authority to the association) as may be specified in the arrangements:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising such an association to carry out any operation which they would not have power to carry out apart from this subsection.

(7) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a local authority which is actionable at the suit of any person on any grounds other than such a limitation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(8) In this section " alternative enactment " means any enactment which is not contained in this Part of this Act, in section 2

1960 c. 18. or 14 of the Local Employment Act 1960, in section 2, 5 1963 c. 29. or 6 of the Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963, or in section 20

1966 c. 34. or 21(4) of the Industrial Development Act 1966; and " autho-

rised association " means any society, company or body of persons approved by the Secretary of State whose objects include the promotion, formation or management of garden cities, garden suburbs or garden villages, and the erection, improvement or management of buildings for the working classes and others, and which does not trade for profit or whose constitution forbids the issue of any share or loan capital with interest or dividend exceeding the rate for the time being fixed by the Treasury.

Special 125.—(1) In the exercise of the powers of appropriation, dis-

provisions posal and development conferred by the provisions of sections as *°hfe*tyrcs 122, 123 and 124(1) of this Act, a local authority shall have of architectural ^8^ to the desirability of preserving features of special archi-and historic tectural or historic interest, and in particular, listed buildings; interest. and the Secretary of State shall not give his consent to the appropriation or disposal thereunder of any land comprising a listed building, or to the erection, construction or carrying out of any building or work on any such land, unless either—

(a) the consent is given subject to such conditions or limita-

tions as in the opinion of the Secretary of State will secure the preservation of the listed building; or

(b) the Secretary of State, after giving the requisite notice

of the application for his consent, is satisfied that the purpose which the local authority seek to achieve by the proposed exercise of their powers is one which ought in the public interest to be carried out, and that

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1833

the carrying out of that purpose, whether by the use Part VI of the land in question or otherwise, either—

(i) would be prevented by the preservation of the listed building; or

(ii) would be so affected by the preservation thereof that, notwithstanding the desirability of preserving the building, it is inexpedient to do so.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (l)(h) of this section the requisite notice of an application for the consent of the Secretary of State is a notice which—

ia) contains such particulars of the appropriation, disposal or operation for which his consent is sought as appear to him to be requisite; and

(b) not less than twenty-eight days before he gives his decision on the application, is published in the London Gazette and, in each of two successive weeks, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land is situated.

(3) In this section " preservation ", in relation to a building, means the preservation thereof either in its existing state or subject only to such alterations or extensions as can be carried out without serious detriment to its character, and "development " includes redevelopment.

(4) This section is without prejudice to the provisions of section 277(5) of this Act.

126. —(1) Where a local authority acquire any building or Management

other land under section 114(1) or 119(l)(h) of this Act, they etc. of may make such arrangements as to its management, use or disposal as they consider appropriate for the purpose of its acquire? by preservation. local

(2) Where the Secretary of State acquires any building or secretary °T other land under section 114(2) of this Act, subsection (3) of of State, section 5 of the Historic Buildings and Ancient Monuments Act 1953 c. 49. 1953 (management, custody and disposal), except so much of it as refers to subsection (4) of that section, shall apply in relation thereto as it applies in relation to property acquired under that section. 127

127. —(1) The erection, construction or carrying out, or main- power to tenance, of any building or work on land which has been override acquired or appropriated by a local authority for planning easements purposes, whether done by the local authority or by a person " deriving title under them, is authorised by virtue of this section ngn

if it is done in accordance with planning permission, notwithstanding that it involves interference with an interest or right to

1834

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI which this section applies, or involves a breach of a restriction as to the user of land arising by virtue of a contract:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise interference with any right of way or right of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining apparatus on, under or over land, being a right vested in or belonging to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

(2) This section applies to the following interests and rights, that is to say, any easement, liberty, privilege, right or advantage annexed to land and adversely affecting other land, including any natural right to support.

(3) In respect of any interference or breach in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, compensation shall be payable

1845 c. 18. under section 63 or 68 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act

1965 c. 56. 1845 or under section 7 or 10 of the Compulsory Purchase Act

1965 to be assessed in the same manner and subject to the same rules as in the case of other compensation under those sections in respect of injurious affection where the compensation is to be estimated in connection with a purchase under those Acts or the injury arises from the execution of works on land acquired under those Acts.

(4) Where a person deriving title under the local authority by whom the land in question was acquired or appropriated is liable to pay compensation by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, and fails to discharge that liability, the liability shall be enforceable against the local authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting any agreement between the local authority and any other person for indemnifying the local authority against any liability under this subsection.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the suit of any person on any grounds other than such an interference or breach as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

Use and 128.—(1) Any consecrated land, whether or not including a

development building, which has been acquired by a Minister, a local lanTandm 60 authority or statutory undertakers under this Part of this Act burial grounds, or compulsorily under any other enactment, or which has been appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes, may, subject to the following provisions of this section—

(a) in the case of land acquired by a Minister, be used in

any manner by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land; and

(b) in any other case, be used by any person in any manner

in accordance with planning permission.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1835

notwithstanding any obligation or restriction imposed under ecclesiastical law or otherwise in respect of consecrated land:

Provided that this subsection does not apply to land which consists or forms part of a burial ground.

(2) Any use of consecrated land authorised by subsection (1) of this section, and the use of any land, not being consecrated land, acquired or appropriated as therein mentioned which at the time of acquisition or appropriation included a church or other building used or formerly used for religious worship or the site thereof, shall be subject to compliance with the prescribed requirements with respect to the removal and reinterment of any human remains, and the disposal of monuments and fixtures and furnishings; and, in the case of consecrated land, shall be subject to such provisions as may be prescribed for prohibiting or restricting the use of the land, either absolutely or until the prescribed consent has been obtained, so long as any church or other building used or formerly used for religious worship, or any part thereof, remains on the land.

(3) Any regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section—

(a) shall contain such provisions as appear to the Secretary

of State to be requisite for securing that any use of land which is subject to compliance with the regulations shall, as nearly as may be, be subject to the like control as is imposed by law in the case of a similar use authorised by an enactment not contained in this Act or by a Measure, or as it would be proper to impose on a disposal of the land in question otherwise than in pursuance of an enactment or Measure;

(b) shall contain requirements relating to the disposal of

any such land as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section such as appear to the Secretary of State requisite for securing that the provisions of that subsection shall be complied with in relation to the use of the land; and

(c) may contain such incidental and consequential provi-

sions (including provision as to the closing of registers) as appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(4) Any land consisting of a burial ground or part of a burial ground, which has been acquired or appropriated as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, may—

(a) in the case of land acquired by a Minister, be used in any manner by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land; and

Part VI

1836

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI

1857 c. 81.

(b) in any other case, be used by any person in any manner in accordance with planning permission,

notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to burial grounds or any obligation or restriction imposed under ecclesiastical law or otherwise in respect of burial grounds:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in respect of any land which has been used for the burial of the dead until the prescribed requirements with respect to the removal and reinterment of human remains, and the disposal of monuments, in or upon the land have been complied with.

(5) Provision shall be made by any regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section and the proviso to subsection (4) of this section—

(a) for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to

publish notice of their intention to carry out the removal and reinterment of any human remains or the disposal of any monuments;

(b) for enabling the personal representatives or relatives of

any deceased person themselves to undertake the removal and reinterment of the remains of the deceased, and the disposal of any monument commemorating the deceased, and for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to defray the expenses of such removal, reinterment and disposal, not exceeding such amount as may be prescribed;

(c) for requiring compliance with such reasonable condi-

tions (if any) as may be imposed, in the case of consecrated land, by the bishop of the diocese, with respect to the manner of removal, and the place and manner of reinterment of any human remains, and the disposal of any monuments, and with any directions given in any case by the Secretary of State with respect to the removal and reinterment of any human remains.

(6) Subject to the provisions of any such regulations, no faculty shall be required for the removal and reinterment in accordance with the regulations of any human remains, or for the removal or disposal of any monuments, and the provisions of section 25 of the Burial Act 1857 (prohibition of removal of human remains without the licence of the Secretary of State except in certain cases) shall not apply to a removal carried out in accordance with the regulations.

(7) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the suit of any person on any grounds other than contravention of any such obligation, restriction or enactment as is mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1837

(8) In this section " burial ground " includes any churchyard. Part VI cemetery or other ground, whether consecrated or not, which has at any time been set apart for the purposes of interment, and "monument" includes a tombstone or other memorial.

129. —(1) Any land being, or forming part of, a common, open Use and space or fuel or field garden allotment, which has been acquired development by a Minister, a local authority or statutory undertakers underonenwjaces this Part of this Act or compulsorily under any other enactment, ^ p

or which has been appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes, may—

(a) in the case of land acquired by a Minister, be used in

any manner by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land; and

(b) in any other case, be used by any person in any manner

in accordance with planning permission,

notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to land of that kind, or in any enactment by which the land is specially regulated.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the suit of any person on any grounds other than contravention of any such enactment as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

130. —(1) Where any land has been acquired or appropriated Displacement for planning purposes and is for the time being held by a local persons authority for the purposes for which it was acquired or appro- aSSired or priated, and the carrying out of redevelopment on the land will appropriated, involve the displacement of persons residing in premises thereon,

it shall be the duty of the authority, in so far as there is no other residential accommodation suitable to the reasonable requirements of those persons available on reasonable terms, to secure the provision of such accommodation in advance of the displacements from time to time becoming necessary as the redevelopment proceeds.

(2) Section 144 of the Housing Act 1957 (obligations as to 1957 c. 56. the provision of housing accommodation where land is acquired

under statutory powers) shall not have effect in relation to an acquisition by a local authority under section 112 of this Act. 3

(3) If the Secretary of State certifies that possession of a house which has been acquired or appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes, and is for the time being held by the authority for the purposes for which it was acquired or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1838

Part VI 1968 c. 23.

Constitution of joint body to hold land acquired for planning purposes.

c. 78

appropriated, is immediately required for those purposes, nothing in the Rent Act 1968 shall prevent the acquiring or appropriating authority from obtaining possession of the house.

(4) Where any land has been acquired by a Minister or a local authority under this Part of this Act, or has been appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes, that Minister or the local authority in question, as the case may be—

(a) may pay to any person who is displaced in the carrying

out of redevelopment on the land such reasonable allowance as he or they think fit towards his expenses in removing; and

(b) may pay to a person carrying on any business in a

building from which he is so displaced such reasonable allowance as he or they think fit towards the loss which, in his or their opinion, that person will sustain by reason of the disturbance to his business consequent on his having to quit the building.

(5) In estimating loss for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of this section, the Minister or local authority in question shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by the person referred to in that paragraph might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of that person’s business, and to the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

131.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local authorities concerned, to be expedient that any land acquired by a local authority for planning purposes should be held by a joint body, consisting of representatives of that authority and of any other local authority, he may by order provide for the establishment of such a joint body and for the transfer to that body of the land so acquired. 2

(2) Any order under this section providing for the establishment of a joint body may make such provision as the Secretary of State considers expedient with respect to the constitution and functions of that body, including provisions—

(a) for incorporating the joint body;

(b) for conferring on them, in relation to land transferred to them as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, any of the powers conferred on local authorities by this Part of this Act in relation to land acquired and held by such authorities for the purposes of this Part of this Act;

(c) for determining the manner in which their expenses are

to be defrayed.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1839

(3) Regulations under this Act may make such provision consequential upon or supplementary to the provisions of this section as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.

Supplementary provisions

132.—(1) Where it is proposed that land should be acquired compulsorily under section 112 or 113 of this Act. and a compulsory purchase order relating to that land is submitted to the confirming authority in accordance with Part I of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946, or, as the case may be, is made in draft by the Secretary of State for the Environment in accordance with Part II of that Schedule, the confirming authority or that Secretary of State, as the case may be, may disregard for the purposes of that Schedule any objection to the order or draft which, in the opinion of that authority or Secretary of State, amounts in substance to an objection to the provisions of the development plan defining the proposed use of that or any other land.

(2) Where a compulsory purchase order authorising the acquisition of any land under section 112 of this Act is submitted to the Secretary of State in accordance with Part I of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1946, then if the Secretary of State—

(a) is satisfied that the order ought to be confirmed so

far as it relates to part of the land comprised therein; but

(b) has not for the time being determined whether it ought

to be confirmed so far as it relates to any other such land.

he may confirm the order so far as it relates to the land mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, and give directions postponing consideration of the order, so far as it relates to any other land specified in the directions, until such time as may be so specified.

(3) Where the Secretary of State gives directions under subsection (2) of this section, the notices required by paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1946 to be published and served shall include a statement of the effect of the directions.

(4) In construing the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 in relation to any of the provisions of this Part of this Act—

(a) references to the execution of the works shall be construed as including references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works authorised by section 127 of this Act:

Part VI

Modification of incorporated enactments for purposes of Part VI.

1946 c. 49.

1965 c. 56.

1840

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VI

Interpretation of Part VI.

Scope of Part VII.

(b) in relation to the erection, construction or carrying out

of any buildings or works so authorised, references in section 10 of the said Act of 1965 to the acquiring authority shall be construed as references to the person by whom the buildings or works in question are erected, constructed or carried out; and

(c) references to the execution of the works shall be con-

strued as including also references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works on behalf of a Minister or statutory undertakers on land acquired by that Minister or those undertakers, where the buildings or works are erected, constructed or carried out for the purposes for which the land was acquired.

133.—(1) In this Part of this Act any reference to the acquisition of land for planning purposes is a reference to the acquisition thereof under section 112 or 119 of this Act or section 68 or 71 of the Act of 1962 and any reference to the appropriation of land for planning purposes is a reference to the appropriation thereof for purposes for which land can be or could have been acquired under those sections.

(2) In relation to a local authority or body corporate, nothing in sections 127 to 129 of this Act shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on their part in contravention of any limitation imposed by law on their capacity by virtue of the constitution of the authority or body.

(3) Any power conferred by section 128 or 129 of this Act to use land in a manner therein mentioned shall be construed as a power so to use the land, whether it involves the erection, construction or carrying out of any building or work, or the maintenance of any building or work, or not.

Part VII

Compensation for Planning Decisions Restricting New Development

Unexpended balance of established development value

134.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect for enabling compensation to be claimed in respect of planning decisions whereby permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies is refused or is granted subject to conditions.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1841

(2) This section applies to any land in respect of which plan- Part VII ning permission is refused or is granted subject to conditions,

by a planning decision if, at the time of the planning decision, that land, or part of that land, has an unexpended balance of established development value.

(3) In accordance with the proviso to subsection (2) of section 32 of this Act, that subsection does not apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(4) In this Part of this Act "interest" (where the reference is to an interest in land) means the fee simple or a tenancy of the land, and does not include any other interest therein; and any reference to the local planning authority, in relation to a planning decision made on behalf of that authority by another authority, by virtue of the delegation of any functions of the local planning authority to that other authority, shall be construed as a reference to that other authority.

135.—(1) In determining, for the purposes of this Part of this Derivation of Act, whether land has an unexpended balance of established unexpended development value, regard shall be had to claims made, in pur- Jjjjjijjj®® "J™ suance of Part VI of the Act of 1947, for payments under the part yj of scheme provided for by section 58 of that Act (that is to say. Act of 1947. the scheme which, but for the provisions of section 2 of the 1953 c. 16. Town and Country Planning Act 1953, would have fallen to be made under the said section 58, providing for payments in respect of interests in land depreciated in value by virtue of the provisions of the Act of 1947).

(2) Where such a claim was made in respect of an interest in land, that claim shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be taken to have been established in respect of that land under Part VI of the Act of 1947 if an amount was determined under the said Part VI as being the development value of the interest to which the claim related, and payment in respect of that interest would not have been excluded—

(a) by section 63 of the Act of 1947 (which excluded claims

where the development value was small in proportion to the area, or to the restricted value, of the land); or

(b) by any of sections 82 to 85 of that Act (which related

to certain land belonging to local authorities, development corporations and statutory undertakers, and to land held on charitable trusts); or

(c) by section 84 of that Act as applied by regulations

under section 90 of that Act (which related to the National Coal Board).

1842

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part Vfl

1953 c. 16.

Original

unexpended

balance of

established

development

value.

c. 78

(3) In this Part of this Act " established claim " means a claim which by virtue of subsection (2) of this section is to be taken to have been established as therein mentioned, and references to the establishment of a claim shall be construed accordingly; and " the claim area ", in relation to an established claim, means the land in respect of which the claim is by virtue of that subsection to be taken to have been established.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to the benefit of an established claim—

(a) in relation to any time before the passing of the Town

and Country Planning Act 1953, whether before or after the making of the claim, or before or after the establishment thereof, shall be construed as references to the prospective right, under and subject to the provisions of the scheme referred to in subsection (1) of this section, to receive a payment in respect of the interest in land to which the claim related; and

(b) in relation to any time after the passing of the said

Act of 1953, shall be construed as references to such prospective right to the satisfaction of the claim as subsisted by virtue of section 2 of that Act immediately before 1st January 1955 (being the date of the commencement of the Act of 1954);

and references to part of the benefit of an established claim shall be construed accordingly.

(5) References in this Part of this Act to the amount of an established claim are references to the amount determined under Part VI of the Act of 1947 as being the development value of the interest in land to which the claim related.

(6) In this section any reference to Part VI of the Act of 1947 includes a reference to the provisions of the said Part VI as modified by Schedule 1 to the Act of 1954.

136.—(1) In this Part of this Act "original unexpended balance of established development value", in relation to any land, means the unexpended balance of established development value which that land had immediately after the time when, in accordance with section 138 of this Act, the adjustment of claim holdings is deemed to have been completed. 2

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act land shall be taken to have had such a balance if, immediately after the time referred to in subsection (1) of this section—

(a) there were subsisting one or more claim holdings whose area consisted of that land, or included that land together with other land; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1843

c. 78

(b) there was not subsisting any claim holding whose area Part vn consisted of part only of that land, whether with or without other land.

(3) Where subsection (2) of this section applies, there shall be attributed to the land referred to in that subsection—

(a)the value of any claim holding having an area consisting of that land; and

(b) such fraction of the value of any claim holding whose area included that land as attached to that land,

and the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be taken to have been an amount equal to eight-sevenths of the amount or aggregate amount so attributed.

137.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and of Claim

section 138 of this Act, in this Part of this Act— holdings,

their areas

(a) " claim holding " means the benefit of an established and values.

claim, references to the area of a claim holding are references to the land which, in relation to the established claim constituting that holding, is the claim area, and references to the value of a claim holding are references to the amount of the established claim constituting that holding; and

(b) references to the fraction of the value of a claim hold-

ing which attached to a part of the area of the holding are references to so much of the amount of the established claim of which that holding represents the benefit or part of the benefit (in this section referred to as "the relevant established claim") as was properly attributable to that part of the area of the holding.

(2) In the case of a claim holding where—

(a) the area of the holding is the same as the claim area of

the relevant established claim ; but

(b) the value of the claim holding is, by virtue of the

adjustment of claim holdings, less than the amount of the relevant established claim,

the amount of any such fraction as is referred to in subsection <l)(b) of this section shall be treated as reduced proportionately.

(3) In the case of a claim holding where—

(a) the area of the holding consists of part only of the

claim area of the relevant established claim; and

(b) the value of the holding is, by virtue of the adjustment

of claim holdings, less or greater than so much of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1844

Part VU

Adjustment of claim holdings.

General provision for continuance of original unexpended balance.

Reduction or extinguishment of balance in consequence of compensation.

c. 78

amount of the relevant established claim as was properly attributable to the area of the holding,

the amount of any such fraction as is referred to in subsection

(1)(£>) of this section shall be treated as reduced, or (as the case may be) increased, proportionately.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the part of the amount of the relevant established claim which was properly attributable to any land forming part of the claim area shall be taken to have been so much of the amount of that claim as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to that land if the authority determining that amount had been required to apportion it, in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination, between that land and the residue of the claim area.

138. —(1) The provisions of Schedule 15 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act; and any reference in this Part of this Act to the adjustment of claim holdings is a reference to the operation of those provisions.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the adjustment of claim holdings shall be deemed to have been completed on 1st January 1955.

139. Where in accordance with section 136 of this Act land had an original unexpended balance of established development value, then, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, that land shall be taken—

(a) to have continued to have that balance until the com-

mencement of this Act; and

(b) to continue to have that balance at all times thereafter. 140

140. —(1) Where at any time compensation becomes payable under this Part of this Act, or became payable under Part II of the Act of 1954 or Part VI of the Act of 1962, in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision, then, for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has or had an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, the amount of the compensation shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land, and the original unexpended balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the recovery of compensation on subsequent development.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1845

141.—(1) Where in accordance with section 136 of this Part VII Act land had an original unexpended balance of established Reduction or development value, and at any time on or after the appointed extinguish-day (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) any jj«t of new development of that land is or was initiated, then (subject to jjjfifjj® the following provisions of this section) for the purpose of devdop-determining whether that land or any part thereof has or had ment. an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time—

(a) if the development relates or related only to that land, the value of that development (ascertained, with reference to that subsequent time, in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 16 to this Act); or

(b) if the development relates or related to that land together with other land, so much of the value of that development (so ascertained) as is or was attributable to that land.

shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land, and the original unexpended balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any land if, in respect of any interest therein, a payment has become or becomes payable under section 59 of the Act of 1947 (which provided for payments in respect of certain war-damaged land).

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section no account shall be taken of any development initiated before 1st January 1955, if—

(a) a development charge under Part VII of the Act of 1947 was determined to be payable in respect thereof, or would have fallen to be so determined but for any exemption conferred by regulations under that Part of that Act, or by any provisions of Part VIII of that Act; or

(b) in a certificate issued under section 58 of the Act of 1954 (which related to monopoly value of licensed premises) it was certified that a development charge could have been determined to be payable in respect of that development if the circumstances referred to in subsection (l)(a) or (b) of that section had not existed.

E

1846

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII

Reduction or extinguishment of balance on acquisition of land under compulsory powers.

1919 c. 57.

142.—(1) Where in the case of—

(a) a compulsory acquisition to which this section applies;

or

(b) a sale of an interest in land by agreement in circum-

stances corresponding to such an acquisition,

any of the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsists or subsisted has or had an unexpended balance of established development value immediately before the relevant date (in this section referred to as " the relevant balance ") the following provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has or had an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time.

(2) This section applies—

(a) to every compulsory acquisition of an interest in land in

pursuance of a notice to treat served on or after 30th October 1958, whether before or after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) to every compulsory acquisition of an interest in land,

in pursuance of a notice to treat served on or after 1st January 1955 but before the said 30th October, by an authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, being at that time a government department or local or public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act 1919, or a person or body of persons to whom that Act applied as it applied to such a department or authority.

(3) Unless, immediately after the acquisition or sale, there is or was outstanding some interest (other than an excepted interest) in the land to which some person other than the acquiring authority is or was entitled, the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be treated as having been extinguished immediately before the subsequent time referred to in subsection (1) of this section.

(4) If, immediately after the acquisition or sale, there is or was such an outstanding interest (other than an excepted interest) as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, there shall be deducted from the said original balance an amount equal to any part of the relevant balance which is or was not attributable to any such outstanding interest, and the original unexpended balance of established development value of the land or the part thereof in question shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1847

(5) For the purposes of this section any question as to the PartVII portion of the relevant balance which is or was attributable to

an interest in land—

(a) in relation to a compulsory acquisition to which this

section applies, shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 17 to this Act; and

(b) in relation to a sale of an interest in land by agreement

in circumstances corresponding to such an acquisition, shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule as those provisions would apply if the sale had been a compulsory acquisition in pursuance of a notice to treat served on the relevant date.

(6) Any reference in this section or in section 143 of this Act to a sale of an interest in land by agreement in circumstances corresponding to a compulsory acquisition to which this section applies is a reference to a sale thereof—

(a) to an authority possessing compulsory purchase powers,

in pursuance of a contract made on or after 30th October 1958, whether before or after the commencement of this Act; or

(b) to such an authority possessing compulsory purchase

powers as is mentioned in subsection (2 of this section, in pursuance of a contract made on or after 1st January 1955 but before the said 30th October.

(7) In this section "the relevant date" means the date of service of the notice to treat or the date of the contract in pursuance of which the interest was sold, as the case may be, and " excepted interest " means the interest of any such person as is mentioned in section 20(1) of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 c. 56. 1965 (which relates to persons having no greater interest than

as tenant for a year or from year to year).

143.—(1) Where in connection with— Reduction or

(a) a compulsory acquisition to which section 142 of this

Act applies; or balance in

(b) a sale of an interest in land by agreement in circum- consequence

stances corresponding to such an acquisition, or inJurSu?

compensation is or was payable, or an amount is or was included in the purchase price, in respect of an interest in land other than the relevant land (in this section referred to as "the interest affected "), for damage sustained by reason that the relevant land is or was severed from other land held therewith, or that any other land (whether held with the relevant land or not) is or was injuriously affected, then (subject to the following provisions of this section) for the purpose of determining whether that other

Pt.m

E 2

v^.

1848

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part vn land or any part thereof has or had an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, there shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that other land an amount calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this section, and the original unexpended balance of that land, or of the part thereof in question, as the case may be, shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

(2) In the case of an acquisition or sale in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or contract made, on or after 30th October 1958, the amount to be deducted, as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, shall be the amount (if any) by which the compensation payable, or amount included in the purchase price, as therein mentioned exceeds or exceeded the compensation which would have been so payable, or the amount which would have been so included, if the extent of the damage sustained in respect of the other land in question had fallen to be ascertained on the assumption that planning permission would not be granted for any new development of that land, but would be granted for any development thereof other than new development.

(3) The following provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to any such acquisition or sale as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, being an acquisition or sale in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or contract made, before 30th October 1958; and any such acquisition or sale is hereinafter referred to as an acquisition or sale to which this subsection applies.

(4) No such deduction as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be made in the case of an acquisition or sale to which subsection (3) of this section applies unless—

(a) where it was a compulsory acquisition, an amount was

paid by way of compensation as mentioned in the said subsection (1);

(b) the amount which was so paid, or, in the case of a sale by agreement, was included in the purchase price as mentioned in the said subsection (1) (hereafter in this section referred to as " the sum paid for severance or injurious affection") exceeded the loss of immediate value of the interest affected; and

(c) where it was a sale by agreement, the other land in

question was held with the relevant land.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1849

(5) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the amount to be deducted as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, in the case of an acquisition or sale to which subsection (3) of this section applies, shall be the amount by which the sum paid for severance or injurious affection exceeded the loss of immediate value of the interest affected.

(6) The following provisions of this subsection shall have effect, in the case of an acquisition or sale to which subsection (3) of this section applies, where so much (if any) of the sum paid for severance or injurious affection as was attributable to the loss of immediate value of the interest affected was less than the depreciation in restricted value of that interest, that is to say—

(a) the amount of the difference shall be ascertained; and

(b) for the purpose of determining whether, at any time after the acquisition or sale, the land in which the interest affected subsisted or any part thereof had or has an unexpended balance of established development value (whether or not that land or any part thereof would apart from this subsection have had an original unexpended balance of established development value) a claim holding with an area consisting of that land and a value equal to seven-eighths of the amount of the difference shall be deemed to have subsisted immediately after the time when the adjustment of claim holdings was completed.

(7) In this section—

" the loss of immediate value " means the amount (if any) by which the difference in the value of the interest affected, immediately before and immediately after the acquisition or sale, exceeded the loss of development value;

44 the loss of development value '* means the amount (if any) by which the value of the interest affected immediately before the acquisition or sale, if calculated on the assumption that, until such time as the land in which that interest subsisted might reasonably be expected to become ripe for new development, no use whatever could be made of that land, would have exceeded the value of that interest immediately after the acquisition or sale if calculated on the like assumption; 44

44the depreciation in restricted value'* means the amount (if any) by which the value of the interest affected, immediately after the acquisition or sale, would have

Pt. in E 3

Part VII

1850

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII been less than the value of that interest immediately

before the acquisition or sale, if both values were calculated on the assumption that planning permission would not be granted for any new development of that land, but would be granted for any development thereof other than new development;

" the relevant land ", in relation to an acquisition or sale, means the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsisted.

Supplementary 144.—(i) Where, immediately after the time when the adjust-

P—- ment of claim holdings was completed, any land taken as a from original whole had an original unexpended balance of established balance. development value, and at any time thereafter (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) an act or event occurs or has occurred in relation to part of that land such that, in accordance with any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, an amount is required to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of that part of that land for the purpose of determining whether it has or had an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, then (without prejudice to the operation of any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to any part of the land taken separately) the land taken as a whole shall be treated as not having (or as not having had) any such balance at that subsequent time.

(2) Where in accordance with any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act an amount is required to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of any land, there shall be attributed to the various parts of that land so much of that amount as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed thereto if the authority determining the amount had been required to apportion it between those parts in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination. 3

(3) Where two or more acts or events occur or have occurred in relation to the same land (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) such that, in accordance with any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, an amount is required to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land or any part thereof, those provisions shall apply cumulatively, and the requisite deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be made by reference to each of those acts or events.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1851

145.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secre- part vn tary of State shall, on application being made to him by any Provision of person, and may if he thinks fit without any such application, information issue a certificate in the prescribed form with respect to any relating to land stating whether any of that land had an original unexpended {fiance ^ balance of established development value, and, if so—

(a) giving a general statement of what was taken by the

Central Land Board, for the purposes of Part VI of the Act of 1947, to be the state of that land on the appointed day; and

(b) specifying (subject to any outstanding claims under Part

I or Part V of the Act of 1954) the amount of that original balance.

(2) Any such certificate issued with respect to any land may, if the Secretary of State thinks fit, contain additional information with respect to acts or events in consequence of which, in accordance with any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, an amount is required to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of any of that land

(3) Where, at any time on or after 1st January 1955 (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), a notice to treat has been served with a view to the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land by an authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, that authority may apply to the Secretary of State for, and shall be entitled to the issue of, a certificate showing the unexpended balance of established development value (if any) of any of that land immediately before the service of that notice.

(4) Where the issue of a certificate under this section with respect to any land involves a new apportionment, or, in the case of a certificate under subsection (3) of this section, involves the calculation of a deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value by virtue of section 141 of this Act, then—

(a) except in the case of a certificate under subsection (3)

of this section, or of a certificate which the Secretary of State proposes to issue without any application being made for it, the certificate shall not be issued otherwise than on the application of a person who is for the time being entitled to an interest in that land;

(b) before issuing the certificate, the Secretary of State shall

give notice in writing to any person entitled to an interest in land appearing to him to be an interest which will be substantially affected by the apportionment or calculation, giving particulars of the proposed

Pt. Ill E 4

1852

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII

apportionment or calculation, and stating that objections or other representations with respect thereto may be made to the Secretary of State within the period of thirty days from the date of the notice; and

(c) the certificate shall not be issued before the end of that period, and if within that period an objection to the proposed apportionment or calculation has been made by any person to whom notice has been given under paragraph (b) of this subsection, or by any other person who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by the apportionment or calculation, and that objection has not been withdrawn, subsection (5) of this section shall have effect

(5) Where by virtue of subsection (4)(c) or this section this subsection is to have effect then—

(a) if within a further period of thirty days the person by

whom any such objection was made requires the dispute to be referred to the Lands Tribunal, the dispute shall be so referred, and the certificate shall not be issued until either the Tribunal has decided the matter or the reference to the Tribunal has been withdrawn;

(b) the certificate may be issued before the end of the said

further period if every such objection has been withdrawn;

(c) the certificate shall be issued at the end of that further

period, notwithstanding that every such objection has not been withdrawn, if no requirement has within that period been made under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(6) Where, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section, it is shown that a new apportionment relates partly to the same matters as a previous apportionment, and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the new apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

(7) A certificate under subsection (3) of this section shall be conclusive evidence of the unexpended balance shown therein ; and a certificate under subsection (1) of this section shall be sufficient proof of any facts stated therein unless the contrary is shown.

(8) An application for a certificate under this section shall be made in such form and manner as may be prescribed, and shall

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1853

be accompanied by sufficient particulars, including a map if PartVII necessary, to enable the land to be identified, and, where a new apportionment will be involved, particulars of the nature of the applicant's interest, and such information as to the nature of any other interest in the land, and as to the name and address of the person entitled to that other interest, as may be known to the applicant.

(9) On any application under subsection (1) of this section the applicant shall pay in the prescribed manner a fee of twenty-five new pence, and, if the application involves a new apportionment, die certificate shall not be issued until the applicant has paid in the prescribed manner a further fee of seventy-five new pence.

(10) In this section "new apportionment" means an apportionment which relates wholly or partly to any matter to which no previous apportionment related.

Right to compensation

146. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a person General shall be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in provision as respect of a planning decision whereby planning permission for to ri8ht to the carrying out of new development of land is refused, or is TOmPensaUon* granted subject to conditions, if—

(a) at the time of the decision he is entitled to an interest

in any land to which the decision relates which has an unexpended balance of established development value; and

(b) the value of that interest, or, in the case of an interest extending to other land, the value of that interest in so far as it subsists in such land as is referred to in the preceding paragraph, is depreciated by the decision.

147. —(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not planning

be payable— decisions not

(a) in respect of the refusal of planning permission for any conmpeniition.

development which consists of or includes the making of any material change in the use of any buildings or other land; or

(b) in respect of any decision made on an application in

pursuance of regulations under section 63 of this Act for consent to the display of advertisements. 2

(2) Compensation under this Part of tins Act shall not be payable in respect of the imposition, on the granting of planning permission to develop land, of any condition relating to—

(a) the number or disposition of buildings on any land;

1854

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VU

(b) the dimensions, design, structure or external appearance

of any building, or the materials to be used in its construction;

(c) the manner in which any land is to be laid out for the

purposes of the development, including the provision of facilities for the parking, loading, unloading or fuelling of vehicles on the land;

(d) the use of any buildings or other land; or

(e) the location or design of any means of access to a highway, or the materials to be used in the construction of any such means of access, or in respect of any condition subject to which permission is granted for the winning and working of minerals.

In this subsection " means of access to a highway " does not include a service road.

(3) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the application to any planning permission of any of the conditions referred to in sections 41 and 42 of this Act or in respect of the imposition of any condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies.

(4) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the application to any planning permission if the reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that development of the kind proposed would be premature by reference to either or both of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the order of priority (if any) indicated in the develop-

ment plan for the area in which the land is situated for development in that area;

(b) any existing deficiency in the provision of water sup-

plies or sewerage services, and the period within which any such deficiency may reasonably be expected to be made good:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the planning decision refusing the permission is made on an application made more than seven years after the date of a previous planning decision whereby permission to develop the same land was refused for the same reason, or for reasons which included the same reason.

(5) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the refusal of permission to develop land, if the reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that the land is unsuitable for the proposed development on account of its liability to flooding or to subsidence.

(6) For the purposes of this section, a planning decision whereby permission to develop land is granted subject to a condition prohibiting development on a specified part of that land shall

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1855

be treated as a decision refusing the permission with respect to Part VII that part of the land.

148. —(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not No com-

be payable in respect of a planning decision whereby permission pension if is refused for the development of land if, notwithstanding that Stterdevelop-refusal, there is available with respect to that land planning ment permission for development to which this section applies: permitted.

Provided that, where such permission is available with respect to part only of the land, this section shall have effect only in so far as the interest subsists in that part.

(2) Where a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act is made in respect of an interest in any land, planning permission for development to which this section applies shall be taken for the purposes of this section to be available with respect to that land or a part thereof if, immediately before the Secretary of State gives notice of his findings in respect of that claim, there is in force with respect to that land, or that part thereof, a grant of, or an undertaking by the Secretary of State to grant, planning permission for some such development, subject to no conditions other than such as are mentioned in section 147(2) of this Act.

(3) This section applies to any development of a residential, commercial or industrial character, being development which consists wholly or mainly of the construction of houses, flats, shop or office premises, or industrial buildings (including warehouses), or any combination thereof.

149. —(1) Where an interest in any land has (whether before Further or after the commencement of this Act) been compulsorily exclusions acquired by, or sold to, an authority possessing compulsory from c.ora* purchase powers (not being statutory undertakers or the National F*0531100-Coal Board), that authority, and any person deriving title from

that authority under a disposition made by that authority on or at any time after the appointed day, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision made after the service of the notice to treat, or after the making of the contract of sale, as the case may be, by reason that the value of that interest, or of any interest created (whether immediately or derivatively) out of that interest, is depreciated by the decision. 2

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply to land which has at any time on or after the appointed day (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) been appropriated by a local authority for a purpose for which the authority could have been authorised to acquire the land compulsorily, as it applies to land in which an interest has been acquired as mentioned in

1856

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part vn that subsection, with the substitution, for the reference to the service of the notice to treat, of a reference to the appropriation.

(3) Where at the relevant date any land was or is operational land of statutory undertakers, or land of the National Coal Board of a class specified in regulations made under section 90 of the Act of 1947 or under section 273 of this Act, the statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board, as the case may be, and any person deriving title from those undertakers or that Board, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act, in respect of a planning decision made after the relevant date, by reason that the value of any interest in that land is depreciated by that decision.

In this subsection "the relevant date", in relation to land which was such operational land or land of the National Coal Board as is mentioned in this subsection on 1st January 1955, means that day, and, in relation to land which (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) became or becomes such operational land or land of the National Coal Board on a date subsequent to the said 1st January, means that subsequent date.

(4) A person shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision if he is entitled to compensation by virtue of section 165 of this Act in respect of depreciation of the value of that interest by that decision.

Grant of

planning permission treated as subject to notional condition.

150.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where—

(a) on an application for planning permission for the carry-

ing out of new development of land, a planning decision is made whereby the permission is granted, whether unconditionally or subject to conditions; and

(b) the Secretary of State certifies that he is satisfied that

particular buildings or works to which the application related were only included therein because the applicant had reason to believe that permission for the other development to which the application related (in this section referred to as "the principal development") would not have been granted except subject to a condition requiring the erection or construction of those buildings or works. 2

(2) Where subsection (1) of this section applies, then for the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) the application shall be deemed to have included, in place of those buildings or works, such other development of the land on which the buildings or works were to be erected or constructed as might reasonably have

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1857

been expected to have been included having regard to Part vn the principal development; and

(b) the permission shall be deemed to have been granted for the principal development subject to a condition requiring the erection or construction of those buildings or works.

151. Where a notice under section 72(1) of this Act is served Notice under in respect of the whole or part of any land, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if the application, in ^sion g consequence of which the notice is served, had been an effective application for planning permission, and as if the notice had been a planning decision of the local planning authority refusing that permission in respect of that land or that part thereof, as the case may be.

Measure of compensation

152.—(1) Where a person is entitled to compensation under General this Part of this Act in respect of depreciation by a planning provisions as decision of the value of an interest in land, the amount of the compel ° compensation, subject to the following provisions of this section, sation. shall be whichever is the lesser of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount by which the value of that interest (if it is

an interest subsisting only in land to which this section applies), or (if it is an interest extending to other land) the amount by which the value of the interest in so far as it subsists in land to which this section applies, is depreciated by the decision; and

(b) the amount of the unexpended balance of established

development value, immediately before the decision, of so much of the land in which the interest subsists as is land to which this section applies.

(2) Land to which this section applies, in relation to a planning decision, is land which—

(a) constitutes or forms part of the decision area; and

(b) at the time of the decision has an unexpended balance

of established development value. 3

(3) If, in the case of any land to which this section applies, compensation is payable under this Part of this Act in respect of two or more interests in that land by reason of the same planning decision, and the aggregate amount of compensation payable apart from this subsection in respect of those interests would exceed the amount mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the amount mentioned in that paragraph shall be allocated between those interests in proportion

le

1858

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII

Assessment of depreciation.

to the depreciation of the value of each of them respectively, and the amount of the compensation payable in respect of any of those interests shall be the sum so allocated to that interest.

(4) Where the land constituting the decision area, taken as a whole, does not satisfy both of the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that at the time of the decision it has an unexpended

balance of established development value; and

(b) that every interest subsisting therein, the value of which

is depreciated by the decision, subsists in the whole of that land,

the provisions of subsection (5) of this section shall have effect for the purpose of assessing the compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of any interest subsisting in that land or any part thereof.

(5) Where this subsection applies in relation to an interest in land—

(a) the depreciation of the value of the interest by the plan-

ning decision shall first be ascertained with reference to the whole of the land which constitutes or forms part of the decision area and is land in which that interest subsists;

(b) the land referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection

shall then be treated as divided into as many parts as may be requisite to ensure that each such part consists of land which either satisfies both of the conditions mentioned in subsection (4) of this section or is not land which, at the time of the decision, has an unexpended balance of established development value; and

(c) the depreciation of the value of the interest, ascertained

in accordance with paragraph (a) of this subsection, shall then be apportioned between those parts, according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the planning decision in relation to each of them,

and the amount of the compensation shall be the aggregate of the amounts which would be payable by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section if the planning decision had been made separately with respect to each of those parts.

(6) In this section " the decision area " in relation to a planning decision means the aggregate of the land to which the decision relates.

153.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the value of an interest in land, or of an interest in so far as it subsists in particular land, shall be taken to be depreciated by a planning decision (in this section referred to as " the relevant decision ")

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1859

if, and to the extent to which, that value, calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this section, falls short of what that value, so calculated, would have been if the relevant decision had been a decision to the contrary effect.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any such value shall for the purposes of this section be calculated—

(a) as at the time of the relevant decision; but

(b)as affected by that decision, by any grant of planning permission made after that decision and in force immediately before the Secretary of State gives notice of his findings on the claim for compensation in respect of that decision, and by any undertaking to grant planning permission so in force; and

(c) on the assumption that, after the relevant decision, and apart from any such permission or undertaking as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, planning permission would not be granted for any new development of the land in question, but would be granted for any development thereof other than new development.

(3) If in consequence of another planning decision or of an order, being a decision or order made—

(a) before the relevant decision; and

(b) either in respect of the whole or part of the land to

which the relevant decision relates, or in respect of land which includes the whole or part of that land,

compensation to which this subsection applies has become or becomes payable in respect of that other planning decision or that order, the calculation to be made under this section shall be made as if that other planning decision had been a decision to the contrary effect, or that order had not been made, as the case may be.

(4) Subsection (3) of this section applies—

(a) to any compensation payable under this Part of this

Act, or under Part II or Part V of the Act of 1954 or Part VI of the Act of 1962; and

(b) to so much of any compensation payable under section

164 of this Act or section 118 of the Act of 1962, or under the provisions of those sections as applied by section 165 of this Act or section 119 of the Act of 1962 respectively, and so much of any compensation to which Part IV of the Act of 1954 applied, as is or was payable in respect of loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land.

Part VII

1860

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part VII

General provisions as to claims for compensation.

(5) In this section "a decision to the contrary effect"—

(a) in relation to a decision refusing permission, means a decision granting the permission subject to such condition (if any) of a description falling within subsection (2) of section 147 of this Act as the authority making the decision might reasonably have been expected to impose if the permission had not been refused; and

(b) in relation to a decision granting the permission subject to conditions, means a decision granting the permission applied for subject only to such of those conditions (if any) as fell within subsection (2) of that section.

Claims forf and payment of, compensation

154.—(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable unless a claim for it is duly made in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) A claim for compensation under this Part of this Act shall not have effect unless it is made before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date of the planning decision to which it relates:

Provided that the Secretary of State may in any particular case (either before, on or after the date on which the time for claiming would otherwise have expired) allow an extended, or further extended, period for making such a claim.

(3) Regulations made under this section may—

(a) require claims for compensation under this Part of this Act to be made in a form prescribed by the regulations;

(b) require a claimant to provide such evidence in support

of the claim, and such information as to the interest of the claimant in the land to which the claim relates, and as to the interests of other persons therein which are known to the claimant, as may be so prescribed.

(4) Any claim for such compensation in respect of a planning decision shall be sent to the local planning authority; and it shall be the duty of that authority, as soon as may be after receipt of a claim, to transmit the claim to the Secretary of State, and to furnish the Secretary of State with—

(a) any evidence or other information provided by the claimant in accordance with regulations made under this section; and

(b) such other information (if any) as may be required by or under regulations made under this section, being information appearing to the Secretary of State to be

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1861

relevant to the exercise of his powers under the pro- Part vn visions of Part III of this Act relating to the review of planning decisions where compensation is claimed.

(5) Where a claim is transmitted to the Secretary of State under subsection (4) of this section—

( a) if it appears to the Secretary of State that the development to which the planning decision related was not new development, or that at the time of the planning decision no part of the land to which the claim relates had an unexpended balance of established development value, or that compensation is excluded by section 147 or 148 of this Act, the Secretary of State shall notify the claimant accordingly, stating on which of those grounds it appears to him that compensation is not payable, and inviting the claimant to withdraw the claim;

(b) unless the claim is withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall give notice of the claim to every other person (if any) appearing to him to have an interest in the land to which the planning decision related.

155. —(1) Where, in accordance with section 39(3) of this Act, Effect on the Secretary of State gives notice of a direction under section 38 claims of of this Act to a person who has made a claim for compensation JrS??%> in respect of the planning decision to which that direction relates,

that person, if he does not withdraw the claim, may, at any time within thirty days after the service on him of the Secretary of State’s notice, give notice to the Secretary of State modifying the claim.

(2) Subject to any modification by virtue of a notice given by a claimant under subsection (1) of this section, where the Secretary of State gives a direction under section 38 of this Act in respect of a decision of a local planning authority, any claim made in respect of that decision shall have effect as if it had been made in respect of the decision which, by virtue of the direction, is substituted for the decision of the authority, or, as the case may be, as if it had been made in respect of the decision of the authority as modified by the direction. 156

156. —(1) Provision shall be made by regulations under this Determin-

section— ation of

(a) for requiring claims for compensation under this Part of this Act to be determined by the Secretary of State in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations;

(b)for regulating the practice and procedure to be followed in connection with the determination of such claims;

1862

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII

Payment of compensation.

(c) for requiring the Secretary of State, on determining any such claim, to give notice of his findings to the claimant, and to every other person (if any) who has made a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of the same planning decision, and, if his findings include an apportionment, to give particulars of the apportionment to any other person entitled to an interest in land appearing to the Secretary of State to be an interest substantially affected by the apportionment.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for enabling the claimant or any other person to whom

notice of the Secretary of State’s findings has been given in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, if he wishes to dispute the findings, and any other person to whom particulars of an apportionment included in those findings have been so given, or who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by such an apportionment, if he wishes to dispute the apportionment, to require the findings, or, as the case may be, the apportionment, to be referred to the Lands Tribunal;

(b) for enabling the claimant and every other person to

whom notice of any findings or apportionment has been given as mentioned in paragraph ( of this subsection to be heard by the Tribunal on any reference under this section of those findings or of that apportionment, as the case may be; and

(c) for requiring the Tribunal, on any such reference, either

to confirm or to vary the Secretary of State’s findings or the apportionment, as the case may be, and to notify the parties of the decision of the Tribunal.

(3) Where on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section it is shown that an apportionment relates wholly or partly to the same matters as a previous apportionment, and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters. 157

157. Where compensation is determined under section 156 of this Act to be payable, the Secretary of State shall pay the compensation to the person entitled thereto in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Pact of this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1863

Subsequent recovery of compensation Part vn

158.—(1) Where, on a claim for compensation under this Part Apportion-of this Act in respect of a planning decision, the Secretary of me?t aiJJ1 State determines that compensation is payable and that the on

amount of the compensation exceeds £20, the Secretary of State pensation. shall (if it appears to him to be practicable to do so) apportion the amount of the compensation between different parts of the land to which the claim for compensation relates, and shall include particulars of the apportionment in the notice of his findings under section 156 of this Act.

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under subsection (1) of this section the Secretary of State shall divide the land into parts, and shall distribute the compensation between those parts, according to the way in which the different parts of the land appear to him to be differently affected by the planning decision.

(3) On a reference to the Lands Tribunal under section 156 of this Act, unless the decision of the Tribunal will not affect the amount of the compensation or any apportionment thereof by the Secretary of State, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply with the substitution, for references to the Secretary of State, of references to the Lands Tribunal.

(4) Where, on a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision, compensation has become payable of an amount exceeding £20, the Secretary of State shall cause notice of that fact, specifying the planning decision and the land to which the claim for compensation relates, and the amount of the compensation and any apportionment thereof under this section, to be deposited with the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the land is situated, and, if that council is not the local planning authority, with the local planning authority.

(5) Notices deposited under this section shall be registered in the register of local land charges in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this section under section 15(6) of the Land Charges Act 1925 by the proper officer 1925 c. 22. of the council of the county borough, London borough or county district.

(6) In relation to compensation specified in a notice registered under this section, references in this Part of this Act to so much of the compensation as is attributable to a part of the land to which the notice relates shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) if the notice does not include an apportionment under the preceding provisions of this section, the amount of the compensation shall be treated as distributed

1864

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part vn rateably according to area over the land to which the

notice relates;

(b) if the notice includes such an apportionment, the compensation shall be treated as distributed in accordance with that apportionment as between the different parts of the land by reference to which the apportionment is made; and so much of the compensation as, in accordance with the apportionment, is attributed to a part of the land shall be treated as distributed rateably according to area over that part of the land.

Recovery of 159.—(1) No person shall carry out any new development to

compensation which this section applies, on land in respect of which a notice dcvdoDmmt4 in this Part of this Act referred to as a " compensa-

p don notice") is registered under section 158 of this Act, until such amount (if any) as is recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in the notice has been paid or secured to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, this section applies to any new development—

(a) which is development of a residential, commercial or

industrial character and consists wholly or mainly of the construction of houses, flats, shop or office premises, or industrial buildings (including warehouses), or any combination thereof; or

(b) which consists in the winning and working of minerals;

or

(c) to which, having regard to the probable value of the

development, it is in the opinion of the Secretary of State reasonable that this section should apply.

(3) This section shall not apply to any development by virtue of subsection (2)(c) of this section if, on an application made to him for the purpose, the Secretary of State has certified that, having regard to the probable value of the development, it is not in his opinion reasonable that this section should apply thereto.

(4) Where the compensation specified in the compensation notice became payable in respect of the imposition of conditions on the granting of permission to develop land, this section shall not apply to the development for which that permission was granted.

Amount 160.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,

recoverable, the amount recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect and provisions of the compensation specified in a compensation notice—

orremjssiop («) if the land on which the development is to be carried

thereof. out (in this subsection referred to as "the develop-

ment area ") is identical with, or includes (with other

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1865

land) the whole of, the land comprised in the compensation notice, shall be the amount of compensation specified in that notice;

(b) if the development area forms part of the land comprised in the compensation notice, or includes part of that land together with other land not comprised in that notice, shall be so much of the amount of the compensation specified in that notice as is attributable to land comprised in that notice and falling within the develop* ment area.

(2) Where, in the case of any land in respect of which a compensation notice has been registered, the Secretary of State is satisfied, having regard to the probable value of any proper development of that land, that no such development is likely to be carried out unless he exercises his powers under this subsection, he may, in the case of any particular development, remit the whole or part of any amount otherwise recoverable under section 159 of this Act; and where part only of any such amount has been remitted, he shall cause the compensation notice to be amended by substituting therein, for the statement of the amount of the compensation, in so far as it is attributable to that land, a statement of the amount which has been remitted under this subsection.

(3) Where, in connection with the development of any land, an amount becomes recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, then, except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under subsection (2) of this section, no amount shall be recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect of that compensation, in so far as it is attributable to that land, in connection with any subsequent development thereof.

(4) No amount shall be recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect of any compensation by reference to which a sum has become recoverable by the Secretary of State under section 257 of this Act.

(5) An amount recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect of any compensation shall be payable to the Secretary of State, and—

(a) shall be so payable either as a single capital payment or as a series of instalments of capital and interest combined, or as a series of other annual or periodical payments, of such amounts, and payable at such times, as the Secretary of State may direct, after taking into account any representations made by the person by whom the development is to be carried out; and

Part VII

1866

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VII

Amount recovered not to be deducted from unexpended balance.

Mortgages, rentcharges and settlements.

1943 c. 21.

C. 78

(b) except where the amount is payable as a single capital payment, shall be secured by that person in such manner (whether by mortgage, convenant or otherwise) as the Secretary of State may direct.

(6) If any person initiates any new development to which section 159 of this Act applies in contravention of subsection (1) of that section, the Secretary of State may serve a notice on him specifying the amount appearing to the Secretary of State to be the amount recoverable under that section in respect of the compensation in question, and requiring him to pay that amount to the Secretary of State within such period, not being less than three months after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

161.—(1) Where an amount has become recoverable under section 159 of this Act in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, the following provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of determining any question as to the unexpended balance of established development value of any land at any subsequent time.

(2) Except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under section 160 of this Act, so much (if any) of that compensation as is attributable to that land shall, for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, be treated as not having become payable, and accordingly (notwithstanding anything in section 140 of this Act) shall not be deducted from that balance.

Supplementary provisions

162.—(1) Regulations made under this section may make provision as to the exercise of the right to claim compensation under this Part of this Act, and as to the person to whom such compensation or any part thereof is to be paid, and as to the application of any such compensation or any part thereof, in cases where, apart from this section, the right to claim the compensation is exercisable by reference to an interest in land which is subject to a mortgage, or to a rentcharge, or to the trusts of a settlement, or which was so subject at a time specified in the regulations.

(2) In relation to any case where, by virtue of any such regulations, compensation or a part thereof is to be paid to the owner of a rentcharge, the regulations may apply all or any of the provisions of section 25 of the War Damage Act 1943 (rights of owners of rentcharges as to payments for war damage)

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1867

subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be pro- Part Vn scribed by the regulations, and may provide for disputes arising under the regulations, so far as they relate to rentcharges, to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination by that tribunal.

163.—(1) In calculating value for any of the purposes of this Calculation Part of this Act— of value.

(a) rules (2) to (4) of the rules set out in section 5 of the

Land Compensation Act 1961 shall apply with the 1961 c. 33. necessary modifications; and

(b) if the interest to be valued is subject to a mortgage, it shall be treated as if it were not subject to the mortgage:

Provided that rule (3) of those rules shall not apply for the purposes of Schedule 16 to this Act.

(2) Where, for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act, value falls to be calculated by reference to the duration of a tenancy, and, by reason of any option or other contractual right with respect to the determination, renewal or continuance of the tenancy, the date of expiry of the tenancy is not ascertainable with certainty, that date shall be taken to be such as appears reasonable and probable having regard to the interests of the party by whom the option is exercisable, or in whose favour the right operates, and to any other material considerations subsisting at the time when the calculation of value falls to be made.

Part VIII

Compensation for Other Planning Restrictions Revocation or modification of planning permission

164.—(1) Where planning permission is revoked or modified Compensation by an order under section 45 of this Act, (other than an order where plan-which takes effect by virtue of section 46 of this Act and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State), then if, on a claim or modifie4 made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that a person interested in the land—

(a) has incurred expenditure in carrying out work which

is rendered abortive by the revocation or modification;

or

(b) has otherwise sustained loss or damage which is directly

attributable to the revocation or modification.

1868

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part Vm

Application of s. 164 to special cases of refusal or conditional grant of planning permission.

the local planning authority shall pay to that person compensation in respect of that expenditure, loss or damage.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any expenditure incurred in the preparation of plans for the purposes of any work, or upon other similar matters preparatory thereto, shall be taken to be included in the expenditure incurred in carrying out that work.

(3) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, no compensation shall be pud under this section in respect of any work carried out before the grant of the permission which is revoked or modified, or in respect of any other loss or damage (not being loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land) arising out of anything done or omitted to be done before the grant of that permission.

(4) In calculating, for the purposes of this section, the amount of any loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land, it shall be assumed that planning permission would be granted for development of the land of any class specified in Schedule 8 to this Act.

(5) In this Part of this Act any reference to an order under section 45 of this Act includes a reference to an order under the provisions of that section as applied by section 51(2) of this Act.

165.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where—

(a) planning permission for the development of land has been granted by a development order; and (b)that permission is withdrawn, whether by the revocation or amendment of the order or by the issue of directions under powers in that behalf conferred by the order; and

(c) on an application made in that behalf under Part III of this Act, planning permission for that development is refused, or is granted subject to conditions other than those previously imposed by the development order.

(2) In any case falling within subsection (1) of this section, the provisions of section 164 of this Act shall apply as if the planning permission granted by the development order—

(a) had been granted by the local planning authority under Part III of this Act; and

(b) had been revoked or modified by an order under section 45 of this Act,

and the provisions of section 166 (except subsection (5 thereof) and of sections 167 and 168 of this Act shall apply as if references therein to an order under section 45 of this

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1869

Act were references to the planning decision whereby the plan- Part vm ning permission in question is refused, or is granted subject to conditions other than those previously imposed by the development order.

(3) This section shall not apply in relation to planning permission for the development of operational land of statutory undertakers.

(4) No compensation shall be payable under this section in respect of the imposition of any condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies.

166.—(1) Where compensation becomes payable under the Registration preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, and includes compensation for depreciation of an amount exceeding £20, the pcnsation for local planning authority shall (if it appears to them to be prac- depredation, ticable to do so) apportion the amount of the compensation for depreciation between different parts of the land to which the claim for that compensation relates, and give particulars of any such apportionment to the claimant and to every other person (if any) entitled to an interest in land which appears to the authority to be substantially affected by the apportionment

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under subsection (1) of this section, the local planning authority shall divide the land into parts, and shall distribute the compensation for depreciation between those parts, according to the way in which different parts of the land appear to the authority to be differently affected by the order in consequence of which the compensation is payable.

(3) Section 156(2) of this Act, and any regulations made by virtue thereof, shall have effect with respect to any such apportionment (subject to any necessary modifications) as they have effect with respect to an apportionment under section 158(1) of this Act

(4) On a reference to the Lands Tribunal by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, subsections (1) and (2) of this section, so far as they relate to the making of an apportionment, shall apply with the substitution, for references to the local planning authority, of references to the Lands Tribunal. 5

(5) Where compensation becomes payable under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, and includes compensation for depreciation exceeding £20, the local planning authority shall give notice thereof to the Secretary of State, specifying the amount of the compensation for depreciation and any apportionment thereof under this section; and subsections (4) to (6) of section 158 of this Act shall have effect with respect thereto as they have effect with respect to compensation under Part VII of

1870

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part VIII

Contribution by Secretary of State towards compensation in certain cases.

this Act, subject, however, to any necessary modifications, and, in particular, with the substitution—

(a) for references to the compensation mentioned in that

section, of references to the compensation for depreciation specified in the notice; and

(b) for references to the planning decision, of references to

the order under section 45 of this Act in consequence of which the compensation is payable.

(6) In this section and in section 167 of this Act "compensation for depreciation " means so much of any compensation payable under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act as is payable in respect of loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land, and " interest " (where the reference is to an interest in land) means the fee simple or a tenancy of the land and does not include any other interest therein.

167.—(1) Where a notice under section 166 of this Act is given to the Secretary of State in consequence of the making of an order under section 45 of this Act, and the circumstances are such that, if the permission revoked or modified by the order had been refused, or, as the case may be, had been granted as so modified, at the time when it was granted, compensation under Part VII of this Act could have been claimed and would have been payable by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State may, subject to the provisions of this section, pay to the local planning authority a contribution of the amount appearing to him to be the amount of compensation which would have been so payable by him under Part VII of this Act.

(2) The amount of any such contribution shall not exceed—

(a) the amount of the compensation for depreciation paid by the local planning authority; or

( b)the unexpended balance of established development value, at the date of the making of the order, of the land in respect of which that compensation was paid.

(3) Regulations made under this section shall make provision, in relation to cases where the Secretary of State proposes to pay a contribution under this section—

(a) for requiring the Secretary of State to give notice of his proposal to persons endded to such interests as may be prescribed in the land to which the proposal relates, and to such other persons (if any) as may be determined in accordance with the regulations to be affected by the proposal;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1871

(b) for enabling persons to whom notice of the proposal Part vni

is given to object to the proposal, on the grounds that compensation would not have been payable as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or that the amount of the compensation so payable would have been less than the amount of the proposed contribution ;

(c) for enabling any person making such an objection to

require the matter in dispute to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination; and

(d) where a contribution under this section is paid, for

applying (with any necessary modifications) the provisions of Part VII of this Act as to the reduction or extinguishment of the unexpended balance of established development value of land, as if the contribution had been a payment of compensation under that Part of this Act.

168.—(1) In relation to notices registered under the provisions Recovery, on of section 158 of this Act, as applied by the preceding provisions subsequent of this Part of this Act, sections 159 and 160 of this Act shall of^££ment* have effect as they have effect in relation to compensation notices pensation registered as therein mentioned: under s. 164.

Provided that, in a case where the compensation under section 164 of this Act specified in such a notice became payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, the said sections shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by the order.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any sum recovered by the Secretary of State under section 159 of this Act, as applied by subsection (1) of this section, shall be paid to the local planning authority who paid the compensation to which that sum relates.

(3) In paying any such sum to the local planning authority, the Secretary of State shall deduct therefrom—

(a) the amount of any contribution paid by him under section 167 of this Act in respect of the compensation to which the sum relates;

(b) the amount of any grant paid by him under Part XIII of this Act in respect of that compensation:

Provided that, if the sum recovered by the Secretary of State is an instalment of the total sum recoverable, or is recovered by reference to development of part of the land in respect of which the compensation was payable, any deduction to be made under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be a

1872

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part VIII

Compensation for planning decisions restricting development other than new development

deduction of such amount as the Secretary of State may determine to be the proper proportion of the amount referred to in that paragraph.

(4) For the purposes of sections 159 and 160 of this Act, in their application by virtue of this section to compensation calculated under section 164 of this Act, the expression "new development " shall include—

(a) any development of a class specified in paragraph 1 or

3 of Schedule 8 to this Act which is carried out otherwise than subject to the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act; and

(b) any development excluded by subsection (2) of section

278 of this Act from that Schedule in its application to any determination to which subsection (1) of the said section 278 applies.

Other restrictions

169.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where, on an application for planning permission to carry out development of any class specified in Part II of Schedule 8 to this Act, the Secretary of State, either on appeal or on the reference of the application to him for determination, refuses the permission or grants it subject to conditions.

(2) If, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that the value of the interest of any person in the land is less than it would have been if the permission had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally, as the case may be, the local planning authority shall pay to that person compensation of an amount equal to the difference.

(3) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, whether or to what extent the value of an interest in land is less than it would have been if the permission had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally—

(a) it shall be assumed that any subsequent application for

the like planning permission would be determined in the same way; but

(b) if, in the case of a refusal of planning permission, the Secretary of State, on refusing that permission, undertook to grant planning permission for some other development of the land in the event of an application being made in that behalf, regard shall be had to that undertaking ; and

(c) no account shall be taken of any prospective use which

would contravene the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1873

(4) Where, on such an application as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, planning permission is granted by the Secretary of State subject to conditions for regulating the design or external appearance of buildings, or the size or height of buildings, the Secretary of State, if it appears to him to be reasonable to do so having regard to the local circumstances, may direct that those conditions shall be disregarded, either altogether or to such extent as may be specified in the direction, in assessing the compensation (if any) payable under this section.

(5) Where, in the case of an application for planning permission to carry out any such development as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, a notice under section 72(1) of this Act is served in respect of the whole or part of the land to which the application relates, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if the application had been an effective application for planning permission, and as if that permission had been refused, as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, in respect of that land or that part thereof, as the case may be.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) paragraph 3 of Schedule 8 to this Act shall be construed

as not extending to works involving any increase in the cubic content of a building erected after the appointed day (including any building resulting from the carrying out of such works as are described in paragraph 1 of that Schedule); and

(b) paragraph 7 of that Schedule shall not apply to any

such building.

(7) For the purposes of this section the conditions referred to in sections 41 and 42 of this Act shall be disregarded and no compensation shall be payable under this section in respect of the imposition of any condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies.

(8) No compensation shall be payable under this section in respect of an interest in land in respect of which a purchase notice is served.

170.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where an order is made under section 51 of this Act, requiring a use of land to be discontinued, or imposing conditions on the continuance thereof, or requiring any buildings or works on land to be altered or removed.

(2) If, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that any person has suffered damage in consequence of the order by depreciation of the value of an interest

Part vm

Compensation in respect of orders under s. 51.

1874

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part Vffl

Compensation for refusal of consent to alteration, etc. of listed building.

in the land to which he is entitled, or by being disturbed in his enjoyment of the land, that authority shall pay to that person compensation in respect of that damage.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) of this section, any person who carries out any works in compliance with the order shall be entitled, on a claim made as mentioned in that subsection, to recover from the local planning authority compensation in respect of any expenses reasonably incurred by him in that behalf.

(4) Any compensation payable to a person under this section by virtue of such an order as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be reduced by the value to him of any timber, apparatus or other materials removed for the purpose of complying with the order.

171.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where an application is made for listed building consent for the alteration or extension of a listed building and—

(a) either the works do not constitute development or they

do so but the development is such that planning permission therefor is granted by a development order, and

(b) the Secretary of State, either on appeal or on the reference of the application to him, refuses such consent or grants it subject to conditions.

(2) If, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that the value of the interest of any person in the land is less than it would have been if listed building consent had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally, as the case may be, the local planning authority shall pay to that person compensation of an amount equal to the difference.

(3) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, whether or to what extent the value of an interest in land is less than it would have been if the permission had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally—

(a) it shall be assumed that any subsequent application for

the like consent would be determined in the same way; but

(b) if, in the case of a refusal of listed building consent, the

Secretary of State, on refusing that consent, undertook to grant such consent for some other works to the building in the event of an application being made in that behalf, regard shall be had to that undertaking.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1875

(4) No compensation shall be payable under this section in Part VIII respect of an interest in land in respect of which a purchase notice is served, whether under section 180, 188 or 190 of this Act, being a purchase notice which takes effect.

172.—(1) Where listed building consent is revoked or modi- Compensation tied by an order under paragraph 10 of Schedule 11 to this listed Act (other than an order which takes effect by virtue of paragraph consent8 12 of that Schedule and without being confirmed by the Secre- revoked or tary of State), then if on a claim made to the local planning modified, authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that a person interested in the building—

(a) has incurred expenditure in carrying out works which

are rendered abortive by the revocation or modifica* tion; or

(b) has otherwise sustained loss or damage which is directly

attributable to the revocation or modification,

the authority shall pay to that person compensation in respect of that expenditure, loss or damage.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any expenditure incurred in the preparation of plans for the purposes of any works, or upon other similar matters preparatory thereto, shall be taken to be included in the expenditure incurred in carrying out those works.

(3) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, no compensation shall be paid under this section in respect of any works carried out before the grant of the listed building consent which is revoked or modified, or in respect of any other loss or damage (not being loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land) arising out of anything done or omitted to be done before the grant of that consent.

173.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect as Compensation

respects compensation where a building preservation notice is for loss or o-rvftd damage

servea- caused by

(2) The local planning authority shall not be under any obliga* s®1™* of tion to pay compensation under section 171 of this Act, i11 preservation respect of any refusal of listed building consent or its grant notice, subject to conditions, unless and until the building is included in a list compiled or approved by the Secretary of State under section 54 of this Act; but this subsection shall not prevent a claim for such compensation being made before the building is so included.

(3) If the building preservation notice ceases to have effect without the building having been included in a list so compiled

1876

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part vm or approved, then, subject to a claim in that behalf being made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act. any person who at the time when the notice was served had an interest in the building shall be entitled to be paid compensation by the authority in respect of any loss or damage directly attributable to the effect of the notice.

(4) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is payable under subsection (3) of this section shall include a sum payable in respect of a breach of contract caused by the necessity of discontinuing or countermanding any works to the building on account of the building preservation notice being in force with respect thereto.

Compensation 174. The matters for which provision may under section 60 n of this Act be made by a tree preservation order include the

lion orders. ~ payment by the local planning authority, subject to such exceptions and conditions as may be specified in the order, of compensation in respect of loss or damage caused or incurred in consequence of the refusal of any consent required under the order, or of the grant of any such consent subject to conditions.

175.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where, requirement in pursuance of provision made by a tree preservation order, a

as to re- direction is given, by the local planning authority or the Secretary

planting of State, for securing the replanting of all or any part of a wood-

of trees. jand arca which is felled in the course of forestry operations per-

mitted by or under the order.

(2) If the Forestry Commissioners decide not to make any

1967 c. 10. advance under section 4 of the Forestry Act 1967 in respect of

the replanting and come to that decision on the ground that the direction frustrates the use of the woodland area for the growing of timber or other forest products for commercial purposes and in accordance with the rules or practice of good forestry, the local planning authority exercising functions under the tree preservation order shall be liable, on the making of a claim in accordance with this section, to pay compensation in respect of such loss or damage, if any, as is caused or incurred in consequence of compliance with tire direction.

(3) The Forestry Commissioners shall, at the request of the person under a duty to comply with the direction, give a certificate stating whether they have decided not to make any such advance and, if so, the grounds of their decision.

(4) A claim for compensation under this section must be served on the local planning authority within twelve months from the date on which the direction was given, or where an

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1877

appeal has been made to the Secretary of State against the PartVIH

decision of the local planning authority, from the date of the decision of the Secretary of State on the appeal, but subject in either case to such extension of that period as the local planning authority may allow.

176. Where, for the purpose of complying with any regula- Compensation

tions made under section 63 of this Act, works are carried out for restrictions by any person— on adverUsln*-

{a) for removing an advertisement which was being displayed on 1st August 1948; or

(b) for discontinuing the use for the display of advertisements of a site used for that purpose on that date,

that person shall, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, be entitled to recover from that authority compensation in respect of any expenses reasonably incurred by him in that behalf.

177. —(1) Where a stop notice under section 90 of this Act Compensation ceases to have effect, a person who, at the time when it was for loss due first served, had an interest in the land to which it relates shall,to stop notice* in any of the circumstances mentioned in subsection (2) of this

section, be entitled to be compensated by the local planning authority in respect of any loss or damage directly attributable to the prohibition contained in the notice.

(2) A person shall be entitled to compensation under subsection (1) of this section in respect of a prohibition contained in a stop notice in any of the following circumstances: —

{a) the enforcement notice is quashed on any of the grounds mentioned in section 88(1)(6), (c), (d) or (e) of this Act;

(b) the allegation in the enforcement notice on which the

prohibition in the stop notice is dependent is not upheld by reason that the enforcement notice is varied on one of those grounds;

(c) the enforcement notice is withdrawn by the local plan-

ning authority otherwise than in consequence of the grant by them of planning permission for the development to which the notice relates or for its retention or continuance without compliance with a condition or limitation subject to which a previous planning permission was granted;

(d) the stop notice is withdrawn.

(3) A prohibition in a stop notice shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section as dependent on an

pt.rn f

1878

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part vm

General provisions as to compensation for depreciation under Part

vm.

1961 c. 33.

allegation in an enforcement notice if and to the extent that the operations to which the prohibition in the stop notice relates are the same as those alleged in the enforcement notice to constitute a breach of planning control or are so closely associated therewith as to constitute substantially the same operations.

(4) A claim for compensation under this section shall be made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act.

(5) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is payable under this section in respect of a prohibition shall include a sum payable in respect of a breach of contract caused by the taking of action necessary to comply with the prohibition or of any liability arising by virtue of section 90(8) of this Act.

Supplementary provisions

178,—(1) For the purpose of assessing any compensation to which this section applies, the rules set out in section 5 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, have effect as they have effect for the purpose of assessing compensation for the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land.

(2) This section applies to any compensation which, under die preceding provisions of this Part of this Act other than section 174, 175 or 177 is payable in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land.

(3) Where an interest in land is subject to a mortgage—

(a) any compensation to which this section applies, which

is payable in respect of depreciation of the value of that interest, shall be assessed as if the interest were not subject to the mortgage;

(b) a claim for any such compensation may be made by

any mortgagee of the interest, but without prejudice to the making of a claim by the person entitled to the interest;

(c) no compensation to which this section applies shall be

payable in respect of the interest of the mortgagee (as distinct from the interest which is subject to the mortgage); and

(d) any compensation to which this section applies which

is payable in respect of the interest which is subject to the mortgage shall be paid to the mortgagee, or, if there is more than one mortgagee, to the first mortgagee, and shall in either case be applied by him as if it were proceeds of sale.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1879

179.—(1) Except in so far as may be otherwise provided by Part vm any tree preservation order or by any regulations made under Determination this Act, any question of disputed compensation under this Part of claims for of this Act shall be referred to and determined by the Lands compensation. Tribunal.

(2) In relation to the determination of any such question, the provisions of sections 2 and 4 of the Land Compensation 1961 c. 33. Act 1961 shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications and to the provisions of any regulations made under this Act.

Part IX

Provisions Enabling Ownbr to Require Purchase of his

Interest

Interests affected by planning decisions or orders

180.—(1) Where, on an application for planning permission Purchase to develop any land, permission is refused or is granted subject n<*j"i°n to conditions, then if any owner of the land claims— Sndhional

(a) that the land has become incapable of reasonably bene- grant of

ficial use in its existing state; and planning

(b) in a case where planning permission was granted sub-pcramsion

ject to conditions, that the land cannot be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the permitted development in accordance with those conditions; and

(c) in any case, that the land cannot be rendered capable of

reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of any other development for which planning permission has been granted or for which the local planning authority or the Secretary of State has undertaken to grant planning permission, he may, within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, serve on the council of the county borough,

London borough or county district in which the land is situated a notice requiring that council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) Where, for the purpose of determining whether the conditions specified in subsection (1) (a) to (c) of this section are fulfilled in relation to any land, any question arises as to what is or would in any particular circumstances be a reasonably beneficial use of that land, then, in determining that question for that purpose, no account shall be taken of any prospective use of that land which would involve the carrying out of new development or which would contravene the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act

pt. m f 2

1880

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

1946 c. 49.

Action by council on whom purchase notice is served.

(3) In the application of Schedule 8 to this Act for the purposes of any determination under subsection (2) of this section—

(a) paragraph 3 of that Schedule shall be construed as not

extending to works involving any increase in the cubic content of a building erected after the appointed day (including any building resulting from the carrying out of such works as are described in paragraph 1 of that Schedule); and

(b) paragraph 7 of that Schedule shall not apply to any

such building.

(4) For the purposes of this section the conditions referred to in sections 41 and 42 of this Act shall be disregarded, and no account shall be taken of any condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies.

(5) A person on whom there has been served a repairs notice under section 115 of this Act shall not in any case be entitled to serve a purchase notice under this section in respect of the building in question until the expiration of three months beginning with the date of the service of the repairs notice; and if during that period the council or the Secretary of State start the compulsory acquisition of the building in the exercise of their powers under section 114 of this Act, that person shall not be so entitled unless and until the compulsory acquisition is discontinued.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5) of this section a compulsory acquisition—

(a) is started when the council or the Secretary of State, as

the case may be, serve the notice required by paragraph 3(l)(h) of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946; and

(b) is discontinued, in the case of acquisition by a council,

when they withdraw the compulsory purchase order or the Secretary of State decides not to confirm it and, in the case of acquisition by the Secretary of State, when he decides not to make the compulsory purchase order.

(7) A notice under this section, or under any other provision of this Part of this Act to which this subsection is applied, is in this Act referred to as a " purchase notice ".

181.—(1) The council on whom a purchase notice is served under section 180 of this Act shall, before the end of the period of three months beginning with the date of service of that notice, serve on the owner by whom the purchase notice was served a notice stating either—

(a) that the council are willing to comply with the purchase notice; or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1881

(b) that another local authority or statutory undertakers Part IX

specified in the notice under this subsection have agreed to comply with it in their place; or

(c) that, for reasons specified in the notice under this sub-

section. the council are not willing to comply with the purchase notice and have not found any other local authority or statutory undertakers who will agree to comply with it in their place, and that they have transmitted a copy of the purchase notice to the Secretary of State, on a date specified in the notice under this subsection, together with a statement of the reasons so specified.

(2) Where the council on whom a purchase notice is served by an owner have served on him a notice in accordance with subsection (l)(u) or (b) of this section, the council, or the other local authority or statutory undertakers specified in the notice, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the interest of the owner compulsorily in accordance with the relevant provisions, and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date of service of the notice under that subsection.

(3) Where the council on whom a purchase notice is served by an owner propose to serve on him a notice in accordance with subsection (l)(c) of this section, they shall transmit a copy of the purchase notice to the Secretary of State, together with a statement of their reasons.

(4) In this section "the relevant provisions" means the provisions of Part VI of this Act or, in the case of statutory undertakers, any statutory provision (however expressed) under which they have power, or may be authorised, to purchase land compulsorily for the purposes of their undertaking.

182.—(1) Where a copy of a purchase notice is transmitted Procedure on to the Secretary of State under section 181(3) of this Act, the reference of Secretary of State shall consider whether to confirm the notice or to take other action under section 183 of this Act in respect secretary oi thereof. State.

(2) Before confirming a purchase notice or taking any other action under section 183 of this Act in respect thereof, the Secretary of State shall give notice of his proposed action—

(a) to the person by whom the purchase notice was served;

(b) to the council on whom the purchase notice was served;

(c) to the local planning authority for the area in which

the land is situated ; and

Pt. Ill F 3

1882

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

Action by Secretary of State in relation to purchase notice.

C. 78

(d) if the Secretary of State proposes to substitute any other local authority or statutory undertakers for the council on whom the purchase notice was served, to that other local authority or those statutory undertakers.

(3) If, within such period as may be specified in a notice under subsection (2) of this section, being a period of not less than twenty-eight days from the service of that notice, any of the persons, authorities or statutory undertakers on whom that notice is served so requires, the Secretary of State, before confirming the purchase notice or taking any other action under section 183 of this Act in respect thereof, shall afford to those persons, authorities and undertakers an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(4) Where the Secretary of State has given notice under subsection (2) of this section of his proposed action, and any of the persons, authorities and statutory undertakers concerned have appeared before and been heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose, and it then appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to take action under section 183 of this Act otherwise than in accordance with the notice given by him, the Secretary of State may take that action accordingly.

183.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section and to section 184 of this Act, if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the conditions specified in section 180<l)(u) to (c) of this Act are fulfilled in relation to a purchase notice, he shall confirm the notice.

(2) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to do so, he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, grant planning permission for the development in respect of which the application was made, or, where planning permission for that development was granted subject to conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of that development.

(3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the land, or any part of the land, could be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use within a reasonable time by the carrying out of any other development for which planning permission ought to be granted, he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, or in lieu of confirming it so far as it relates to that part of the land, as the case may be, direct that planning permission for that development shall be granted in the event of an application being made in that behalf.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1883

c. 78

(4) If it appears to the Secretary of State, having regard to Part IX the probable ultimate use of the land, that it is expedient

to do so, he may, if he confirms the notice, modify it, either in relation to the whole or in relation to any part of the land to which it relates, by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for the council on whom the notice was served.

(5) In section 182 of this Act, any reference to the taking of action by the Secretary of State under this section is a reference to the taking by him of any such action as is mentioned in subsections <1) to (4) of this section, or to the taking by him of a decision not to confirm the purchase notice either on the grounds that any of the conditions referred to in subsection (1) of this section are not fulfilled or by virtue of section 184 of this Act

184.—(1) This section shall have effect where, on an applica- Power to tion for planning permission to develop any land which has a refuse to restricted use by virtue of a previous planning permission, confirm permission is refused or granted subject to conditions and an owner of the land serves a purchase notice under section 180 land has of this Act. restricted use

(2) For the purposes of this section, land is to be treated as previous having a restricted use by virtue of a previous planning permis- planning rion if it is part of a larger area in respect of which planning Permission, permission was previously granted (and has not been revoked) and either—

(a) it remains a condition of the planning permission (how-

ever expressed) that that part shall remain undeveloped or be preserved or laid out in a particular way as amenity land in relation to the remainder; or

(b) the planning permission was granted on an application

which contemplated (expressly or by necessary implication) that the part should not be comprised in the development for which planning permission was sought, or should be preserved or laid out as aforesaid.

(3) If a copy of the purchase notice is transmitted to the Secretary of State under section 181(3) of this Act the Secretary of State, although satisfied that the land has become incapable of reasonably beneficial use in its existing state, shall nevertheless not be required under section 183(1) of this Act to confirm the notice if it appears to him that the land ought, in accordance with the previous planning permission, to remain undeveloped or, as the case may be, remain or be preserved or laid out as amenity land in relation to the remainder of the large area for which that planning permission was granted.

Pt. Ill F 4

1884

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

Power to refuse to confirm purchase notice in respect of

185.—(1) This section applies to any purchase notice served on or after 5th November 1964 (whether before or after the passing of this Act) in respect of land within the metropolitan region, or served on or after 5th August 1965 (whether before or after the passing of this Act) in respect of land which, at the date of service of the notice, is within a controlled area as office premises, defined in section 81(2) of this Act outside the metropolitan region, where either—

(a) planning permission for the carrying out on that land, or part of it, of development to which section 74 of this Act applies was granted before 5th August 1965, but by virtue of paragraph 1(4) of Schedule 12 to this Act that planning permission is for the time being deemed not to have effect; or

(b) the purpose for which that land, or part of it, is or was used at the date of service of the notice, or was last used before that date, is or was that of a building containing office premises.

(2) In relation to a purchase notice to which this section applies, the provisions of this Act shall have effect as if, after subsection (4) of section 183 of this Act. there were inserted the following subsection—

" (4A) Where the purchase notice is one to which section 185 of this Act applies, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, determine not to confirm the notice without taking any such action as is mentioned in subsections (2) to

(4) of this section ", and as if, in subsection (5) of that section, after the words " by virtue of " there were inserted the words " subsection (4A) of this section or "

(3) Where in pursuance of subsection (4A) of the said section 183 (as modified by subsection (2) of this section) the Secretary of State has determined not to confirm a purchase notice to which this section applies, and on a subsequent date the land to which that notice related ceases to be within an area to which section 74 of this Act applies—

(a) a further purchase notice may be served on or after

that date in respect of the planning decision to which the previous notice related; and

(b) for the purposes of any regulations made under this Act

as to the time within which a purchase notice may be served, the service of such a further purchase notice shall not be treated as out of time if it is served within the period which would be applicable in accordance with those regulations if the planning decision referred to in the preceding paragraph had been made on that subsequent date.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1885

(4) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (1 of this section, for what purpose any land is used, or was last used, as the case may be, no account shall be taken—

(a) of any use in accordance with planning permission

granted for a limited period; or

(b) of any use in respect of which, before the date of

service of the purchase notice, an enforcement notice

had been served and had become effective; or

(c) of any use of land at a time when it is or was not covered

by a building.

(5) For the purposes of this section " office premises " has the meaning assigned by section 73(4) of this Act and this section shall have effect as if it were included in sections 73 to 86 of this Act.

(6) Notwithstanding subsection (5) of this section, subsection

(3) of this section shall not cease to have effect at the end of the period mentioned in section 86 of this Act; and in relation to any land which, immediately before the end of that period, is land within an area to which section 74 of this Act applies, any reference in that subsection to the date on which the land ceases to be within such an area shall be construed as a reference to the end of that period.

186.—(1) Where the Secretary of State confirms a purchase notice, the council on whom the purchase notice was served (or, if under section 183(4) of this Act the Secretary of State modified the purchase notice by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for that council, that other local authority or those statutory undertakers) shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the interest of the owner compulsorily in accordance with the relevant provisions and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on such date as the Secretary of State may direct.

(2) If, before the end of the relevant period, the Secretary of State has neither confirmed the purchase notice nor taken any such action in respect thereof as is mentioned in section 183(2) or

(3) of this Act, and has not notified the owner by whom the notice was served that he does not propose to confirm the notice, the notice shall be deemed to be confirmed at the end of that period, and the council on whom the notice was served shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the interest of the owner compulsorily in accordance with the relevant provisions and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof at the end of that period.

Part IX

Effect of Secretary of State's action in relation to purchase notice.

1886

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part DC (3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section the rele vant period is whichever of the following periods first expires, that is to say—

(a)the period of nine months beginning with the date of service of the purchase notice; and (b) the period of six months beginning with the date on which a copy of the purchase notice was transmitted to the Secretary of State.

(4) Where the Secretary of State has notified the owner by whom a purchase notice has been served of a decision on his part to confirm, or not to confirm, the notice (including any decision not to confirm the notice in respect of part of the land to which it relates, and including any decision to grant any permission, or give any direction, in lieu of confirming the notice, either wholly or in part) and that decision of the Secretary of State is quashed under the provisions of Part XII of this Act, the purchase notice shall be treated as cancelled, but the owner may serve a further purchase notice in its place.

(5) For the purposes of any regulations made under this Act as to the time within which a purchase notice may be served, the service of a purchase notice under subsection (4) of this section shall not be treated as out of time if the notice is served within the period which would be applicable in accordance with those regulations if the planning decision, in consequence of which the notice is served, had been made on the date on which the decision of the Secretary of State was quashed as mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(6) In this section "the relevant provisions" has the same meaning as in section 181 of this Act.

Special provisions as to compensation where purchase notice; served.

187.—(1) Where by virtue of section 164 of this Act compensation is payable in respect of expenditure incurred in carrying out any work on land, then, if a purchase notice is served in respect of an interest in that land, any compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of that interest in pursuance of the purchase notice shall be reduced by an amount equal to the value of the works in respect of which compensation is payable by virtue of that section.

(2) Where a purchase notice served in respect of an interest in land does not take effect, or does not take effect in relation to a part of the land, by reason that the Secretary of State gives a direction under section 183(3) of this Act, then if, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act it is shown that the permitted development value of that interest (or, as the case may be, of that interest so far as it relates to that part of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1887

land) is less than its existing use value, the local planning Part IX authority shall pay to the person entitled to that interest compensation of an amount which (subject to the following provisions of this section) shall be equal to the difference.

(3) If the planning permission which, by the direction referred to in subsection (2) of this section, is required to be granted would be granted subject to conditions for regulating die design or external appearance of buildings, or the size or height of buildings, or for regulating the number of buildings to be erected on the land, the Secretary of State, if it appears to him to be reasonable to do so having regard to the local circumstances, may direct that those conditions shall be disregarded, either altogether or to such extent as may be specified in the direction, in assessing any compensation payable under subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Sections 178 and 179 of this Act shall have effect in relation to compensation under subsection (2) of this section as they have effect in relation to compensation to which those sections apply.

(5) In this section " permitted development value ", in relation to an interest in land in respect of which a direction is given under section 183(3) of this Act, means the value of that interest calculated with regard to that direction, but on the assumption that no planning permission would be granted otherwise than in accordance with that direction, and "existing use value", in relation to such an interest, means the value of that interest as (for the purpose of ascertaining the compensation payable on an acquisition thereof in pursuance of the purchase notice) that value would have been assessed in accordance with die provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Com-1919 c. 57. pensation) Act 1919, as modified by the provisions of sections

51 to 54 of the Act of 1947, if no enactment repealing, modifying or superseding any of those provisions had been passed after the passing of the Act of 1947.

188.—(1) Where by an order under section 45 of this Act Purchase planning permission in respect of any land is revoked, or is no^®®*nf> modified by the imposition of conditions, then if any owner of ^£rrcvoking the land claims— or modifying

{a) that the land has become incapable of reasonably beneficial use in its existing state; and

(b) in a case where the planning permission was modified by the imposition of conditions, that the land cannot be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the permitted development in accordance with those conditions; and

1888

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

Purchase notice in respect of order requiring discontinuance of use or

alteration or removal of buildings or works.

c. 78

(c) in any case, that the land cannot be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of any other development for which planning permission has been granted or for which the local planning authority or the Secretary of State has undertaken to grant planning permission,

he may, within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, serve on the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the land is situated a notice requiring that council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) Section 180(7) of this Act shall apply to this section; and, subject to subsection (3) of this section, sections 180(2), 181 to 184, 186 and 187 of this Act shall apply to a notice served by virtue of subsection (1) of this section as they apply to a notice served by virtue of section 180(1) of this Act.

(3) In the application of subsection (2) of section 180 of this Act to a purchase notice served by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, that subsection shall apply as if the words "or which would contravene the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act" were omitted; and in the application of section 183 of this Act to a purchase notice served as aforesaid, that section shall apply as if the following subsection were substituted for subsection (2) thereof—

" (2) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to do so, he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, cancel the order revoking the planning permission, or, where the order modified the permission by the imposition of conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the development in respect of which the permission was granted ".

189.—(1) If any person entitled to an interest in land in respect of which an order is made under section 51 of this Act claims—

(a) that by reason of the order the land is incapable of

reasonably beneficial use in its existing state; and

(b) that it cannot be rendered capable of reasonably bene-

ficial use by the carrying out of any development for which planning permission has been granted, whether by that order or otherwise,

he may, within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, serve on the council of the county borough.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1889

London borough or county district in which the land is situated a notice requiring that council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) Section 180(7) of this Act shall apply to this section; and, subject to subsection (3) of this section, sections 180(2), 181 to 184, 186 and 187 of this Act shall apply to a notice served by virtue of subsection (1) of this section as they apply to a notice served by virtue of section 180(1) of this Act.

(3) In the application of subsection (2) of section 180 of this Act to a purchase notice served by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, that subsection shall apply as if the words "or which would contravene the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act " were omitted; and in the application of section 183 of this Act to a purchase notice served as aforesaid, that section shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in subsection (1), for the reference to the conditions

therein mentioned, there shall be substituted a reference to the conditions specified in subsection (l)(u) and (b) of this section ; and

(b) the following subsection shall be substituted for sub-

section (2)—

" (2) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to do so, he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, revoke the order under section 51 of this Act, or, as the case may be, amend that order so far as appears to him to be required in order to prevent die land from being rendered incapable of reasonably beneficial use by the order *\

(4) Where a purchase notice in respect of an interest in land is served in consequence of such an order as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, then if—

(a) that interest is acquired in accordance with the pre-

ceding provisions of this Part of this Act; or

(b) compensation is payable in respect of that interest under

section 187(2) of this Act,

no compensation shall be payable in respect of that order under section 170 of this Act.

(5) Except as provided by this section, no purchase notice shall be served in respect of an interest in land while the land is incapable of reasonably beneficial use by reason only of such an order as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

Part IX

1890

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IX

Purchase notice on refusal or conditional grant of listed building consent.

190.—(1) Where, on an application for listed building consent in respect of a building, consent is refused or is granted subject to conditions or, by an order under Part II of Schedule 11 to this Act, listed building consent is revoked or modified, then if any owner of the land claims—

(a) that the land has become incapable of reasonably

beneficial use in its existing state; and

(b) in a case where consent was granted subject to con-

ditions with respect to the execution of the works or, as the case may be, was modified by the imposition of such conditions, that the land cannot be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the works in accordance with those conditions; and

(c) in any case that the land cannot be rendered capable

of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of any other works for which listed building consent has been granted or for which the local planning authority or the Secretary of State has undertaken to grant such consent,

he may, within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, serve on the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the land is situated a notice requiring that council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with Schedule 19 to this Act.

(2) Where, for the purpose of determining whether the conditions specified in subsection (l)(a) to (c) of this section are satisfied in relation to the land, any question arises as to what is or would in any particular circumstances be a reasonably beneficial use of that land, then in determining that question for that purpose, no account shall be taken of any prospective use of that land which would involve the carrying out of new development or of any works requiring listed building consent which might be executed to the building, other than works for which the local planning authority or the Secretary of State have undertaken to grant such consent.

(3) In this section and in Schedule 19 to this Act, " the land " means the building in respect of which listed building consent has been refused, or granted subject to conditions, or modified by the imposition of conditions, and in respect of which its owner serves a notice under this section, together with any land comprising the building, or contiguous or adjacent to it, and owned with it, being land as to which the owner claims that its use is substantially inseparable from that of the building and that it ought to be treated, together with the building, as a single holding.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1891

(4) Subsections (5) and (6) of section 180 of this Act shall Part DC apply to a listed building purchase notice as they apply to a purchase notice under that section.

(5) A notice under this section is in this Act referred to as a " listed building purchase notice

191.—<1) Sections 180 to 183* 186 and 187 of this Act are Purchase provisions falling within subsection (2) of section 60 of this Act; "

and subsection (1) of the said section 60 and subsection (2) of section 63 of this Act, shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where, in the case of an application for planning permission, a notice under section 72(1) of this Act is served in respect of the whole or part of the land to which the application relates, the provisions of sections 180 to 183, 186 and 187 of this Act shall have effect as if the application had been an effective application for planning permission, and as if that permission had been refused in respect of that land or that part thereof, as the case may be.

Interests of owner-occupiers affected by planning proposals

192.—(1) The provisions of sections 193 to 207 of this scope of Act shall have effect in relation to land which— these

. , provisions.

(a) is land indicated m a structure plan m force for the

district in which it is situated either as land which may be required for the purposes of any functions of a government department, local authority or statutory undertakers, or of the National Coal Board, or as land which may be included in an action area; or

(b) is land allocated for the purposes of any such functions

by a local plan in force for the district or is land defined in such a plan as the site of proposed development for the purposes of any such functions; or

(c) is land indicated in a development plan (otherwise than

by being dealt with in a manner mentioned in the preceding paragraphs) as land on which a highway is proposed to be constructed or land to be included in a highway as proposed to be improved or altered; or

(d) is land on or adjacent to the line of a highway proposed

to be constructed, improved or altered, as indicated in an order or scheme which has come into operation under the provisions of Part II of the Highways Act 1959 c. 25.

1892

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IX 1971 c. 41.

1969 c. 33.

c. 78

1959 relating to trunk roads or special roads or as indicated in an order which has come into operation under section 1 of the Highways Act 1971, being land in relation to which a power of compulsory acquisition conferred by any of the provisions of Part X of the said Act of 1959 or Part III of the said Act of 1971 (including a power compulsorily to acquire any right by virtue of section 47 of the said Act of 1971) may become exercisable, as being land required for purposes of construction, improvement or alteration as indicated in the order or scheme; or

(e) is land shown on plans approved by a resolution of a local highway authority as land comprised in the site of a highway as proposed to be constructed, improved or altered by that authority; or

(/) is land on which the Secretary of State proposes to provide a trunk road or a special road and has given to the local planning authority written notice of his intention to provide the road, together with maps or plans sufficient to identify the proposed route of the road; or

(g) is land in the case of which—

(i) there is in force a compulsory purchase order made by a highway authority in the exercise of highway land acquisition powers and providing, by virtue of section 47 of the Highways Act 1971, for the acquisition of a right or rights over that land; and

(ii) the highway authority have power to serve, but have not served, notice to treat in respect of the right or rights;

(h) is land indicated by information published in pursuance of section 31 of the Housing Act 1969 as land which a local authority propose to acquire in the exercise of their powers under Part II of that Act (general improvement areas); or

(0 is land authorised by a special enactment to be compulsorily acquired, or land falling within the limits of deviation within which powers of compulsory acquisition conferred by a special enactment are exercisable; or

(/) is land in respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in force, where the appropriate authority have power to serve, but have not served, notice to treat in respect of the land.

v^.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1893

(2) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to land situated in a district for which a local plan is in force, where that plan—

(a) allocates any land in the district for the purposes of such functions as are mentioned in that paragraph; or

(b) defines any land in the district as the site of proposed development for the purposes of any such functions.

(3) Interests qualifying for protection under these provisions are either—

(a) interests in hereditaments or parts of hereditaments; or

(b) interests in agricultural units or parts of agricultural units.

(4) An interest in the whole or part of a hereditament shall be taken to be an interest qualifying for protection under these provisions if, on the date of service of a notice under section 193 of this Act in respect thereof, either—

(a) the annual value of the hereditament does not exceed

such amount as may be prescribed for the purposes of this paragraph by an order made by the Secretary of State, and the interest in question is the interest of an owner-occupier of the hereditament; or

(b) in a case not falling within the preceding paragraph, the interest in question is the interest of a resident owner occupier of the hereditament.

(5) An interest in the whole or part of an agricultural unit shall be taken to be an interest qualifying for protection under these provisions if, on the date of service of a notice under section 193 of this Act in respect thereof, it is the interest of an owner-occupier of the unit.

(6) In this section and in the said sections 193 to 207 " these provisions" means the provisions of this section and of those sections, "the specified descriptions" means the descriptions contained in subsection (l)(a) to (/*) of this section and " blight notice " means a notice served under section 193 or 201 of this Act.

193.—(1) Where the whole or part of a hereditament or agricultural unit is comprised in land of any of the specified descriptions, and a person claims that—

(a) he is entitled to an interest in that hereditament or unit; and

Part IX

Power to serve blight notice.

1894

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part DC

(b) the interest is one which qualifies for protection under these provisions; and

(c) since the relevant date he has made reasonable endea-

vours to sell that interest; and

(d) he has been unable to sell it except at a price sub-

stantially lower than that for which it might reasonably have been expected to sell if no part of the hereditament or unit were comprised in land of any of the specified descriptions,

he may serve on the appropriate authority a notice in the prescribed form requiring that authority to purchase that interest to the extent specified in, and otherwise in accordance with, these provisions.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to an interest in part of a hereditament or agricultural unit as it applies in relation to an interest in the entirety of a hereditament or agricultural unit:

Provided that this subsection shall not enable any person—

(a) if he is entitled to an interest in the entirety of a heredita-

ment or agricultural unit, to make any claim or serve any notice under this section in respect of his interest in part of the hereditament or unit; or

(b) if he is entitled to an interest only in part of a heredita-

ment or agricultural unit, to make or serve any such claim or notice in respect of his interest in less than the entirety of that part.

(3) In this section " the relevant date "—

(a) in relation to land indicated, allocated or defined as

mentioned in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (1) of section 192 of this Act, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the development plan, or die amendment of the development plan, by virtue of which the land was first so indicated, allocated or defined came into operation;

(b) in relation to land falling within paragraph (d) of that subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) of the coming into force of the order or scheme by virtue of which it falls within that paragraph;

(c) in relation to land falling within paragraph ( of that

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) of the passing of the resolution by virtue of which it falls within that paragraph;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1895

(d) in relation to land falling within paragraph if) of that Part IX

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the Secretary of State gave to the local planning authority the written notice specified in that paragraph;

(e) in relation to land falling within paragraph (g) of that

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the order for the compulsory acquisition of the right or rights over the land was confirmed or made by the Secretary of State;

(f) in relation to land falling within paragraph of that

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the information in question was first published;

(g) in relation to land falling within paragraph (i) of that

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the special enactment in question came into operation;

(h) in relation to land falling within paragraph (/) of that

subsection, means the date (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) on which the order for its compulsory purchase was confirmed or made by the Secretary of State.

(4) In these provisions " the claimant ", in relation to a blight notice, means the person who served that notice, and any reference to the interest of the claimant, in relation to such a notice, is a reference to the interest which the notice requires the appropriate authority to purchase as mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section.

194.—(1) Where a blight notice has been served in respect objection to of a hereditament or an agricultural unit, the appropriate blight notice, authority, at any time before the end of the period of two months beginning with the date of service of that notice, may serve on the claimant a counter-notice in the prescribed form objecting to the notice.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the grounds on which objection may be made in a counter-notice to a notice served under section 193 of this Act are—

(a) that no part of the hereditament or agricultural unit to

which the notice relates is comprised in land of any of the specified descriptions;

(b) that the appropriate authority (unless compelled to do

so by virtue of these provisions) do not propose to acquire any part of the hereditament, or (in file case

1896

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

of aD agricultural unit) any part of the affected area, in the exercise of any relevant powers;

(c) that the appropriate authority propose in the exercise

of relevant powers to acquire a part of the hereditament or (in the case of an agricultural unit) a part of the affected area specified in the counter-notice, but (unless compelled to do so by virtue of these provisions) do not propose to acquire any other part of that hereditament or area in the exercise of any such powers;

(d) that (in the case of land falling within paragraph (a) or (c) but not id), (e) or (/) of section 192(1) of this Act) the appropriate authority (unless compelled to do so by virtue of these provisions) do not propose to acquire in the exercise of any relevant powers any part of the hereditament or (in the case of an agricultural unit) any part of the affected area during the period of fifteen years from the date of the counternotice or such longer period from that date as may be specified in the counter-notice;

(e) that, on the date of service of the notice under section

193 of this Act, the claimant was not entitled to an interest in any part of the hereditament or agricultural unit to which the notice relates;

(/) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) the interest of the claimant is not an interest qualifying for protection under these provisions;

(g) that the conditions specified in paragraphs (c) and (d) of section 193(1) of this Act are not fulfilled.

(3) An objection may not be made on the grounds mentioned in paragraph ( d)of subsection (2) of this section if it may be made on the grounds mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection.

(4) Where the appropriate enactment is one of the enactments conferring highway land acquisition powers, subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if—

(a) in paragraph (b) after the word "acquire" there were

inserted the words " or to acquire any rights over ";

(b) in paragraph (c) for the words "do not propose to

acquire " there were substituted the words " propose neither to acquire, nor to acquire any right over ";

(c) in paragraph (d) after the words " affected area " there

were inserted " or to acquire any right over any part thereof

(5) Any counter-notice served under this section in respect of a blight notice shall specify the grounds (being one or more of the grounds mentioned in the preceding provisions of this section or, as relevant, in section 201(6) of this Act) on which the appropriate authority object to the notice.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1897

(6) In this section " relevant powers ", in relation to any land Part IX falling within any of the specified descriptions, means any powers under which die appropriate authority are or could be authorised—

(a)to acquire that land compulsorily as being land falling within that description; or (b) to acquire that land compulsorily for any of the relevant purposes;

and, where the appropriate enactment is one of the enactments conferring highway land acquisition powers, any such powers as extending to the acquisition of rights over land; and "the relevant purposes", in relation to any such land, means the purposes for which, in accordance with the circumstances by virtue of which that land falls within the description in question, it is liable to be acquired or is indicated as being proposed to be acquired.

195.—(1) Where a counter-notice has been served under sec- Reference of tion 194 of this Act objecting to a blight notice, the claimant, at objection to any time before the end of the period of two months beginning . with the date of service of the counter-notice, may require the 1 ri una' objection to be referred to the Lands Tribunal.

(2) On any such reference, if the objection is not withdrawn, the Lands Tribunal shall consider the matters set out in the notice served by the claimant and the grounds of the objection specified in the counter-notice; and, subject to subsection (3) of this section, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Tribunal that the objection is not well-founded, the Tribunal shall uphold the objection.

(3) An objection on the grounds mentioned in section 194(2) ib), (c) or (d) of this Act shall not be upheld by the Tribunal unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Tribunal that the objection is well-founded.

(4) If the Tribunal determines not to uphold the objection, the Tribunal shall declare that the notice to which the counternotice relates is a valid notice.

(5) If the Tribunal upholds the objection, but only on the grounds mentioned in section 194(2)(c) of this Act, the Tribunal shall declare that the notice is a valid notice in relation to the part of the hereditament or (in the case of an agricultural unit) of the affected area specified in the counter-notice as being the part which the appropriate authority propose fo acquire as therein mentioned, but not in relation to any other part of the hereditament or affected area.

(6) In any case falling within subsection (4) or subsection (5) of this section, the Tribunal shall give directions specifying the date on which notice to treat (as mentioned in section 196 of this Act) is to be deemed to have been served.

1898

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part DC

Effect of valid blight notice.

196.—(1) Where a blight notice has been served, and either—

(a) no counter-notice objecting to that notice is served in

accordance with these provisions; or

(b) where such a counter-notice has been served, the objec-

tion is withdrawn, or, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal, is not upheld by the Tribunal,

the appropriate authority shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire compulsorily under the appropriate enactment the interest of the claimant in the hereditament, or (in the case of an agricultural unit) the interest of the claimant in so far as it subsists in the affected area, and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section.

(2) The said date—

(a) in a case where, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal,

the Tribunal determines not to uphold the objection, is the date specified in directions given by the Tribunal in accordance with section 195(6) of this Act;

(b) in any other case, is the date on which the period of

two months beginning with the date of service of the blight notice comes to an end.

(3) Where the appropriate authority have served a counternotice objecting to a blight notice on the grounds mentioned in section 194(2)(c) of this Act, then if either—

(a) the claimant, without referring that objection to the Lands Tribunal, and before the time for so referring it has expired, gives notice to the appropriate authority that he accepts the proposal of the authority to acquire the part of the hereditament or affected area specified in the counter-notice, and withdraws his claim as to the remainder of that hereditament or area; or

(b) on a reference to the Lands Tribunal, the Tribunal makes a declaration in accordance with section 195(5) of this Act in respect of that part of the hereditament or affected area,

the appropriate authority shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire compulsorily under the appropriate enactment the interest of the claimant in so far as it subsists in the part of the hereditament or affected area specified in the counter-notice (but not in so far as it subsists in any other part of that hereditament or area) and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(4) The said date—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of subsection

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1899

(3) of this section, is the date on which notice is given in accordance with that paragraph; and

(b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection, is the date specified in directions given by the Lands Tribunal in accordance with section 195(6) of this Act

197. Where an interest in land is acquired in pursuance of a blight notice and the interest is one—

(a) in respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in

force under section 1 of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 (as applied by section 114 of this Act) containing a direction for minimum compensation under section 117 of this Act; or

(b) in respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in force under Part III of the Housing Act 1957;

the compensation payable for the acquisition shall, in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this section, be assessed in accordance with the direction mentioned in that paragraph and, in a case falling with paragraph (6) of this section, be assessed in accordance with Part III of the said Act of 1957, in either case as if the notice to treat deemed to have been served in respect of the interest under section 196 of this Act had been served in pursuance of the compulsory purchase order

198.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the person by whom a blight notice has been served may withdraw the notice at any time before the compensation payable in respect of a compulsory acquisition in pursuance of the notice has been determined by the Lands Tribunal, or at any time before the end of the period of six weeks beginning with the date on which the compensation is so determined; and, where such a notice is withdrawn by virtue of this subsection, any notice to treat deemed to have been served in consequence thereof shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

(2) A person shall not be entitled by virtue of subsection (1) of this section to withdraw a notice after the appropriate authority have exercised a right of entering and taking possession of land in pursuance of a notice to treat deemed to have been served in consequence of that notice.

(3) No compensation shall be payable in respect of the withdrawal of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been withdrawn by virtue of subsection (1) of this section.

Part DC

Compensation for compulsory purchase of historic buildings and of land in clearance areas.

1957 c. 56.

Withdrawal of blight notice.

1900

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

199,—(1) The provisions of subsection (2) of this section shall have effect where the grounds of objection specified in a counter-notice served under section 194 of this Act consist of or include the grounds mentioned in paragraph (b) or id) of subsection (2) of that section, and either—

{a) the objection on the grounds mentioned in that paragraph is referred to and upheld by the Lands Tribunal; or

(b) the time for referring that objection to the Lands Tribunal expires without its having been so referred.

(2) If a compulsory purchase order has been made under the appropriate enactment in respect of land which consists of or includes the whole or part of the hereditament or agricultural unit to which the counter-notice relates, or if the land in question falls within section 192(1)(j) of this Act, any power conferred by that order, or by special enactment, as the case may be, for the compulsory acquisition of the interest of the claimant in the hereditament or agricultural unit or any part thereof shall cease to have effect.

(3) The provisions of subsection (4) of this section shall have effect where the grounds of objection specified in a counter-notice under section 194 of this Act consist of or include the grounds mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of that section, and either—

(a) the objection on the grounds mentioned in that para-

graph is referred to and upheld by the Lands Tribunal; or

(b) the time for referring that objection to the Lands

Tribunal expires without its having been so referred;

and in subsection (4) of this section any reference to ‘‘the part of the hereditament or affected area not required" is a reference to the whole of that hereditament or area except the part specified in the counter-notice as being the part which the appropriate authority propose to acquire as mentioned in the counter-notice.

(4) If a compulsory purchase order has been made under the appropriate enactment in respect of land which consists of or includes any of the part of the hereditament or affected area not required, or if the land in question falls within section 192(l)(z) of this Act, any power conferred by that order, or by the special enactment, as the case may be, for the compulsory acquisition of the interest of the claimant in any land comprised in the part of the hereditament or affected area not required shall cease to have effect.

Part IX

Effect on powers of compulsory acquisition of counter-notice disclaiming intention to acquire.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1901

200.—(1) In relation to any time after the death of a person Part IX who has served a blight notice, the provisions mentioned in sub- Death of section (2) of this section shall apply as if any reference therein claimant to the claimant were a reference to the claimant’s personal repre- a? 2*s??r,ce sentatives. notiof

(2) The said provisions are sections 194(1), 195(1) and 196(3) of this Act.

201.—(1) Where the whole or part of a hereditament or Power of agricultural unit is comprised in land falling within any of the mortgagee to specified descriptions and a person claims that— notice^'ght

(a) he is entitled as mortgagee (by virtue of a power which has become exercisable) to sell an interest in the hereditament or unit, giving immediate vacant possession of the land; and

(b) since the relevant date (within the meaning of section 193 of this Act) he has made reasonable endeavours to sell that interest; and

(c) he has been unable to sell it except at a price substantially lower than that for which it might reasonably have been expected to sell if no part of the hereditament or unit were comprised in land of any of the said descriptions,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, he may serve on the appropriate authority a notice in the prescribed form requiring that authority to purchase that interest to the extent specified in, and otherwise in accordance with, these provisions.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to an interest in part of a hereditament or agricultural unit as it applies in relation to an interest in the entirety of a hereditament or agricultural unit:

Provided that this subsection shall not enable a person—

(a) if his interest as mortgagee is in the entirety of a

hereditament or agricultural unit, to make any claim or serve any notice under this section in respect of any interest in part of the hereditament or unit; or

(b) if his interest as mortgagee is only in part of a heredita-

ment or agricultural unit, to make or serve any such notice or claim in respect of any interest in less than the entirety of that part.

(3) Notice under this section shall not be served unless one or other of the following conditions is satisfied with regard to the interest which the mortgagee claims he has the power to sell-

in) the interest could be the subject of a notice under section 193 of this Act served by the person entitled thereto

1902

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

on the date of service of the notice under this section; or

(b) the interest could have been the subject of such a notice served by that person on a date not more than six months before the date of service of the notice under this section.

(4) No notice under this section shall be served in respect of a hereditament or agricultural unit, or any part of a hereditament or agricultural unit, at a time when a notice already served under section 193 of this Act is outstanding with respect to the hereditament, unit or part; and no notice shall be so served under that section at a time when a notice already served under this section is so outstanding.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, a notice served under this section or section 193 of this Act shall be treated as outstanding with respect to a hereditament or agricultural unit, or to part of a hereditament or agricultural unit, until—

(a) it is withdrawn in relation to the hereditament, unit or

part; or

(b) an objection to the notice having been made by a

counter-notice under section 194 of this Act, either—

(i) the period of two months specified in section 195 of this Act elapses without the claimant having required the objection to be referred to the Lands Tribunal under that section; or

(ii) the objection, having been so referred to the Lands Tribunal, is upheld by the Tribunal with respect to the hereditament, unit or part

(6) The grounds on which objection may be made in a counter-notice under section 194 of this Act to a notice under this section are those specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (2) of that section and, in a case to which it applies, the grounds specified in paragraph (d) of that subsection and also the following grounds—

(a) that, on the date of service of the notice under this

section, the claimant had no interest as mortgagee in any part of the hereditament or agricultural unit to which the notice relates;

(b) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) the claimant had not on that date the power referred to in subsection (l)(a) of this section;

(c) that the conditions specified in subsection (l)(h) and (c)

of this section are not fulfilled;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1903

id) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) neither Part IX of the conditions specified in subsection (3) of this section was, on the date of service of the notice under this section, satisfied with regard to the interest referred to in that subsection.

202.—(1) The provisions of sections 194(2)(c), 195(5), 196(3) Saving for and 199(3) and (4) of this Act relating to hereditaments shall claimant’s not affect the right of a claimant under section 92 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845 to sell the whole of the heredita- etc." ment, or (in the case of an agricultural unit) the whole of the 1845 c 18 * affected area, which he has required the authority to purchase.

(2) The said provisions shall not affect the right of a claim- 1965 c. 56. ant under section 8 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 to sell (unless the Lands Tribunal otherwise determines) the whole of the hereditament, or (in the case of an agricultural unit) the whole of the affected area, which he has required the authority to purchase; and accordingly in determining whether or not to uphold an objection relating to a hereditament on the grounds mentioned in section 194(2)(c) of this Act the Tribunal shall consider (in addition to the other matters which they are required to consider) whether—

(a) in the case of a house, building or manufactory, the

part proposed to be acquired can be taken without material detriment to the house, building or manufactory ; or

(b) in the case of a park or garden belonging to a house,

the part proposed to be acquired can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house.

203.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Meaning of in these provisions " owner-occupier ", in relation to a heredita- " owner-ment. means a person who-

(a) occupies the whole or a substantial part of the heredita- owner-ment in right of an owner’s interest therein, and has oocuPicr "• so occupied the hereditament or that part thereof during the whole of the period of six months ending with the date of service; or

(b) occupied, in right of an owner’s interest, the whole or a substantial part of the hereditament during the whole of a period of six months ending not more than twelve months before the date of service, the hereditament, or that part thereof, as the case may be, having been unoccupied since the end of that period.

1904

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

Special provisions as to partnerships.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, in these provisions "owner-occupier", in relation to an agricultural unit, means a person who—

(a) occupies the whole of that unit, and has occupied it

during the whole of the period of six months ending with the date of service; or

(b) occupied the whole of that unit during the whole of a

period of six months ending not more than twelve months before the date of service.

and, at all times material for the purposes of paragraph (a) or paragraph ( b)of this subsection, as the case may be, has been entitled to an owner’s interest in the whole or part of that unit.

(3) In these provisions "resident owner-occupier", in relation to a hereditament, means an individual who—

(a) occupies the whole or a substantial part of the hereditament as a private dwelling in right of an owner’s interest therein, and has so occupied the hereditament or that part thereof, as the case may be, during the whole of the period of six months ending with the date of service; or

(b)occupied, in right of an owner’s interest, the whole or a substantial part of the hereditament as a private dwelling during the whole of a period of six months ending not more than twelve months before the date of service, the hereditament, or that part thereof, as the case may be, having been unoccupied since the end of that period.

(4) In this section " owner’s interest ", in relation to a hereditament or agricultural unit, means a freehold interest therein or a tenancy thereof granted or extended for a term of years certain of which, on the date of service, not less than three years remain unexpired; and " date of service ", in relation to a hereditament or agricultural unit, means the date of service of a notice in respect thereof under section 193 of this Act

204.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the purposes of the application of these provisions to a hereditament or agricultural unit occupied for the purposes of a partnership firm.

(2) Occupation for the purposes of the firm shall be treated as occupation by the firm, and not as occupation by any one or more of the partners individually, and the definitions of " owner-occupier" in section 203(1) and (2) of this Act shall apply in relation to the firm accordingly.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1905

(3) If, after the service by the firm of a blight notice, any Part IX change occurs (whether by death or otherwise) in the constitution of the firm, any proceedings, rights or obligations consequential upon that notice may be carried on or exercised by or against, or (as the case may be) shall be incumbent upon, the partners for the time being constituting the firm.

(4) Nothing in this section or elsewhere in these provisions shall be construed as indicating an intention to exclude the operation of section 19 of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 c. 63. (whereby, unless the contrary intention appears, "person" includes any body of persons corporate or unincorporate) in relation to any of these provisions.

(5) Subsection (2) of this section shall not affect the definition of " resident owner-occupier " in section 203(3) of this Act

205.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, "Appropriate in these provisions " the appropriate authority ", in relation to authority " any land, means the government department, local authority or purposes of other body by whom, in accordance with the circumstances by pJ^sjons. virtue of which the land falls within any of the specified descriptions, the land is liable to be acquired or is indicated as being proposed to be acquired or, as the case may be. any right over the land is proposed to be acquired.

(2) If any question arises—

(a) whether the appropriate authority in relation to any land for the purpose of these provisions is the Secretary of State or a local highway authority; or

(b) which of two or more local highway authorities is the

appropriate authority in relation to any land for those purposes; or

(c) which of two or more local authorities is the appro-

priate authority in relation to any land for those purposes,

that question shall be referred to the Secretary of State, whose decision shall be final.

(3) If any question arises which authority is the appropriate authority for the purposes of these provisions—

(a) section 194(1) of this Act shall have effect as if the

reference to the date of service of the blight notice were a reference to that date or the date on which that question is determined, whichever is the later;

(b) section 201 (3)(6) of this Act shall apply with the sub-

stitution for the period of six months of a reference to that period extended by so long as it takes to obtain a determination of the question; and

1906

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX (c) section 203(l)(h), (2 and (3 of this Act shall

apply with the substitution for the reference to twelve months before the date of service of a reference to that period extended by so long as it takes to obtain a determination of the question.

" Appropriate 206.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,

enactment" in these provisions " the appropriate enactment ", in relation to ^thca?0*88 knd falling within any of the specified descriptions, means the provisions. enactment which provides for the compulsory acquisition of land as being land falling within that description or, as respects the description contained in paragraph (g) of section 192(1) of this Act, the enactment under which the compulsory purchase order referred to in that paragraph was made.

(2) In relation to land falling within the description contained in section 192(l)(h) of this Act an enactment shall, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section be taken to be an enactment which provides for the compulsory acquisition of land as being land falling within that description if—

(a) the enactment provides for the compulsory acquisition

of land for the purposes of the functions which are indicated in the development plan as being the functions for the purposes of which the land is allocated or is proposed to be developed; or

(b) where no particular functions are so indicated in the

development plan, the enactment provides for the compulsory acquisition of land for the purposes of any of the functions of the government department, local authority or other body for the purposes of whose functions the land is allocated or is defined as the site of proposed development.

(3) Where, in accordance with the circumstances by virtue of which any land falls within any of the specified descriptions, it is indicated that the land is proposed to be acquired for highway purposes, any enactment under which a highway authority are or (subject to the fulfilment of the relevant conditions) could be authorised to acquire that land compulsorily for highway purposes shall, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, be taken to be an enactment providing for the compulsory acquisition of that land as being land falling within the description in question.

(4) In subsection (3) of this section the reference to the fulfilment of the relevant conditions is a reference to such one or more of the following as are applicable to the circumstances in question, that is to say—

(a) the coming into operation of any requisite order under 1959 c. 25. the provisions of Part II of the Highways Act 1959

relating to trunk roads;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1907

(b) the coming into operation of any requisite scheme or Part IX

order under the provisions of the said Part II relating to special roads;

(c) the coming into operation of the requisite scheme under

section 3 of the Highways (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act 1961; 1961 c* «•

(d) the coming into operation of the requisite order under

section 1 of the Highways Act 1971; 1971 c. 41.

(e) the making or approval of any requisite plans.

(5) If, apart from this subsection, two or more enactments would be die appropriate enactment in relation to any land for the purposes of these provisions, the appropriate enactment for those purposes shall be taken to be that one of those enactments under which, in the circumstances in question, it is most likely that (apart from these provisions) the land would have been acquired by the appropriate authority.

(6) If any question arises as to which enactment is the appropriate enactment in relation to any land for the purposes of these provisions, that question shall be referred—

(a) where the appropriate authority are a government department, to the Minister or Board in charge of that department;

(b) where the appropriate authority are statutory under-

takers, to the appropriate Minister; and

(c) in any other case, to the Secretary of State,

and the decision of the Minister, Secretary of State or Board to whom a question is referred under this subsection shall be final.

287,—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. General in these provisions the following expressions have the meanings interpretation hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:— provisions

" the affected area *, in relation to an agricultural unit,p means so much of that unit as, on the date of service, consists of land falling within any of the specified descriptions;

" agricultural unit " means land which is occupied as a unit for agricultural purposes, including any dwellinghouse or other building occupied by the same person for the purpose of farming die land;

" annual value ", in relation to a hereditament, means the value which, on the date of service, is shown in the valuation list as the rateable value of that hereditament, except that, where the rateable value differs from the net annual value, it means the value which on that date is shown in the valuation list as the net annual value thereof;

1908

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part IX

1959 c. 25. 1971 c. 41.

" the claimant " has the meaning assigned to it by section 193(4) of this Act;

" hereditament " means the aggregate of the land which forms the subject of a single entry in the valuation list for the time being in force for a rating area;

" highway land acquisition powers " means powers in respect of the acquisition of land which are exercisable by a highway authority under section 214, 215, 218, 219, 220 or 221 of the Highways Act 1959 or under section 44 or 47(3) of the Highways Act 1971;

"special enactment*’ means a local enactment, or a provision contained in an Act other than a local or private Act, being a local enactment or provision authorising the compulsory acquisition of land specifically identified therein; and in this definition " local enactment * means a local or private Act, or an order confirmed by Parliament or brought into operation in accordance with special parliamentary procedure;

" these provisions ", " the specified descriptions " and " blight notice " have the meanings assigned to them respectively by section 192(6) of this Act.

(2) Where any land is on the boundary between two or more rating areas, and accordingly—

(a) different parts of that land form the subject of single

entries in the valuation lists for the time being in force for those areas respectively; but

(b) if the whole of that land had been in one of those areas,

it would have formed the subject of a single entry in the valuation list for that area,

the whole of that land shall be treated, for the purposes of the definition of "hereditament" in subsection (1) of this section, as if it formed the subject of a single entry in the valuation list for a rating area.

(3) Land which forms the subject of an entry in the valuation list by reason only that it is land over which any shooting, fishing or other sporting rights are exercisable, or that it is land over which a right of exhibiting advertisements is let out or reserved, shall not be taken to be a hereditament within the said definition.

(4) Where, in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, land whereof different parts form the subject of single entries in the valuation lists for the time being in force for two or more rating areas is treated as if it formed the subject of a single entry in the valuation list for a rating area, the definition of " annual value " in subsection (1) of this section shall apply as if any reference therein to a value shown in the valuation fist were a reference to the aggregate of the values shown (as rateable

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1909

values or as net annual values, as the case may be) in those Part IX valuation lists in relation to the different parts of that land.

(5) In this section 44 date of service " has the same meaning as in section 203 of this Act.

Supplementary provisions

208. Without prejudice to the provisions of section 198(1) of Nowith-this Act, the power conferred by section 31 of the Land Compen- drawal of sation Act 1961 to withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exercisable in the case of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by virtue of any of the provisions of this Part io61 c 33 of this Act.

Part X Highways Stopping up and diversion of highways

209.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order authorise the Highways stopping up or diversion of any highway if he is satisfied that it affected by is necessary to do so in order to enable development to be carried development: out in accordance with planning permission granted under Part s^retary of III of this Act, or to be carried out by a government department, state.

(2) Any order under this section may make such provision as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient for the provision or improvement of any other highway, and may direct—

(a) that any highway so provided or improved shall for the

purposes of the Highways Act 1959 be a highway 1959 c 25. maintainable at the public expense;

(b) that the Secretary of State, or any local authority

specified in that behalf in the order, shall be the highway authority for that highway;

(c) in the case of a highway for which the Secretary of

State is to be the highway authority, that the highway shall, on such date as may be specified in the order, become a trunk road within the meaning of the Highways Act 1959.

(3) Any order made under this section may contain such incidental and consequential provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient, including in particular—

(a) provision for authorising the Secretary of State, or requiring any other authority or person specified in the order—

(i) to pay, or to make contributions in respect of, the cost of doing any work provided for by the

Pt. in G

1910

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part X order or any increased expenditure to be incurred

which is attributable to the doing of any such work; or

(ii) to repay, or to make contributions in respect of, any compensation paid by the highway authority in respect of restrictions imposed under section 1 or 1935 c. 47. 2 of the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act

1935 in relation to any highway stopped up or diverted under the order;

(h) provision for the preservation of any rights of statutory undertakers in respect of any apparatus of theirs which immediately before the date of the order is under, in, on, over, along or across the highway to which the order relates.

(4) An order may be made under this section authorising the stopping up or diversion of any highway which is temporarily stopped up or diverted under any other enactment.

(5) The provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to—

(a) any power conferred on the Secretary of State by any other enactment to authorise the stopping up or diversion of a highway;

1946 c. 49. (b) the provisions of section 3 of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946; or

(c) the provisions of section 214(l)(a) of this Act.

Footpaths and bridleways affected by development: orders by local planning authorities, etc.

210.—(1) Subject to section 217 of this Act, a competent authority may by order authorise the stopping up or diversion of any footpath or bridleway if they are satisfied as mentioned in section 209(1) of this Act

(2) An order under this section may, if the competent authority are satisfied that it should do so, provide—

(a) for the creation of an alternative highway for use as a

replacement for the one authorised by the order to be stopped up or diverted, or for the improvement of an existing highway for such use;

(b) for authorising or requiring works to be carried out

in relation to any footpath or bridleway for whose stopping up or diversion, creation or improvement, provision is made by the order;

(c) for the preservation of any rights of statutory under-

takers in respect of apparatus of theirs which immediately before the date of the order is under, in, on, over, along or across any such footpath or bridleway;

(d) for requiring any person named in the order to pay, or make contributions in respect of, the cost of carrying out any such works.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1911

(3) An order may be made under this section authorising the Part X stopping up or diversion of a footpath or bridleway which is temporarily stopped up or diverted under any other enactment.

(4) The competent authorities for the purposes of this section are—

(a) the local planning authority; and

(b) in relation to development for which planning permis-

sion was granted by another authority to whom had been delegated the power of granting it, that other authority.

211.—(1) If planning permission is granted under Part III Highways of this Act for constructing or improving, or the Secretary of crossing or State proposes to construct or improve, a highway (hereafter ^tering rout? in this section referred to as " the main highway "), the Secretary newTSway of State may by order authorise the stopping up or diversion ctc. ’

of any other highway which crosses or enters the route of the main highway or which is, or will be, otherwise affected by the construction or improvement of the main highway, if it appears to the Secretary of State expedient to do so—

(a) in the interests of the safety of users of the main high-

way ; or

(b) to facilitate the movement of traffic on the main highway.

(2) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 209 of this Act shall apply to an order under this section as they apply to an order under that section.

Conversion of highway into footpath or bridleway

212.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where Order a local planning authority by resolution adopt a proposal for extinguishing improving the amenity of part of their area, being a proposal which involves a highway in that area (being a highway over highway, which the public have a right of way with vehicles, but not a trunk road or a road classified as a principal road for the purposes of advances under section 235 of the Highways Act 1959) 1959 c. 25. being changed to a footpath or bridleway.

(2) The Secretary of State may, on an application made by the local planning authority after consultation with the highway authority (if different), by order provide for the extinguishment of any right which persons may have to use vehicles on that highway.

(3) An order made under subsection (2) of this section may include such provision as the Secretary of State (after consultation with the highway authority) thinks fit for permitting the

Pt. Ill G 2

1912

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part X use on the highway of vehicles (whether mechanically propelled or not) in such cases as may be specified in the order, notwithstanding the extinguishment of any such right as is mentioned in that subsection; and any such provision may be framed by reference to particular descriptions of vehicles, or to particular persons by whom, or on whose authority, vehicles may be used, or to the circumstances in which, or the times at which, vehicles may be used for particular purposes.

(4) No provision contained in, or having effect under, any enactment, being a provision prohibiting or restricting the use of footpaths, footways or bridleways shall affect any use of a vehicle on a highway in relation to which an order made under subsection (2) of this section has effect, where the use is permitted in accordance with provisions of the order included by virtue of subsection (3) of tins section.

(5) Any person who, at the time of an order under subsection

(2) of this section coming into force, has an interest in land having lawful access to a highway to which the order relates shall be entitled to be compensated by the local planning authority in respect of any depreciation in the value of his interest which is directly attributable to the order and of any other loss or damage which is so attributable.

In this subsection "lawful access" means access authorised by planning permission granted under this Act, the Act of 1947 or the Act of 1962, or access in respect of which no such permission is necessary.

(6) A claim for compensation under subsection (5) of this section shall be made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act.

(7) Sections 178 and 179 of this Act shall have effect in relation to compensation under subsection (5) of this section as they have effect in relation to compensation to which those sections apply.

(8) Without prejudice to section 287(3) of this Act, the Secretary of State may, on an application made by the local planning authority after consultation with the highway authority (if different) by order revoke an order made by him in relation to a highway under subsection (2) of this section; and the effect of the order shall be to reinstate any right to use vehicles on the highway, being a right which was extinguished by virtue of the order under that subsection. 9

(9) Subsections (2), (3) and (5) of section 209 of this Act shall apply to an order under this section as they apply to an order under that section.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1913

213.—(1) Where in relation to a highway an order has been made under section 212(2) of this Act, a competent authority may carry out and maintain any such works on or in the highway, or place on or in it any such objects or structures, as appear to them to be expedient for the purposes of giving effect to the order or of enhancing the amenity of the highway and its immediate surroundings or to be otherwise desirable for a purpose beneficial to the public.

(2) The powers exercisable by a competent authority under this section shall extend to laying out any part of the highway with lawns, trees, shrubs and flower-beds and to providing facilities for recreation or refreshment.

(3) A competent authority may so exercise their powers under this section as to restrict the access of the public to any part of the highway, but shall not so exercise them as—

(a) to prevent persons from entering the highway at any

place where they could enter it before the order under section 212 of this Act was made; or

(b) to prevent the passage of the public along the highway;

or

(c) to prevent normal access by pedestrians to premises

adjoining the highway; or

id) to prevent any use of vehicles which is permitted by an order made under the said section 212 and applying to the highway; or

(e) to prevent statutory undertakers from having access to any works of theirs under, in, on, over, along or across the highway.

(4) An order under section 212(8) of this Act may make provision requiring the removal of any obstruction of the highway resulting from the exercise by a competent authority of their powers under this section.

(5) The competent authorities for the purposes of this section are—

(a) the councils of counties, county boroughs and county

districts; and

(b) in Greater London, the Greater London Council and the

councils of London boroughs;

but such an authority shall not exercise any powers conferred by this section unless they have obtained the consent of the local planning authority and the highway authority (in a case where they are themselves not that authority).

Pt. in G 3

PartX

Provision of amenity for highway reserved to pedestrians.

1914

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part X

Extinguishment of public rights of way over land held for planning purposes.

Procedure for making of orders by Secretary of State.

Extinguishment of rights of way

214. —(1) Where any land has been acquired or appropriated for planning purposes and is for the time being held by a local authority for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated—

(a) the Secretary of State may by order extinguish any

public right of way over the land if he is satisfied that an alternative right of way has been or will be provided or that the provision of an alternative right of way is not required;

(b) subject to section 217 of this Act, the local authority may by order extinguish any such right over the land, being a footpath or bridleway, if they are satisfied as aforesaid.

(2) In this section any reference to the acquisition or appropriation of land for planning purposes shall be construed in accordance with section 133(1) of this Act as if this section were in Part VI of this Act.

Procedure for making and confirming orders

215. —(1) Before making an order under section 209, 211, 212 or 214(1) (a) of this Act the Secretary of State shall publish in at least one local newspaper circulating in the relevant area, and in the London Gazette, a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of the order;

(b) specifying a place in the relevant area where a copy

of the draft order and of any relevant map or plan may be inspected by any person free of charge at all reasonable hours during a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the publication of the notice; and

(c) stating that, within that period, any person may by

notice to the Secretary of State object to the making of the order.

(2) Not later than the date on which that notice is so published, the Secretary of State—

(a) shall serve a copy of the notice, together with a copy of the draft order and of any relevant map or plan, on every local authority in whose area any highway or, as the case may be, any land to which the order relates is situated, and on any water, hydraulic power, gas or electricity undertakers having any cables, mains, pipes or wires laid along, across, under or over any highway to be stopped up or diverted or, as the case may be, any land over which a right of way is to be extinguished, under the order; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1915

(b) shall cause a copy of the notice to be displayed in a PartX prominent position at the ends of so much of any highway as is proposed to be stopped up or diverted or, as the case may be, of the right of way proposed to be extinguished under the order.

(3) If before the end of the said period of twenty-eight days an objection is received by the Secretary of State from any local authority or undertakers on whom a notice is required to be served under subsection (2) of this section, or from any other person appearing to him to be affected by the order, and the objection is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall cause a local inquiry to be held:

Provided that, if the objection is made by a person other than such a local authority or undertakers, the Secretary of State may dispense with such an inquiry if he is satisfied that in the special circumstances of the case the holding of such an inquiry is unnecessary.

(4) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local 1933 c. 51. Government Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall

apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by the Secretary of State under subsection (3) of this section as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of the said section 290, with the substitution for the references to a department of references to the Secretary of State.

(5) After considering any objections to the order which are not withdrawn, and, where a local inquiry is held, the report of the person who held the inquiry, the Secretary of State (subject to subsection (6) of this section) may make the order either without modification or subject to such modifications as he thinks fit.

(6) Where the order contains a provision requiring any such payment, repayment or contribution as is mentioned in section 209(3)(a) of this Act, and objection to that provision is duly made, in accordance with subsection (3) of this section, by an authority or person who would be required thereby to make such a payment, repayment or contribution, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(7) Immediately after the order has been made, the Secretly of State shall publish, in the manner specified in subsection

(1) of this section, a notice stating that the order has been made, and naming a place where a copy of the order may be seen at all reasonable hours; and the provisions of subsection (2) of this section shall have effect in relation to any such notice as they have effect in relation to a notice under subsection (1) of this section.

Pt. m G 4

1916

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PartX

Procedure in anticipation of planning permission, etc.

1958 c. 69.

(8) In this section "the relevant area", in relation to an order, means the area in which any highway or land to which the order relates is situated, and " local authority " means the council of a county, county borough, county district or parish, or of a borough included in a rural district, the Greater London Council, the council of a London borough, and the parish meeting of a rural parish not having a separate parish council.

216.—(1) Where the Secretary of State would, if planning permission for any development had been granted under Part III of this Act, have power to make an order under section 209 or 211 of this Act authorising the stopping-up or diversion of a highway in order to enable that development to be carried out, then, notwithstanding that such permission has not been granted, the Secretary of State may, in the circumstances specified in subsections (2) to (4) of this section, publish notice of the draft of such an order in accordance with section 215 of this Act.

(2) The Secretary of State may publish such a notice as aforesaid where the relevant development is the subject of an application for planning permission and either—

(a) that application is made by a local authority or statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board; or (b) that application stands referred to the Secretary of State in pursuance of a direction under section 35 of this Act; or

(c) the applicant has appealed to the Secretary of State under section 36 of this Act against a refusal of planning permission or of approval required under a development order, or against a condition of any such permission or approval.

(3) The Secretary of State may publish such a notice as aforesaid where—

(a) the relevant development is to be carried out by a local authority, statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board and requires, by virtue of an enactment, the authorisation of a government department; and (b) the developers have made application to the department for that authorisation and also requested a direction under section 40 of this Act or, in the case of the National Coal Board, under section 2 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958, that planning permission be deemed to be granted for that development.

(4) The Secretary of State may publish such a notice as aforesaid where the council of a county or county borough, the Greater London Council, the council of a London borough, a joint planning board, or the Inner London Education Authority certify that they have begun to take such steps, in accordance

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1917

with regulations made by virtue of section 270 of this Act, PartX as are requisite in order to enable them to obtain planning permission for the relevant development.

(5) Section 215(5) of this Act shall not be construed as authorising the Secretary of State to make an order under section 209 or 211 of this Act of which notice has been published by virtue of subsection (1) of this section until planning permission is granted for the development which occasions the making of the order.

217. —(1) An order made under section 210 or 214(1)(6) of this Confirmation

Act shall not take effect unless confirmed by the Secretary of of orders made State, or unless confirmed, as an unopposed order, by the^,P?5f. authority who made it. authom.es.

(2) The Secretary of State shall not confirm any such order unless satisfied as to every matter of which the authority making the order are required under section 210 or 214(l)(h) (as the case may be) to be satisfied.

(3) The time specified—

(a) in an order under section 210 as the time from which

a footpath or bridleway is to be stopped up or diverted ; or

(b) in an order under section 214(l)(h) as the time from

which a right of way is to be extinguished,

shall not be earlier than confirmation of the order.

(4) Schedule 20 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the confirmation of orders under section 210 or 214(l)(h) of this Act and the publicity for such orders after they are confirmed.

Supplementary provisions

218. —(1) The Secretary of State or a local highway authority Compulsory

may be authorised to acquire land compulsorily— acquisition

(a) for the purpose of providing or improving any highway which is to be provided or improved in pursuance of with an order under section 209, 211 or 212 of this Act or highways, for any other purpose for which land is required in connection with such an order; or (b)for the purpose of providing any public right of way which is to be provided as an alternative to a right of way extinguished under 214(l)(a) of this Act.

(2) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 c. 49. 1946 shall apply to the acquisition of land under this section, and accordingly shall have effect—

(a) as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act; and

1918

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part X

Concurrent proceedings in connection with

highways.

Provisions as to telegraphic lines.

1878 c. 76.

(b) as if this section were included among the enactments specified in section l(l)(h) of that Act.

219. —(1) In relation to orders under sections 209,211 and 212 of this Act, regulations made under this Act may make provision for securing that any proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of the acquisition of land under section 218 of this Act (as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of that section) may be taken concurrently with any proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of the order.

(2) In relation to orders under section 214(l)to) of this Act, regulations made under this Act may make provision for securing—

fa) that any proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of such an order may be taken concurrently with any proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of the acquisition of the land over which the right of way is to be extinguished; or

(b) that any proceedings required to be taken for the purposes of the acquisition of any other land under section 218 of this Act (as mentioned in subsection (l)(h) of that section) may be taken concurrently with either or both of the proceedings referred to in the preceding paragraph.

220. —(1) Where in pursuance of an order under section 209, 211 or 212 of this Act a highway is stopped up or diverted, and, immediately before the date on which the order became operative, there was under, in, on, over, along or across the highway a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Post Office, the Post Office shall have the same powers in respect of that line as if the order had not become operative:

Provided that if any person entitled to land over which the highway subsisted requires that the telegraphic line should be altered, paragraphs (1) to (8) of section 7 of the Telegraph Act 1878 shall apply to the alteration, and accordingly shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, as if references therein to undertakers included references to the person so requiring the line to be altered.

(2) Where any such order provides for the improvement of a highway, other than a trunk road, and, immediately before the date on which the order became operative, there was under, in, on, over, along or across the highway a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Post Office, then if the local highway authority require that that line should be altered, paragraphs (1) to (8) of the said section 7 shall apply to the alteration, and

Town and Country Planning Act c. 78

accordingly shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, as if references therein to undertakers included references to the local highway authority:

Provided that those paragraphs shall not apply by virtue of this subsection to the alteration of a telegraphic line for the purpose of the authority’s works as defined in Part II of the Public Utilities Street Works Act 1950.

(3) Where an order under section 214(1)(a) of this Act extinguishing a public right of way is made on the application of a local authority, and at the time of the publication of the notice required by section 215(1) of this Act there was under, in, on, over, along or across the land over which the right of way subsisted a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Post Office—

(a) the power of the Post Office to remove the line shall,

notwithstanding the making of the order, be exercisable at any time not later than the end of the period of three months from the date on which the right of way is extinguished, and shall be exercisable in respect of the whole or any part of the line after the end of that period if before the end of that period the Post Office has given notice to the local authority of its intention to remove the line or that part thereof, as the case may be;

(b) the Post Office may by notice given in that behalf to

the local authority not later than the end of the said period of three months abandon the telegraphic line or any part thereof;

(c) subject to paragraph ( b) of this subsection, the Post

Office shall be deemed at the end of that period to have abandoned any part of the line which it has then neither removed nor given notice of its intention to remove;

{d) the Post Office shall be entitled to recover from the local authority the expense of providing, in substitution for the line and any telegraphic line connected therewith which is rendered useless in consequence of the removal or abandonment of the line, a telegraphic line in such other place as the Post Office may require;

(e) where under the preceding provisions of this subsection the Post Office has abandoned the whole or any part of a telegraphic line, it shall vest in the local authority, and the provisions of the Telegraph Acts 1863 to 1916 shall not apply in relation to the line or that part thereof with respect to anything done or omitted after the abandonment thereof.

1919 Part X

1950 c. 39.

1920

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part X

1878 c. 76.

Application of s. 32 of Mineral Workings Act 1951 to orders under Part X.

1951 c. 60.

Meaning of " operational land".

(4) As soon as practicable after the making of an order under section 214(l)(a) of this Act extinguishing a public right of way in circumstances in which subsection (3) of this section applies, the Secretary of State shall give notice to the Post Office of the making of the order.

(5) In this section " telegraphic line " and " alter " have the same meanings as in the Telegraph Act 1878.

221.—(1) In subsections (1) and (2) of section 32 of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 (power of Ministers to make temporary order for stopping up or diversion of highway in connection with working of surface minerals)—

{a) references to section 209 of this Act (except the reference to subsection (3) of that section) shall include references to section 210 of this Act;

(b) the reference to the said subsection (3) shall include

a reference to subsection (2) of the said section 210; and

(c) references to the Secretary of State shall include refer-

ences to a competent authority for the purposes of the said section 210.

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section 32 (rights of statutory undertakers in respect of their apparatus where order is made under section 209 of this Act) the reference to section 209 of this Act shall include a reference to section 211 of this Act

(3) This section has effect in lieu of the amendments of the said section 32 made by sections 91(4) and 94(5) of the Act of 1968.

Part XI Statutory Undertakers Preliminary

222.In this Act 44 operational land " means, in relation to statutory undertakers—

(a) land which is used for the purpose of carrying on their

undertaking; and

(b) land in which an interest is held for that purpose,

not being land which, in respect of its nature and situation, is comparable rather with land in general than with land which is used, or in which interests are held, for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1921

223.—(1) Where an interest in land is held by statutory undertakers for the purpose of carrying on their undertaking and—

(a) the interest was acquired by them on or after 6th

December 1968; or

(b) it was held by them immediately before that date but the

circumstances were then such that the land did not fall to be treated as operational land for the purposes of the Act of 1962,

then subsection (2) of this section shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether the land is to be treated as operational land for the purposes of this Act and shall so have effect notwithstanding the definition of operational land in section 222 of this Act.

(2) The land shall not be treated as operational land for the purposes of this Act unless one or both of the following conditions are satisfied with respect to it, namely—

(a) there is. or at some time has been, in force with respect

to the land a specific planning permission for its development and that development, if carried out, would involve or have involved the use of the land for the purpose of the carrying on of the statutory undertakers* undertaking; or

(b) the undertakers’ interest in the land was acquired by

them as the result of a transfer under the provisions of the Transport Act 1968 from other statutory undertakers and the land was, immediately before transfer, operational land of those other undertakers.

(3) A specific planning permission for the purpose of subsection (2Ha) of this section is a planning permission—

(a) granted on an application in that behalf under Part III

of this Act or the enactments previously in force and replaced by that Part of this Act; or

(b) granted by provisions of a development order granting

planning permission generally for development which has received specific parliamentary approval; or

(c) granted by a special development order in respect of

development specifically described in the order; or

{d) deemed to be granted by virtue of a direction of a government department under section 40 of this Act, section 41 of the Act of 1962 or section 35 of the Act of 1947;

and the reference in paragraph ( of this subsection to development which has received specific parliamentary approval shall be construed as referring to development authorised by a local or private Act of Parliament or by an order approved by both

Part XI

Cases in which land is to be treated as not being operational land.

1968 c. 73.

1922

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XI

1945 c. 18 (9 & 10 Geo.

Meaning of "the

appropriate

Minister

Applications for planning permission by statutory undertakers.

Houses of Parliament or by an order which has been brought into operation in accordance with the provisions of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945, being an Act or order which designates specifically both the nature of the development thereby authorised and the land upon which it may be carried out

224.—(1) In this Act " the appropriate Minister "—

(a) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an under-

taking for the supply of electricity, gas or hydraulic power, means the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry;

(b) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on a light-

house undertaking, means the said Secretary of State or the Board of Trade ;

(c) in relation to statutory undertakers carrying on an under-

taking for the supply of water, means, in the application of this Act to Wales, the Secretary of State for Wales; and

id) in relation to any other statutory undertakers, means the Secretary of State for the Environment.

(2) This Act shall have effect as if references to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister—

{a) were references to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, if the appropriate Minister is not the one concerned as the Secretary of State; and (b) were references to the one concerned as the Secretary of State alone, if he is also the appropriate Minister;

and similarly with references to a Minister and the appropriate Minister and with any provision requiring the Secretary of State to act jointly with the appropriate Minister.

General provisions

225.—(1) Whereto) an application for planning permission to develop land to which this subsection applies is made by statutory undertakers and is referred to the Secretary of State under Part III of this Act; or (b) an appeal is made to the Secretary of State under Part III of this Act from the decision on such an application ; or

to) such an application is deemed to be made under subsection (7) of section 88 of this Act on an appeal under that section by statutory undertakers,

the application or appeal shall be dealt with by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1923

(2) Subsection (1) of this section applies— Part XI

{a) to operational land ; and

(b) to land in which the statutory undertakers hold, or propose to acquire, an interest with a view to its being used for the purpose of carrying on their undertaking where the planning permission, if granted on the application or appeal, would be for development involving the use of the land for that purpose.

(3) An application for planning permission which is deemed to have been made by virtue of section 95(6) of this Act shall be determined by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in Part III of this Act, planning permission to develop operational land of statutory undertakers shall not, except with their consent, be granted subject to conditions requiring that any buildings or works authorised by the permission shall be removed, or that any use of the land so authorised shall be discontinued, at the end of a specified period.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act as to compensation, the provisions of this Act shall apply to an application which is dealt with under this section by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister as if it had been dealt with by the Secretary of State.

226. —(1) Where the authorisation of a government depart- Development ment is required in respect of any development of operational requiring land, then, except where that authorisation has been granted authorisation without any direction as to the grant of planning permission, the J}f government Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister shall not be department, required to deal with an application for planning permission

under section 225(1) of this Act.

(2) The provisions of subsection (3) of section 40 of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section as they have effect for the purposes of that section.

227. In relation to any planning permission, granted on the Revocation or application of statutory undertakers, for the development of modification operational land, the provisions of Part III of this Act with permission respect to the revocation and modification of planning permission operational shall have effect as if, for any reference therein to the Secretary land.

of State, there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister. 228

228. The provisions of Part III of this Act with respect to Order

the making of orders requiring the discontinuance of any use of requiring dis-land or imposing conditions on the continuance thereof, or continuance^ requiring buildings or works on land to be altered or removed, optional

land.

1924

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XI

Acquisition of land of statutory undertakers. 1946 c. 49.

Extinguishment of rights of way, and rights as to apparatus, of statutory undertakers.

c. 78

shall have effect, in relation to operational land of statutory undertakers, as if, for any reference therein to the Secretary of State, there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

229. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 10 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946, a compulsory purchase order to which this section applies may be confirmed or made without the appropriate Minister's certificate.

(2) This section applies to any compulsory purchase order under this Act authorising the acquisition of land which has been acquired by statutory undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking.

(3) Except where the appropriate Minister's certificate is given, a compulsory purchase order to which this section applies shall be of no effect unless it is confirmed or made by the appropriate Minister jointly with the Minister or Ministers who would apart from this subsection have power to make or confirm it.

(4) In this section "the appropriate Minister’s certificate'' means such a certificate as is mentioned in paragraph 10 of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1946.

230. —(1) Where any land has been acquired by a Minister, a local authority or statutory undertakers under Part VI of this Act or compulsorily under any other enactment, or has been appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes, and—

(a) there subsists over that land a right vested in or belong-

ing to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking, being a right of way or a right of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining apparatus on, under or over the land; or

(b) there is on, under or over the land apparatus vested in

or belonging to statutory undertakers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking.

the acquiring or appropriating authority, if satisfied that the extinguishment of the right or, as the case may be, the removal of the apparatus, is necessary for the purpose of carrying out any development with a view to which the land was acquired or appropriated, may serve on the statutory undertakers a notice stating that, at the end of the period of twenty-eight days from the date of service of the notice or such longer period as may be specified therein, the right will be extinguished or requiring that, before the end of such period as aforesaid, the apparatus shall be removed.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1925

(2) The statutory undertakers on whom a notice is served Part XI under subsection (1) of this section may, before the end of the

period of twenty-eight days from the service of the notice, serve a counter-notice on the acquiring or appropriating authority stating that they object to all or any of the provisions of the notice and specifying the grounds of their objection.

(3) If no counter-notice is served under subsection (2) of this section—

(a) any right to which the notice relates shall be extin-

guished at the end of the period specified in that behalf in the notice; and

(b) if, at the end of the period so specified in relation to any

apparatus, any requirement of the notice as to the removal of the apparatus has not been complied with, the acquiring or appropriating authority may remove the apparatus and dispose of it in any way the authority may think fit.

(4) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (2) of this section on a local authority or on statutory undertakers, the authority or undertakers may either withdraw the notice (without prejudice to the service of a further notice) or may apply to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for an order under this section embodying die provisions of the notice, with or without modification.

(5) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (2) of this section on a Minister, he may withdraw the notice (without prejudice to the service of a further notice) or he and the appropriate Minister may make an order under this section embodying the provisions of the notice, with or without modification.

(6) In this section any reference to the appropriation of land for planning purposes shall be construed in accordance with section 133(1) of this Act as if this section were in Part VI of this Act.

231.—(1) Where a Minister and the appropriate Minister Orders propose to make an order under section 230(5) of this Act, they under s. 230. shall prepare a draft of the order.

(2) Before making an order under subsection (4) or subsection (5) of section 230 of this Act, the Ministers proposing to make the order—

(a) shall afford to the statutory undertakers on whom notice was served under subsection (1) of that section an opportunity of objecting to the application for, or proposal to make, the order; and

1926

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XI

Notice for same purposes as s. 230 but given by statutory undertakers to developing authority.

(b) if any objection is made, shall consider the objection and afford to those statutory undertakers (and, in a case falling within subsection (4) of that section, to the local authority or statutory undertakers on whom the counter-notice was served) an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for the purpose,

and may then, if they think fit, make the order in accordance with the application or in accordance with the draft order, as the case may be, either with or without modification.

(3) Where an order is made under section 230 of this Act—

(a) any right to which the order relates shall be extinguished

at the end of the period specified in that behalf in the order; and

(b) if, at the end of the period so specified in relation to

any apparatus, any requirement of the order as to the removal of the apparatus has not been complied with, the acquiring or appropriating authority may remove the apparatus and dispose of it in any way the authority may think fit.

232.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where land has been acquired or appropriated as mentioned in section 230(1) of this Act, and—

(a) there is on, under or over the land any apparatus vested

in or belonging to statutory undertakers; and

(b) the undertakers claim that development to be carried

out on the land is such as to require, on technical or other grounds connected with the carrying on of their undertaking, the removal or re-siting of the apparatus affected by the development,

the undertakers may serve on the acquiring or appropriating authority a notice claiming the right to enter on the land and carry out such works for the removal or re-siting of the apparatus or any part of it as may be specified in the notice.

(2) Where, after the land has been acquired or appropriated as aforesaid, development of the land is begun to be carried out, no notice under this section shall be served later than twenty-one days after the beginning of the development.

(3) Where a notice is served under this section, the authority on whom it is served may, before the end of the period of twenty-eight days from the date of service, serve on the statutory undertakers a counter-notice stating that they object to all or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1927

any of the provisions of the notice and specifying the grounds Part XI of their objection.

(4) If no counter-notice is served under subsection (3) of this section, the statutory undertakers shall, after the end of the period of twenty-eight days therein mentioned, have the rights claimed in their notice.

(5) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (3) of this section, the statutory undertakers who served the notice under this section may either withdraw it or may apply to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for an order under this section conferring on the undertakers the rights claimed in the notice or such modified rights as the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister think it expedient to confer on them.

(6) Where, by virtue of this section or of an order of Ministers thereunder, statutory undertakers have the right to execute works for the removal or re-siting of apparatus, they may arrange with the acquiring or appropriating authority for the works to be carried out by that authority, under the superintendence of the undertakers, instead of by the undertakers themselves.

233.—(1) The powers conferred by this section shall be Extension or exercisable where, on a representation made by statutory under- modification takers, it appears to the Secretary of State and the appropriate ^tutory Minister to be expedient that the powers and duties of those undertakers, undertakers should be extended or modified, in order—

(a) to secure the provision of services which would not

otherwise be provided, or satisfactorily provided, for any purpose in connection with which a local authority or Minister may be authorised under Part VI of this Act to acquire land or in connection with which any such person may compulsorily acquire land under any other enactment; or

(b) to facilitate an adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking necessitated by any of the acts and events mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The said acts and events are—

(a) the acquisition under Part VI of this Act or compulsorily

under any other enactment of any land in which an interest was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking of the statutory undertakers in question;

(b) the extinguishment of a right or the imposition of any requirement by virtue of section 230 of this Act;

(c) a decision on an application made by the statutory

undertakers for planning permission to develop any

1928

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XI

such land as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(d) the revocation or modification of planning permission

granted on any such application;

(e) the making of an order under section 51 of this Act in

relation to any such land.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall also be exercisable where, on a representation made by a local authority or Minister, it appears to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to be expedient that the powers and duties of statutory undertakers should be extended or modified, in order to secure the provision of new services, or the extension of existing services, for any purpose in connection with which the local authority or Minister making the representation may be authorised under Part VI of this Act to acquire land or in connection with which the local authority or Minister may compulsorily acquire land under any other enactment.

(4) Where the powers conferred by this section are exercisable, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may, if they think fit, by order provide for such extension or modification of the powers and duties of the statutory undertakers as appears to them to be requisite in order to secure the services in question, as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or (3) of this section, or to secure the adjustment in question, as mentioned in subsection

(l)(h) of this section, as the case may be.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (4) of this section, an order under this section may make provision—

(a) for empowering the statutory undertakers to acquire

(whether compulsorily or by agreement) any land specified in the order, and to erect or construct any buildings or works so specified;

(b) for applying, in relation to the acquisition of any such

land or the construction of any such works, enactments relating to the acquisition of land and the construction of works;

(c) where it has been represented that the making of the

order is expedient for the purposes mentioned in subsection (1 )(a)or (3) of this section, for giving effect to such financial arrangements between the local authority or Minister and the statutory undertakers as they may agree, or as, in default of agreement, may be determined to be equitable in such manner and by such tribunal as may be specified in the order;

(d) for such incidental and supplemental matters as appear to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to be expedient for the purposes of the order.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1929

234. —(1) As soon as may be after making such a representa- Part XI

tion as is mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (3) of section Procedure 233 of this Act— in relation

(a) the statutory undertakers, in a case falling within sub- JSider s"233.

section (1) of that section; or

(b) the local authority or Minister making the representa-

tion, in a case falling within subsection (3) thereof,

shall publish, in such form and manner as may be directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates, and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of an order on the representation may be made, and shall also, if it is so directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, serve a like notice on such persons, or persons of such classes, as may be so directed.

(2) Orders under section 233 of this Act shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

235. —(1) Where, on a representation made by statutory under- Relief of takers, the appropriate Minister is satisfied that the fulfilment statutory of any obligation incurred by those undertakers in connection ^ndcrtakers with the carrying on of their undertaking has been rendered obligations impracticable by an act or event to which this subsection applies, rendered the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, by order direct impracticable, that tite statutory undertakers shall be relieved of the fulfilment

of that obligation, either absolutely or to such extent as may be specified in the order.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section applies to the following acts and events, that is to say—

(a) the compulsory acquisition under Part VI of this Act

or under any other enactment of any land in which an interest was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking of the statutory undertakers; and

(b) the acts and events specified in section 233(2)(fi) to (e)

of this Act.

(3) As soon as may be after making a representation to the appropriate Minister under subsection (1) of this section, the statutory undertakers shall, as may be directed by the appropriate Minister, either publish (in such form and manner as may be so directed) a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates, and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the making of an order on the representation may

1930

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XI be made, or serve such a notice on such persons, or persons

of such classes, as may be so directed, or both publish and serve such notices.

(4) If any objection to the making of an order under this section is duly made and is not withdrawn before the order is made, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(5) Immediately after an order is made under this section by the appropriate Minister, he shall publish a notice stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of it may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice—

(a) on any person who duly made an objection to the order and has sent to the appropriate Minister a request in writing to serve him with the notice required by this subsection, specifying an address for service; and

ib) on such other persons (if any) as the appropriate Minister thinks fit.

(6) Subject to subsection (7) of this section, and to the provisions of Part XII of this Act, an order under this section shall become operative on the date on which the notice required by subsection (5) of this section is first published.

(7) Where in accordance with subsection (4) of this section the order is subject to special parliamentary procedure, subsection

(6) of this section shall not apply.

Objections to 236.—(1) For the purposes of sections 233 and 235 of this

orders under Act, an objection to the making of an order thereunder shall ss. 233 and 235. not ^ treated as duly made unless—

(a) the objection is made within the time and in the manner

specified in the notice required by the section under which the order is proposed to be made; and

(b) a statement in writing of the grounds of the objection is

comprised in or submitted with the objection.

(2) Where an objection to the making of such an order is duly made in accordance with subsection (1) of this section and is not withdrawn, the following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation thereto:

Provided that, in the application of those provisions to an order under section 233 of this Act, any reference to the appropriate Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1931

(3) Unless the appropriate Minister decides apart from the objection not to make the order, or decides to make a modification which is agreed to by the objector as meeting the objection, the appropriate Minister, before making a final decision, shall consider the grounds of the objection as set out in the statement, and may, if he thinks fit, require the objector to submit within a specified period a further statement in writing as to any of the matters to which the objection relates.

(4) In so far as the appropriate Minister, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and in any such further statement, is satisfied that die objection relates to a matter which can be dealt with in the assessment of compensation, the appropriate Minister may treat the objection as irrelevant for the purpose of making a final decision.

(5) If, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and in any such further statement, the appropriate Minister is satisfied that, for the purpose of making a final decision, he is sufficiently informed as to the matters to which the objection relates, or if, where a further statement has been required, it is not submitted within the specified period, the appropriate Minister may make a final decision without further investigation as to those matters.

(6) Subject to subsections (4) and (5) of this section, the appropriate Minister, before making a final decision, shall afford to the objector an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the appropriate Minister; and if the objector avails himself of that opportunity, the appropriate Minister shall afford an opportunity of appearing and being heard on the same occasion to the statutory undertakers, local authority or Minister on whose representation the order is proposed to be made, and to any other persons to whom it appears to the appropriate Minister to be expedient to afford such an opportunity.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, if it appears to the appropriate Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquity before he makes a final decision, he shall cause such an inquiry to be held; and where he determines to cause such an inquiry to be held, any of the requirements of those provisions to which effect has not been given at the time of that determination shall be dispensed with.

(8) In this section any reference to making a final decision, in relation to an order, is a reference to deciding whether to make the order or what modification (if any) ought to be made.

Part XI

1932

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Compensation

237.—(1) Statutory undertakers shall, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled to compensation from the local planning authority—

(a) in respect of any decision made in accordance with

section 225 of this Act whereby planning permission to develop operational land Of those undertakers is refused or is granted subject to conditions where—

(i) planning permission for that development would have been granted by a development order but for a direction given under such an order that planning permission so granted should not apply to the development; and

(ii) it is not development which has received specific parliamentary approval (within the meaning given to that expression by section 223(3) of this Act);

(b) in respect of any order under section 45 of this Act, as

modified by section 227 thereof, whereby planning permission, granted on the application of those undertakers for the development of any such land, is revoked or modified.

(2) Where, by virtue of section 230 of this Act, any right vested in or belonging to statutory undertakers is extinguished, or any requirement is imposed on statutory undertakers, those undertakers shall be entitled to compensation from the acquiring or appropriating authority at whose instance the right was extinguished or the requirement imposed.

(3) Where works are carried out for the removal or re-siting of statutory undertakers* apparatus, being works which the undertakers have the right to carry out by virtue of section 232 of this Act or an order of Ministers thereunder, the undertakers shall be entitled to compensation from the acquiring or appropriating authority.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, if the decision or order in question relates to land acquired by the statutory undertakers after 7th January 1947, and the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister are satisfied, having regard to the nature, situation and existing development of the land and of any neighbouring land, and to any other material considerations, that it is unreasonable that compensation should be recovered in respect of that decision or order, they may include therein a direction that subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to that decision or order.

(5) For the purposes of this section the conditions referred to in sections 41 and 42 of this Act shall be disregarded and

Part XI

Right to compensation in respect of certain decisions and orders.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1933

no compensation shall be payable under this section in respect Part XI of the imposition of any condition to which section 71 or 82 of this Act applies.

238.—-(1) Where statutory undertakers are entitled to com- Measure of pensation— compensation

(a) as mentioned in subsection (1), (2) or (3) of section ImdSiakera.

237 of this Act; or

(б) under the provisions of section 170 in respect of an

order made under section 51 of this Act as modified by section 228 thereof; or

(c) in respect of a compulsory acquisition of land which has been acquired by those undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking, where the first-mentioned acquisition is effected under a compulsory purchase order confirmed or made without the appropriate Minister’s certificate,

the amount of the compensation shall (subject to section 239 of this Act) be an amount calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) The said amount, subject to subsections (3) and (4) of this section, shall be the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount of any expenditure reasonably incurred in

acquiring land, providing apparatus, erecting buildings or doing work for the purpose of any adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking rendered necessary by the proceeding giving rise to compensation ;

(b) whichever of the following is applicable, namely—

(i) where such an adjustment is made, the estimated amount of any decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking pending the adjustment, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the proceeding giving rise to compensation, together with such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking in the period after the adjustment has been completed, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the adjustment;

(ii) where no such adjustment is made, such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking which is directly attributable to the proceeding giving rise to compensation;

1934

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

PaetXI

(c) where the compensation is under section 237(2) of this Act, and is in respect of the imposition of a requirement to remove apparatus, the amount of any expenditure reasonably incurred by the statutory undertakers in complying with the requirement, reduced by the value after removal of the apparatus removed.

(3) Where any such adjustment as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section is made, the aggregate amount mentioned in that subsection shall be reduced by such amount (if any) as appears to the Lands Tribunal to be appropriate to offset—

(a) the estimated value of any property (whether moveable or immoveable) belonging to the statutory undertakers and used for the carrying on of their undertaking which, in consequence of the adjustment, ceases to be so used, in so far as the value of the property has not been taken into account under paragraph (c) of that subsection; and

(b)the estimated amount of any increase in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking in the period after the adjustment has been completed, in so far as that amount has not been taken into account under paragraph ( b)of that subsection and is directly attributable to the adjustment,

and by any further amount which appears to the Lands Tribunal to be appropriate, having regard to any increase in the capital value of immoveable property belonging to the statutory undertakers which is directly attributable to the adjustment, allowance being made for any reduction made under paragraph (b) of this subsection.

(4) Where the compensation is under section 237(3) of this Act and the acquiring or appropriating authority carry out the works, then, in addition to any reduction falling to be made under subsection (3) of this section, the aggregate amount mentioned in subsection (2) of this section shall be reduced by the actual cost to the authority of carrying out the works.

(5) References in this section to a decrease in net receipts shall be construed as references to the amount by which a balance of receipts over expenditure is decreased, or a balance of expenditure over receipts is increased, or, where a balance of receipts over expenditure is converted into a balance of expenditure over receipts, as references to the aggregate of the two balances; and references to an increase in net receipts shall be construed accordingly.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1935

(6) In this section—

Part XI

" proceeding giving rise to compensation " means—

(a) except in relation to compensation under section 237(3) of this Act, the particular action (that is to say, the decision, order, extinguishment of a right, imposition of a requirement, or acquisition) in respect of which compensation falls to be assessed, as distinct from any development or project in connection with which that action may have been taken;

(b) in relation to compensation under the said section 237(3), the circumstances making it necessary for the apparatus in question to be removed or re-sited;

44 the appropriate Minister’s certificate " has the same meaning as in section 229 of this Act.

239. —(1) Where statutory undertakers are entitled to com-Exclusion of pensation in respect of such a compulsory acquisition as is «• 238 at option mentioned in section 238(l)(c) of this Act, the statutory under- undertaken takers may by notice in writing under this section elect that the1111 compensation shall be ascertained in accordance with the enactments (other than rule (5) of the rules set out in section 5 of the

Land Compensation Act 1961) which would be applicable apart 1961 c. 33. from section 238 of this Act; and if the undertakers so elect the compensation shall be ascertained accordingly.

(2) An election under this section may be made either in respect of the whole of the land comprised in the compulsory acquisition in question or in respect of part of that land.

(3) Any notice under this section shall be given to the acquiring authority before the end of the period of two months from the date of service of notice to treat in respect of the interest of the statutory undertakers. 240

240. —(1) Where the amount of any such compensation as is Procedure mentioned in subsection (1) of section 238 of this Act falls to for assessing be ascertained in accordance with the provisions of that section,

file compensation shall, in default of agreement, be assessed by applies.* the Lands Tribunal, if apart from this section it would not fall to be so assessed.

(2) For the purposes of any proceedings arising before the Lands Tribunal in respect of compensation falling to be ascertained as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the provisions of sections 2 and 4 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 shall apply as they apply to proceedings on a question referred

1936

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XI

Special provisions as to display of advertisements on operational land.

Validity of development plans and certain orders, decisions and directions.

to the Tribunal under section 1 of that Act, but with the substitution in section 4 of that Act, for references to the acquiring authority, of references to the person from whom the compensation is claimed.

Supplementary provisions

241.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act specified in subsection (2) of this section do not apply in relation to the display of advertisements on operational land of statutory undertakers.

(2) The said provisions are sections 225 to 228 and 237(1) and

(4) of this Act.

Part XII

Validity of Planning Instruments and Decisions and Proceedings Relating Thereto

242.—(1) Except as provided by the following provisions of this Part of this Act, the validity of—

(a) a structure plan, a local plan or any alteration, repeal

or replacement of any such plan, whether before or after the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement has been approved or adopted; or

(b) an order under any provision of Part X of this Act except section 214(l)(a), whether before or after the order has been made; or

(c) an order under section 235 of this Act, whether before

or after the order has been made; or

id) any such order as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this

section, whether before or after it has been confirmed; or

ie) any such action on the part of the Secretary of State as

is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section,

shall not be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever.

(2) The orders referred to in subsection (l)(d) of this section are orders of any of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) any order under section 45 of this Act or under the

provisions of that section as applied by or under any other provision of this Act;

(b) any order under section 51 of this Act;

(c) any tree preservation order;

(d) any order made in pursuance of section 63(4) of this

Act;

(e) any order under Part II of Schedule 11 to this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1937

(3) The action referred to in subsection (l)(e) of this section is action^ on the part of the Secretary of State of any of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) any decision of the Secretary of State on an application

for planning permission referred to him under section 35 of this Act;

(b) any decision of the Secretary of State on an appeal under section 36 of this Act;

(c) the giving by the Secretary of State of any direction

under section 38 of this Act;

(d) any decision by the Secretary of State to confirm a

completion notice under section 44 of this Act;

(e) any decision of the Secretary of State relating to an

application for consent under a tree preservation order, or relating to an application for consent under any regulations made in accordance with section 63 of this Act, or relating to any certificate or direction under any such order or regulations, whether it is a decision of the Secretary of State on appeal or a decision on an application referred to him for determination in the first instance;

(/) any decision of the Secretary of State to grant planning permission under section 88(5)(a) of this Act;

(g) any decision of the Secretary of State on an application

for an established use certificate referred to him under subsection (1) of section 95 of this Act or on an appeal under subsection (2) of that section;

(h) any decision of the Secretary of State under subsection

(5)(a) of section 97 of this Act to grant listed building consent for any works or under subsection (5 of that section to grant planning permission in respect of any works;

(f) any decision of the Secretary of State to confirm a pur-

chase notice or listed building purchase notice;

(/) any decision of the Secretary of State not to confirm a purchase notice or listed building purchase notice, including any decision not to confirm such a notice in respect of part of the land to which it relates, and including any decision to grant any permission, or give any direction, in lieu of confirming such a notice, either wholly or in part;

(k) any decision of the Secretary of State on an application referred to him under paragraph 4 of Schedule 11 to this Act (being an application for listed building consent for any works) or on an appeal under paragraph 8 of that Schedule.

Part XII

1938

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XII

Validity of enforcement notices and similar notices.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the exercise of any jurisdiction of any court in respect of any refusal or failure on the part of the Secretary of State to take any such action as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section.

243.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) the validity of an enforcement notice shall not, except

by way of an appeal under Part V of this Act, be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in section 88(1)(6) to (e) of this Act;

(b) the validity of a listed building enforcement notice shall

not, except by way of an appeal under Part V of this Act, be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in section 97(1X6) or (e) of this Act.

(2) Subsection (l)(n) of this section shall not apply to proceedings brought under section 89(5) of this Act against a person who—

(a) has held an interest in the land since before the enforce-

ment notice was served under Part V of this Act; and

(b) did not have the enforcement notice served on him thereunder; and

(c) satisfies the court that—

(i) he did not know and could not reasonably have been expected to know that the enforcement notice had been served; and

(ii) his interests have been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the validity of a notice which has been served under section 65 of this Act on the owner and occupier of the land shall not, except by way of an appeal under Part V of this Act, be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in section 105(l)(fl) to (c) of this Act.

(4) Subsection (3) of this section shall not apply to proceedings brought under section 104 of this Act against a person on whom the notice referred to in that subsection was not served, but who has held an interest in the land since before that notice was served on the owner and occupier of the land, if he did not appeal against the notice under Part V of this Act.

(5) The validity of a notice purporting to be an enforcement notice shall not depend on whether any non-compliance to which the notice relates was a non-compliance with conditions, or with limitations, or with both; and any reference in such a notice to non-compliance with conditions or limitations (whether both

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1939

expressions are used in the notice or only one of them) shall be Part xn construed as a reference to non-compliance with conditions, or with limitations, or both with conditions and limitations, as the case may require.

244.—(1) If any person aggrieved by a structure plan or local Proceedings plan or by any alteration, repeal or replacement of any such plan for questioning desires to question the validity of the plan, alteration, repeal or ^evdopment replacement on the ground that it is not within the powers pi^ and conferred by Part II of this Act, or that any requirement of certain orders the said Part II or of any regulations made thereunder has not under been complied with in relation to the approval or adoption of Parts X and XI. the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, he may, within six weeks from the date of the publication of the first notice of the approval or adoption of the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement required by regulations under section 18 (1) of this Act, make an application to the High Court under this section.

(2) On any application under this section the High Court—

(a) may by interim order wholly or in part suspend the

operation of the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings;

(b) if satisfied that the plan, alteration, repeal or replace-

ment is wholly or to any extent outside the powers conferred by Part II of this Act, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by the failure to comply with any requirement of the said Part II or of any regulations made thereunder, may wholly or in part quash the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, as the case may be, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, to an order under section 209, 211, 212 or 214(l)(<z) of this Act as they apply to a structure plan, and as if, in subsection (1) of this section, for the reference to the notice therein mentioned, there were substituted a reference to the notice required by section 215(7) of this Act.

(4) The said provisions shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, to an order under section 210 or 214(1 of this Act as they apply to a structure plan, and as if, in subsection (1) of this section, for the reference to the date on which the notice therein mentioned is first published there were substituted a reference to the date on which the notice required by para-

1940

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XII graph 6 of Schedule 20 to this Act is first published in accordance with that paragraph.

(5) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, to an order under section 235 of this Act as they apply to a structure plan.

245.—(1) If any person—

(a) is aggrieved by any order to which this section applies and desires to question the validity of that order, on the grounds that the order is not within the powers of this Act, or that any of the relevant requirements have not been complied with in relation to that order; or

(b) is aggrieved by any action on the part of the Secretary of State to which this section applies and desires to question the validity of that action, on the grounds that the action is not within the powers of this Act, or that any of the relevant requirements have not been complied with in relation to that action,

he may, within six weeks from the date on which the order is confirmed or the action is taken, as the case may be, make an application to the High Court under this section.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, if the authority directly concerned with any order to which this section applies, or with any action on the part of the Secretary of State to which this section applies, desire to question the validity of that order or action on any of the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the authority may, within six weeks from the date on which the order is confirmed or the action is taken, as the case may be, make an application to the High Court under this section.

(3) This section applies to any such order as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section 242 of this Act and to any such action on the part of the Secretary of State as is mentioned in subsection (3) of that section.

(4) On any application under this section the High Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order or action, the validity whereof is questioned by the application, until the final determination of the proceedings;

(b) if satisfied that the order or action in question is not within the powers of this Act, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any of the relevant require-

Proceedings for questioning validity of other orders, decisions and directions.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1941

ments in relation thereto, may quash that order or PartXII action:

Provided that paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not apply to applications questioning the validity of tree preservation orders.

(5) In relation to a tree preservation order, or to an order made in pursuance of section 63(4) of this Act, the powers conferred on the High Court by subsection (4) of this section shall be exercisable by way of quashing or (where applicable) suspending the operation of the order either in whole or in part, as the court may determine.

(6) References in this section to the confirmation of an order include the confirmation of an order subject to modifications as well as the confirmation of an order in the form in which it was made.

(7) In this section "the relevant requirements ", in relation to any order or action to which this section applies, means any requirements of this Act or of the Tribunals and Inquiries

Act 1971 (or any enactment replaced thereby), or of any order, 1971 a 62. regulations or rules made under this Act or under that Act (or any such enactment) which are applicable to that order or action, and any reference to the authority directly concerned with any order or action to which this section applies—

(a) in relation to an order made by a local authority other

than the local planning authority, and* in relation to any decision of the Secretary of State on appeal from a decision made by such a local authority, is a reference to that local authority;

(b) in relation to any such decision as is mentioned in

section 242(3)(i) or (/) of this Act, is a reference to the council on whom the notice in question was served, and, in a case where the Secretary of State has modified such a notice, wholly or in part, by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for that council, includes a reference to that local authority or those statutory undertakers;

(c) in any other case, is a reference to the local planning

authority:

Provided that if, in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection, the order or decision in question was made in the exercise of functions delegated to the other local authority by the local planning authority, and it is agreed between the two authorities that die local planning authority shall act in the matter, the reference shall be construed as a reference to the local planning authority.

1942

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XII

Appeals to High Court relating to enforcement notices and similar notices.

1925 c. 49.

c. 78

246.—(1) Where the Secretary of State gives a decision in proceedings on an appeal under Part V of this Act against—

(a) an enforcement notice;

(b) a listed building enforcement notice; or

(c) a notice under section 103 of this Act,

the appellant or the local planning authority or any person (other than the appellant) on whom the notice was served may, according as rules of court may provide, either appeal to the High Court against the decision on a point of law or require the Secretary of State to state and sign a case for the opinion of the High Court.

(2) At any stage of the proceedings on any such appeal as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the Secretary of State may state any question of law arising in the course of the proceedings in the form of a special case for the decision of the High Court; and a decision of the High Court on a case stated by virtue of this subsection shall be deemed to be a judgment of the court within the meaning of section 27 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 (jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear and determine appeals from any judgment of the High Court).

(3) In relation to any proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Appeal brought by virtue of this section the power to make rules of court shall include power to make rules—

(a) prescribing the powers of the High Court or the Court of

Appeal with respect to the remitting of the matter with the opinion or direction of the court for re-hearing and determination by the Secretary of State; and

(b) providing for the Secretary of State, either generally or in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules, to be treated as a party to any such proceedings and to be entitled to appear and to be heard accordingly.

(4) Rules of court relating to any such proceedings as are mentioned in subsection (3) of this section may provide for excluding so much of section 63(1) of the said Act of 1925 as requires appeals to the High Court to be heard and determined by a Divisional Court; but no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought by virtue of this section except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal.

(5) In this section "decision" includes a direction or order, and references to the giving of a decision shall be construed accordingly.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1943

247.—(1) If, in the case of any decision to which this section applies, the person who made the application to which the deci-sion relates, or the local planning authority, is dissatisfied with the decision in point of law, that person or the local planning authority (as the case may be) may, according as rules of court may provide, either appeal against the decision to the High Court or require the Secretary of State to state and sign a case for the opinion of the High Court.

(2) This section applies to any decision of the Secretary of State—

(a) on an application under section 53 of this Act which is referred to the Secretary of State under the provisions of section 35 of this Act as applied by that section; or

(b) on an appeal from a decision of the local planning authority under section 53 of this Act, being an appeal brought under the provisions of section 36 of this Act as so applied.

(3) Where an application under section 53 of this Act is made as part of an application for planning permission, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that application in so far as it is an application under the said section 53, but not in so far as it is an application for planning permission.

(4) In relation to proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Appeal brought by virtue of this section, the power to make rules of court shall include power to make rules prescribing the powers of the High Court or the Court of Appeal with respect tote) the giving of any decision which might have been given

by the Secretary of State;

(b) the remitting of the matter, with the opinion or direction of the court, for re-hearing and determination by the Secretary of State;

(c) the giving of directions to the Secretary of State.

(5) Rules of court relating to such proceedings as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section may provide for excluding so much of section 63(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 as requires appeals to the High Court to be heard and determined by a Divisional Court; but no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought by virtue of this section except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal.

(6) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, the power to make rules of court in relation to proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Appeal brought by virtue

Pt. Ill H 2

Part XII

Appeals to High Court against decisions under s. 53.

1925 c. 49.

1944

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XII

Special provisions as to decisions relating to statutory undertakers.

Special Provisions as to orders subject to special

parliamentary

procedure.

1945 c. 18 (9 & 10 Geo. 6).

of this section shall include power to make rules providing for the Secretary of State, either generally or in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the rules, to be treated as a party to any such proceedings and to be entitled to appear and to be heard accordingly.

248. In relation to any action which—

(a) apart from the provisions of Part XI of this Act, would fall to be taken by the Secretary of State, and, if so taken, would be action falling within section 242(3) of this Act; but

(b) by virtue of Part XI of this Act, is required to be taken

by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister,

the provisions of sections 242 and 245 of this Act shall have effect (subject to section 249 of this Act) as if any reference in those provisions to the Secretary of State were a reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

249.—(1) Where an order under section 209, 211, 212 or 235 of this Act is subject to special parliamentary procedure, then—

(a) if the order is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section 6 of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945, the provisions of sections 242 and 244 of this Act shall not apply to the order;

( b)in any other case, section 244 of this Act shall have effect in relation to the order as if, in subsection (1) of that section, for the reference to the date therein mentioned there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under section 6 of the said Act of 1945.

(2) Where by virtue of Part XI of this Act any such action as is mentioned in section 248 of this Act is required to be embodied in an order, and that order is subject to special parliamentary procedure, then—

(a) if the order in which the action is embodied is con-

firmed by Act of Parliament under section 6 of the said Act of 1945, the provisions of sections 242 and 245 of this Act shall not apply;

(b) in any other case, the provisions of section 245 of this

Act shall apply with the substitution, for any reference to the date on which the action is taken, of a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under section 6 of the said Act of 1945.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1945

Part XIII Financial Provisions Grants for development etc.

250.—(1) The Secretary of State may with the consent of Grants for the Treasury and after consultation with such associations of development local authorities as appear to the Secretary of State to be con- etc* cemed and with any local authority with whom consultation appears to him to be desirable, make regulations providing for the payment to local authorities for any year of grants of such amounts, and payable over such periods and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the regulations in respect of expenditure incurred by those authorities (whether before or after the passing of this Act) in or in connection with the acquisition of land approved for the purposes of the regulations, being land required for or in connection with—

(a) the development or redevelopment as a whole of any

area (whether or not defined in a development plan as an area of comprehensive development); or

(b) the relocation of population or industry, or the replace-

ment of open space, in the course or in consequence of such development or redevelopment,

or in respect of expenditure so incurred in or in connection with the clearing or preliminary development of such land.

(2) For the purposes of regulations under this section land appropriated by a local authority (whether before or after the passing of this Act) for use for purposes described in subsection (1) of this section may be treated as acquired by that authority for those purposes at a cost of such amount, and defrayed in such manner, as may be determined by or under the regulations.

(3) Provision may be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for the inclusion, in the expenditure incurred by local

authorities in the acquisition of land approved for the purposes of the regulations, of any sums or part of sums paid by those authorities in connection with any restriction imposed on the development or use of the land by or under any enactment (whether by way of compensation or by way of contribution towards damage or expense incurred in consequence of the restriction);

(b) for the calculation of grants payable under the regu-

lations by reference to the amount of the annual costs

Pt. hi h 3

1946

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part xm

Maximum amount of grants under s. 250.

c. 78

incurred or treated as being incurred by local authorities in respect of the borrowing of money to defray the expenditure in respect of which the grants are made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over receipts of those authorities which are attributable to such expenditure, or over the annual value of such receipts, or by reference to such other considerations as may be prescribed by the regulations;

(c) for the payment of capital sums in substitution for any periodical grants payable under the regulations in respect of such annual costs;

and for the purposes of this section " clearing" and "preliminary development" means the carrying out of such works as may be prescribed by or determined under the regulations.

(4) In this section " year " means a period of twelve months beginning with the first day of April.

251.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the amount of any grant paid to a local authority in accordance with regulations made under section 250 of this Act—

(a) where that amount is calculated by reference to annual

costs incurred or treated as incurred by the authority in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure in respect of which the grant is made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over the receipts, or the annual value of receipts, mentioned in subsection (3 )(b)of that section, shall not exceed an amount equal to fifty per cent, of those costs, or of that excess, as the case may be;

(b) in any other case, shall not exceed an amount equal to

fifty per cent, of the amount of the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made.

(2) In respect of land of any of the following descriptions., that is to say—

(< a)land comprised in a compulsory purchase order made by

a local authority under the Act of 1944 or the Act of 1947, and confirmed before 26th February 1954, being land acquired for war-damage redevelopment;

(b) land acquired by agreement for war-damage redevelop-

ment with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government given before that date;

(c) land appropriated by a local authority for war-damage

redevelopment before that date ; and

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1947

(d) land acquired or appropriated for war-damage Part XIII redevelopment (whether before or after that date), being land contiguous or adjacent to land falling within any of the preceding paragraphs,

subsection (l)(a) of this section shall apply (subject to subsection

(3) of this section) as if for the words " fifty per cent." there were substituted the words " ninety per cent.".

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall not authorise the payment. in the case of any land, of a grant at a higher rate in respect of a year or part of a year which, together with the preceding years or parts of years in respect of which grants at a higher rate have been paid in the case of that land, would extend beyond a total period of eight years.

(4) In this section "war-damage redevelopment" means the redevelopment as a whole of an area of extensive war damage, and includes the relocation of population or industry, or the replacement of open space, in the course of such redevelopment.

(5) In this section references to a grant at a higher rate are references to a grant of an amount which—

(a) was or would have been authorised by section 93 of

the Act of 1947 as that section had effect or would have

had effect apart from section 50 of the Act of 1954

and the Local Government Act 1958 and this Act;1958 c* 55.

but

(b) otherwise than by virtue of the provisions of the Act

of 1954 corresponding to subsections (2) and (3) of this section, was not or would not have been authorised by the provisions substituted by the Act of 1954 for the said section 93.

252.—(1) Any approval of the Secretary of State required for Supplementary the purposes of the payment of grant under section 250 of this provisions Act in connection with the acquisition of land may be given subject to compliance with requirements imposed by the Secretary of State for securing that any negotiations for the acquisition of the land by the local authority will be carried out by the Valuation Office, and that any valuation of the land for the purposes of the acquisition, or for any purposes of the regulations, will be made by that office.

(2) Subject to subsection (1) of this section, any regulations made for the purposes of section 250 of this Act may make provision whereby the payment of grants in pursuance of the regulations is dependent upon the fulfilment of such conditions

Pt. Ill H 4

1948

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XIII

Grants for research and education.

Contributions by Ministers towards compensation paid by local authorities.

Contributions by local authorities and statutory undertakers.

1959 c. 25.

as may be determined by or in accordance with the regulations, and may also make provision for requiring local authorities to whom grants have been so paid to comply with such requirements as may be so determined.

Grants for research and education

253. The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, make grants for assisting establishments engaged in promoting or assisting research relating to, and education with respect to, the planning and design of the physical environment.

Contributions to certain expenditure

254. Where compensation is payable by a local authority under this Act in consequence of any decision or order given or made under—

(a) Part III or Part IV of this Act;

(b) sections 87 to 100 of this Act;

(c) the provisions of Part IX of this Act relating to pur-

chase notices;

(d) Schedule 9 to this Act,

then if that decision or order was given or made wholly or partly in the interest of a service which is provided by a government department and the cost of which is defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, the Minister responsible for the administration of that service may pay to that authority a contribution of such amount as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

255.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 238(1) and (3) of the Highways Act 1959 (contributions by certain local authorities towards expenses incurred in connection with highways), any local authority may contribute towards any expenses incurred by a local highway authority in the acquisition of land under Part VI of this Act, or in the construction or improvement of roads on land so acquired, or in connection with any development required in the interests of the proper planning of the area of the local authority.

(2) Any local authority and any statutory undertakers may contribute towards—

(a) any expenses incurred by a local planning authority in or in connection with the carrying out of a survey or the preparation of a structure plan or local plan under Part II of this Act;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1949

(b) any expenses incurred by a local planning authority. Part XIII or by the council of a county district, in or in connection with the performance of any of their functions under Part III (except section 28), Part IV, Part V (except sections 101 and 103) or Part VI (except section 126) of this Act, under the provisions of Part IX of this Act relating to purchase notices and listed building purchase notices or under Schedule 11 to this Act.

(3) Where any expenses are incurred by a local authority in the payment of compensation payable in consequence of anything done under—

(a) Part III or Part IV of this Act;

(b) sections 87 to 100 of this Act;

(c) the provisions of Part IX of this Act relating to purchase

notices and listed building purchase notices;

the Secretary of State may, if it appears to him to be expedient to do so, require any other local authority to contribute towards those expenses such sum as appears to him to be reasonable, having regard to any benefit accruing to that authority by reason of the proceeding giving rise to the compensation.

(4) The provisions of subsection (3) of this section shall apply in relation to payments made by a local authority to any statutory undertakers in accordance with financial arrangements to which effect is given under section 233(5)(c) of this Act, as they apply in relation to compensation payable by such an authority in consequence of anything done under Part III or Part IV of this Act, and the reference in subsection (3) of this section to the proceeding giving rise to the compensation shall be construed accordingly.

(5) For the purposes of this section, contributions made by a local planning authority towards the expenditure of a joint advisory committee shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by that authority for the purposes for which that expenditure is incurred by the committee. 256

256. The council of a county, county borough, London Assistance borough or county district or the Greater London Council may, for acquisition subject to such conditions as may be approved by the Secretary of property of State, advance money to any person for the purposes ofo£ection enabling him to acquire a hereditament or agricultural unit in made to respect of which a counter-notice has been served under section blight notice 194 of this Act specifying the grounds mentioned in sub- io certain section (2)(d) of that section as, or as one of, the grounds of048®8* objection if, in the case of a hereditament, its annual value does not exceed such amount as may be prescribed for the purposes of section 192(4) (a) of this Act.

1950

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part Xin Recovery of compensation etc.

Recovery from 257.—(1) Where an interest in land is compulsorily acquired, acquiring or js sold to an authority possessing compulsory purchase 8ums°pai<?by Powers» and any of the land comprised in the acquisition or sale way of is land in respect of which a notice to which this section applies

compensation, is registered (whether before or after the completion of the acquisition or sale) in respect of a planning decision or order made before the service of the notice to treat, or the making of the contract, in pursuance of which the acquisition or sale is effected, the Secretary of State shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be entitled to recover from the acquiring authority a sum equal to so much of the amount of the compensation specified in the notice as (in accordance with section 158(6) of this Act) is to be treated as attributable to that land.

• (2) This section applies to notices registered under subsection

(5) of section 158 of this Act and to notices registered under the provisions of that subsection as applied by section 166(5) of this Act.

(3) If. immediately after the completion of the acquisition or sale, there is outstanding some interest in the land comprised therein to which a person other than the acquiring authority is entitled, the sum referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall not accrue due until that interest either ceases to exist or becomes vested in the acquiring authority.

(4) No sum shall be recoverable under this section in the case of a compulsory acquisition or sale where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the interest in question is being acquired for the purposes of the use of the land as a public open space.

(5) Where by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section the Secretary of State recovers a sum in respect of any land, by reason that it is land in respect of which a notice is registered under die provisions of section 158(5) of this Act as applied by section 166 of this Act, section 168(2) and (3) of this Act shall have effect in relation to that sum as if it were a sum recovered as mentioned in section 168(2) of this Act.

(6) In this section and in section 258 of this Act " interest " (where the reference is to an interest in land) means die fee simple or a tenancy of the land, and does not include any other interest therein.

Recovery from 258.—(1) Where an interest in land is compulsorily acquired

by, or sold to, an authority possessing compulsory purchase

8ums°paidS °* Powers» and a Payment exceeding £20 has become or becomes

in respect of payable under section 59 of the Act of 1947 in respect of that

war-damaged interest, the Secretary of State shall, subject to the following land.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1951

provisions of this section, be entitled to recover the amount of PartXIII the payment from the acquiring authority.

(2) If, before 18th November 1952, operations were begun in, on, over or under the land, or a use of the land was instituted, being operations or a use—

(a) in respect of which a development charge has at any

time been determined to be payable, or it has at any time been determined that no development charge was payable; or

(b) comprised in a scheme of development exempt from development charge,

subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to so much of any payment referred to in that subsection as was attributable to any land in relation to which the determination was made or, as the case may be, which is included in that scheme of development.

(3) No amount shall be recoverable under this section in respect of any land in relation to which an amount has become recoverable by the Secretary of State under the provisions of section 159 of this Act as applied by section 279 of this Act.

(4) If the acquisition or sale in question does not extend to the whole of the land to which the payment under the said section 59 related, the amount recoverable under this section shall be so much of that payment as, in accordance with subsection (5) of this section, is to be treated as apportioned to the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsists.

(5) For the purposes of this section a payment under section 59 of the Act of 1947 shall be treated as apportioned, as between different parts of the land to which it related, in the way in which it might reasonably be expected to have been so apportioned if, under the scheme made under that section, the authority determining the amount of the payment had been required (in accordance with the same principles as applied to the determination of that amount) to apportion it between different parts of that land.

(6) In this section references to a scheme of development exempt from development charge are references to a scheme of development such that, if the operations and uses of land comprised in the scheme had all been begun or instituted before 18th November 1952, all those operations and uses would have been exempt from the provisions of Part VII of the Act of 1947 by virtue of regulations made thereunder; and references to the amount of a payment shall be construed as including any interest payable on the principal amount of the payment.

1952

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XIII

Sums recoverable from acquiring authorities reckonable for purposes of grant.

Expenses of government departments.

259. Where a sum is recoverable from an authority under section 257 or 258 of this Act by reference to an acquisition or purchase of an interest in land, and in respect thereof, or of a subsequent appropriation of the land, a grant became or becomes payable to that or some other authority under an enactment, the power conferred by that enactment to pay the grant shall include, and shall be deemed always to have included, power to pay a grant in respect of that sum as if it had been expenditure incurred by the acquiring authority in connection with the acquisition or purchase.

Expenses and receipts of Ministers

260.—(1) The following expenses of the Secretary of State shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, that is to say—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under

subsection (2) of section 50 of this Act or under that subsection as applied by subsection (7) of section 63 of this Act, or in the payment of expenses of any committee established under the said section 63 ;

(б) any sums necessary to enable the Secretary of State to

make any payments becoming payable by him under Part VII or Part VIII of this Act;

(c) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under Part X of this Act;

(d) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in the making of grants in accordance with regulations made under section 250 of this Act or grants under section 253 of this Act;

(e) subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of section 261 of this Act, any instalment payable by the Secretary of State under subsections (2) and (3) of that section;

(f) any administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this Act. 2 * * * (б)

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenses incurred by any government department (including the Secretary of State)—

(a) in the acquisition of land under Part VI of this Act;

(b) in the payment of compensation under section 118(4),

237(2) or 281 of this Act;

(c) under section 128(5X6) of this Act; or Id)under section 254 of this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78 1953

261.—(1) The Secretary of State shall pay out of moneys PartXUI provided by Parliament any payments falling to be made by payments him on or after 1st April 1968 under— under s. 59

(a) section 59 of the Act of 1947 (war-damaged land); orj947

(b) any provision of Part I or Part V of the Act of 1954. and V of Act

of 1954.

(2) The aggregate of the sums issued to the Minister of Housing and Local Government or the Central Land Board out of the Consolidated Fund' in any financial year ending before the said 1st April under section 64(1) of the Act of 1954 (sums required for making payments under Part I or Part V of the Act of 1954) shall be repaid by the Secretary of State into the National Loans Fund, as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may determine, such interest accruing, in respect of the whole aggregate, from such date in the financial year in which the sums were issued as the Treasury may determine.

(3) The said aggregate shall be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, of principal and interest combined, falling due on the anniversary of the date determined under subsection (2) of this section, the first such instalment falling due in the financial year next following the financial year in which the sums in question were issued.

(4) Any sums received by the Secretary of State by virtue of—

(a) the provisions of section 159 of this Act, as applied by Schedule 24 to this Act to compensation paid under Part V of the Act of 1954; or

(b) the provisions of section 257 of this Act as so applied shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.

262. Without prejudice to section 261 of this Act, and sub- General ject to the provisions of section 168 of this Act, any sums provision as received by the Secretary of State under any provision of this f

Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund. state

Expenses of county councils and Greater London Council

263.—(1) The council of a county may direct that any Expenses of expenses incurred by them under the provisions of this Act county councils specified in Parts I and II of Schedule 21 to this Act shall ^don6^ be treated as expenses for special county purposes chargeable Council upon such part of the county as may be specified in the directions.

1954

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XIII

Power to modify Act in relation to minerals.

c. 78

(2) The Greater London Council may direct that any expenses incurred by them under—

(a) Part II of this Act;

(b) Schedule 3 to this Act;

(c) Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act;

(d) any of the provisions of this Act specified in Part I of Schedule 21 to this Act;

(e) any other provision of this Act conferring functions on local authorities,

shall be treated as expenses for special London purposes chargeable upon such part of Greater London as may be specified in the directions.

Part XIV Application of Act to Special Cases Minerals

264.—(1) In relation to development consisting of the winning and working of minerals, the provisions of this Act specified in Parts I and II of Schedule 21 to this Act shall have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) In relation to interests in land consisting of or comprising minerals (being either the fee simple or tenancies of such land) and in relation to claims established (as mentioned in section 135(2) of this Act) wholly or partly in respect of such land, the provisions of this Act specified in Part III of Schedule 21 to this Act shall have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act with the consent of the Treasury.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of this section shall be of no effect unless they are approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) Any regulations made by virtue of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply—

(a) to the winning and working, on land held or occupied with land used for the purposes of agriculture, of any minerals reasonably required for the purposes of that use, including the fertilisation of the land so used and the maintenance, improvement or alteration of buildings or works thereon which are occupied or used for those purposes; or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78 1955

(b) to development consisting of the winning and working of any minerals vested in the National Coal Board, being development to which any of the provisions of this Act relating to operational land of statutory undertakers apply by virtue of regulations made under section 273 of this Act;

and nothing in subsection (1) of this section or in this subsection shall be construed as affecting the prerogative right of Her Majesty (whether in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster) or of the Duke of Cornwall to any gold or silver mine.

265.—(1) Where a development plan provides that any land is to be used for the purpose of securing the winning and working of any minerals comprised therein, the provisions of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1966 shall have effect in relation to the land subject to such modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act by the Secretary of State for the Environment and the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry.

(2) Regulations made for the purposes of this section may in particular provide for securing—

(a) that a right to work any minerals in the land may be granted by the High Court under the said Act of 1966 to any person who is desirous of working them, either by himself or through his lessees, and who is unable to obtain the necessary rights by agreement on reasonable terms;

(b) that for the purposes of the determination by the court of an application for any such right, it shall be assumed that the winning and working of the minerals is expedient in the national interest; and

(c) that the compensation or consideration in respect of any such right which is granted by the court shall be assessed having regard to the amount of the compensation which would be payable in respect of a compulsory acquisition of the minerals under Part VI of this Act.

(3) Subsections (3) and (4) of section 264 of this Act shall apply to the provisions of this section and to any regulations made thereunder as they apply to the provisions of subsection (1) of that section and to regulations made by virtue of that subsection.

Part XIV

Modification of Mines (Working Facilities and Support)

Act 1966.

1966 c. 4.

1956

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XIV

Exercise of powers in relation to Crown land.

Crown land

266.—(1) Notwithstanding any interest of the Crown in Crown land, but subject to the following provisions of this section—

(a) a plan approved, adopted or made under Part II of

this Act or the Greater London development plan may include proposals relating to the use of Crown land, and any power to acquire land compulsorily under Part VI of this Act may be exercised in relation to any interest therein which is for the time being held otherwise than by or on behalf of the Crown;

(b) any restrictions or powers imposed or conferred by Part

III, Part IV or Part V of this Act, by the provisions of Part IX of this Act relating to purchase notices and listed building purchase notices, or by any of the provisions of sections 225 to 228 of this Act, shall apply and be exercisable in relation to Crown land, to the extent of any interest therein for the time being held otherwise than by or on behalf of the Crown;

(c) a building which for the time being is Crown land may

be included in a list compiled or approved by the Secretary of State under section 54 of this Act.

(2) Except with the consent of the appropriate authority—

(a) no order or notice shall be made or served under any

of the provisions of sections 51, 60, 65, 87 or 96 of this Act or under any of those provisions as applied by any order or regulations made under Part IV of this Act, in relation to land which for the time being is Crown land;

(b) no interest in land which for the time being is Crown

land shall be acquired compulsorily under Part VI of this Act.

(3) No enforcement notice shall be served under section 87 of this Act in respect of development carried out by or on behalf of the Crown after the appointed day on land which was Crown land at the time when the development was carried out.

(4) No listed building enforcement notice shall be served in respect of works executed by or on behalf of the Crown in respect of a building which was Crown land at the time when the works were executed.

(5) No purchase notice or listed building purchase notice shall be served in relation to any interest in Crown land unless an offer has been previously made by the owner of that interest to dispose of it to the appropriate authority on terms that the price payable for it shall be equal to (and shall, in default of agreement, be determined in like manner as) the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1957

compensation which would be payable in respect of that interest Part XIV if it were acquired in pursuance of a purchase notice, and that offer has been refused by the appropriate authority.

(6) The rights conferred by the provisions of sections 192 to 207 of this Act shall be exercisable by a person who (within the meaning of those provisions) is an owner-occupier of a hereditament or agricultural unit which is Crown land, or is a resident owner-occupier of a hereditament which is Crown land, in the same way as they are exercisable in respect of a hereditament or agricultural unit which is not Crown land, and those provisions shall apply accordingly.

(7) In this Part of this Act "Crown land" means land in which there is a Crown interest or a Duchy interest; " Crown interest" means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, or belonging to a government department, or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department; " Duchy interest " means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall; and for the purposes of this section and section 267 of this Act " the appropriate authority ", in relation to any land—

(a) in the case of land belonging to Her Majesty in right

of the Crown and forming part of the Crown Estate, means the Crown Estate Commissioners, and, in relation to any other land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, means the government department having the management of that land;

(b) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right

of the Duchy of Lancaster, means the Chancellor of the Duchy;

(c) in relation to land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall,

means such person as the Duke of Cornwall, or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, appoints;

id) in the case of land belonging to a government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, means that department;

and, if any question arises as to what authority is the appropriate authority in relation to any land, that question shall be referred to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final.

267.—(1) The appropriate authority and the local planning Agreements authority for the area in which any Crown land is situated may relating to make agreements for securing the use of the land, so far as may an . be prescribed by any such agreement, in conformity with the

1958

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XIV provisions of the development plan applicable thereto; and any such agreement may contain such consequential provisions, including provisions of a financial character, as may appear to be necessary or expedient having regard to the purposes of the agreement.

(2) An agreement made under this section by a government department shall not have effect unless it is approved by the Treasury.

(3) In considering whether to make or approve an agreement under this section relating to land belonging to a government department, or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, the department and the Treasury shall have regard to the purposes for which the land is held by or for the department

Supplementary provisions as to Crown and Duchy interests.

(6) where there is a Duchy interest in any land, those provisions shall have effect in relation to that interest and to any private interest, as if the Duchy interest were a private interest.

(2) References in this Act to claims established under Part VI of the Act of 1947 include references to claims so established in accordance with arrangements made under section 88(2) of that Act (which provided for the application of Part VI of that Act to Duchy interests and for the payment of sums in lieu of development charges in respect of such interests); references to development charges include references to sums determined in accordance with such arrangements to be appropriate in substitution for development charges; and references to the amount of an established claim or of a development charge shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Where, in accordance with an agreement under section 267 of this Act, the approval of a local planning authority is required in respect of any development of land in which there is a Duchy interest, the provisions of this Act referred to in subsection (l)(a) of this section shall have effect in relation

268.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section—

(a) where there is a Crown interest in any land, the provisions of Part VII of this Act and of sections 166 to 168 thereof, and the provisions of Schedules 15, 16 and 17 to this Act and the provisions of Schedule 24 to this Act in so far as they relate to Part VII or to sections 166 to 168 of this Act, shall have effect in relation to any private interest or Duchy interest as if the Crown interest were a private interest; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1959

to the withholding of that approval, or the giving thereof sub- Part XIV ject to conditions, as if it were a refusal of planning permission, or a grant of planning permission subject to conditions, as the case may be.

(4) In this section " private interest " means an interest which is neither a Crown interest nor a Duchy interest.

Isles of Scilly

269.—(1) The Secretary of State shall, after consultation with Application the Council of the Isles of Scilly, by order provide for the applica- of Act to tion to those Isles of the provisions of this Act specified inIsIes of S^y-Parts I and II of Schedule 21 to this Act as if those Isles were a separate county.

(2) In relation to land in the Isles of Scilly, the provisions of this Act specified in Part III of the said Schedule shall have effect as if those Isles were a county district and the Council of the Isles were the council of that district.

(3) The Secretary of State, may, after consultation with the Council of the Isles of Scilly, by order provide for the application to those Isles of the provisions of this Act specified in Part IV of the said Schedule as if those Isles were a separate county or county district.

(4) Any order under subsection (1) or (3) of this section may provide for the application of the provisions there mentioned to the Isles subject to such modifications as may be specified in the order.

Local planning authorities

270.—(1) In relation to land of local planning authorities. Application and to the development by local authorities of land in respect of to local which they are die local planning authorities, the provisions of this Act specified in Part V of Schedule 21 to this Act shall have provisjons effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be as to planning prescribed by regulations made under this Act. control and

enforcement.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section 40 of this Act, any such regulations may in particular provide for securing—

(a)that any application by such an authority for planning permission to develop such land, or for any cither consent required in relation to such land under the said provisions, shall be made to the Secretary of State and not to the local planning authority;

1960

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XIV

Application to local

planning authorities of provisions as to listed buildings.

Special provisions as to statutory undertakers who are local planning authorities.

National Coal Board.

(b) that any order or notice authorised to be made or served under those provisions in relation to such land shall be made or served by the Secretary of State and not by the local planning authority.

(3) Sections 26. 27 and 29(2) and (3) of this Act shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation to applications made to the Secretary of State in pursuance of regulations made for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, as they apply in relation to applications for planning permission which fall to be determined by the local planning authority.

271. —(1) In relation to buildings of local planning authorities which are listed, and to the execution of works for their demolition, alteration or extension, the provisions of this Act specified in Part VI of Schedule 21 to this Act shall have effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act.

(2) Any such regulations may in particular provide for securing—

(a) that any application by such an authority for listed

building consent shall be made to the Secretary of State and not to the local planning authority;

(b) that any notice authorised to be served under the said

provisions in relation to a listed building belonging to a local planning authority shall be served by the Secretary of State and not by that authority.

272. In relation to statutory undertakers who are local planning authorities, section 241 of this Act and the provisions specified in subsection (2) of that section shall have effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act.

Other special cases

273.—(1) Regulations made under this Act by the Secretary of State for the Environment and the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry with the consent of the Treasury may direct that any of the provisions of this Act specified in Part I of Schedule 21 to this Act or of section 223 of this Act, being provisions relating to statutory undertakers and to land of such undertakers, shall apply, subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as may be specified in the regulations, in relation to the National Coal Board, and in relation to land (including mines) of that Board of any such class as may be specified in the regulations, as if the Board were statutory undertakers and as if land of any class so specified were operational land.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1961

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, any regulations made thereunder may in particular provide that any compensation payable to the National Coal Board by virtue of any of the provisions applied by the regulations, being compensation which, in the case of statutory undertakers, would be assessable in accordance with the provisions of section 238 of this Act, shall, instead of being assessed in accordance with that section, be assessed in accordance with the provisions of the regulations.

274.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 with respect to notices served under that Act, where under any of the provisions of this Act a notice is required to be served on an owner of land, and the land is ecclesiastical property, a like notice shall be served on the Church Commissioners.

(2) Where the fee simple of any ecclesiastical property is in abeyance—

(a) if the property is situated elsewhere than in Wales, then

for the purposes of the provisions of this Act specified in Part VII of Schedule 21 to this Act the fee simple shall be treated as being vested in the Church Commissioners ;

(b) in any case, the fee simple shall, for the purposes of a

compulsory acquisition of the property under Part VI of this Act, be treated as being vested in the Church Commissioners, and any notice to treat shall be served, or be deemed to have been served, accordingly.

(3) Any compensation payable under Part VIII (except sections 171, 172 and 175) or section 212 of this Act in respect of land which is ecclesiastical property shall be paid to the Church Commissioners, to be applied for the purposes for which the proceeds of a sale by agreement of the land would be applicable under any enactment or Measure authorising, or disposing of the proceeds of, such a sale.

(4) Any sum which under any of the provisions of this Act specified in Part III of Schedule 21 to this Act is payable in relation to land which is, or on the appointed day was, ecclesiastical property, acid apart from this subsection would be payable to an incumbent, shall be paid to the Church Commissioners, to be applied for the purposes mentioned in subsection (3) of this section; and where any sum is recoverable under section 159, 168 or 279 of this Act in respect of any such land.

Part XIV

Ecclesiastical

property.

1946 c. 49.

1962

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XIV

Settled land, and land of universities and colleges.

1925 c. 18. 1925 c. 20.

1925 c. 24.

Default powers of Secretary of State.

the Church Commissioners may apply any money or securities held by them in the payment of that sum.

(5) In this section "ecclesiastical property" means land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, or being or forming part of a church subject to the jurisdiction of a bishop of any diocese or the site of such a church, or being or forming part of a burial ground subject to such jurisdiction.

275.—(I) The purposes authorised for the application of capital moneys—

(a) by section 73 of the Settled Land Act 1925 and by that

section as applied by section 28 of the Law of Property

Act 1925 in relation to trusts for sale; and

(b) by section 26 of the Universities and College Estates

Act 1925,

and the purposes authorised by section 71 of the Settled Land Act 1925, by that section as so applied, and by section 30 of the Universities and College Estates Act 1925 as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage, shall include the payment of any sum recoverable under section 159, 168 or 279 of this Act.

(2) The classes of works specified in Part II of Schedule 3 to the Settled Land Act 1925 (which specifies improvements which may be paid for out of capital money, subject to provisions under which repayment out of income may be required to be made) shall include works specified by the Secretary of State as being required for properly maintaining a listed building which is settled land within the meaning of that Act.

Part XV

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

276.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local planning authority, to be expedient that any order to which this subsection applies should be made, he may give directions to the local planning authority requiring them to submit to him such an order for his confirmation, or may himself make such an order; and any order so made by the Secretary of State shall have the like effect as if it had been made by the local planning authority and confirmed by the Secretary of State under Part III or IV of this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1963

(2) Subsection (1) of this section applies to the following orders, that is to say—

(a) orders under section 45 of this Act, or under the provisions of that section as applied by any order or regulations made under Part IV of this Act;

(b) orders under section 51 of this Act;

(c) tree preservation orders and orders amending or revoking them.

(3) The provisions of Part III or Part IV of this Act, and of any regulations made thereunder, with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with the submission by the local planning authority of any order to which subsection

(1) of this section applies, with respect to the confirmation of such an order by the Secretary of State, and with respect to the service of copies thereof as so confirmed, shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to any proposal by the Secretary of State to make such an order by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, in relation to the making thereof by the Secretary of State, and in relation to the service of copies thereof as so made.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of this section, where the Secretary of State proposes under subsection (1) of this section to make any such order as is mentioned in subsection

(2) (a) or (b) of this section he shall serve a notice of the proposal on the local planning authority; and if within such period as may be specified in die notice (not being less than twenty-eight days from the date of service) the authority so require, the Secretary of State before making the order shall afford to the authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by him for the purpose.

(5) If it appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local planning authority, to be expedient that—

{a) a completion notice under section 44 of this Act; or

(b) a notice under section 65 of this Act; or

(c) an enforcement notice under section 87 of this Act, or

under the provisions of that section as applied by regulations under section 63 of this Act; or

(( d)a stop notice under section 90 of this Act; or

(e) a listed building enforcement notice,

should be served in respect of any land, he may give directions to the local planning authority requiring them to serve such a notice, or may himself serve such a notice; and any notice so served by the Secretary of State shall have the like effect as a notice served by the local planning authority:

Part XV

1964

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XV

Designation of conservation areas.

Provided that, in relation to an enforcement notice under section 87 of this Act or a listed building enforcement notice which is served by the Secretary of State, the provisions of sections 89 and 91 to 93, or, as the case may be, of sections 98 and 99 of this Act shall apply as if for any reference therein to the local planning authority there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

(6) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, after holding a local inquiry—

(a) that the council of a county, county borough, London

borough or county district have failed to take steps for the acquisition of any land which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, ought to be acquired by that council under section 112 of this Act for a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated; or

(b) that a local authority have failed to carry out, on land

acquired by them under section 68 of the Act of 1962 or section 112 of this Act or appropriated by them under section 121 of this Act, any development which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, ought to be carried out,

the Secretary of State may by order require the council or authority to take such steps as may be specified in the order for acquiring the land, or carrying out the development, as the case may be.

(7) Any order under subsection (6) of this section shall be enforceable, on the application of the Secretary of State, by mandamus.

277.—(1) Every local planning authority shall from time to time determine which parts of their area are areas of special architectural or historic interest the character or appearance of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance, and shall designate such areas as conservation areas.

(2) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with a local planning authority, give to that authority such directions as he thinks necessary with respect to the exercise of their functions under subsection (1) of this section; and it shall be the duty of the authority to comply with any such directions.

(3) Before making a determination under this section, a local planning authority in Greater London shall consult with the other local planning authority or authorities for the area to which the proposed determination relates, and a local planning authority outside Greater London shall consult with the council

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1965

of each county district of which any part is included in that Part XV area.

(4) The local planning authority shall give notice to the Secretary of State of the designation of any conservation area, and of any variation or cancellation of any such designation, with sufficient particulars to identify the area affected, and shall cause the like notice to be published in the London Gazette and in at least one newspaper circulating in the area of the local planning authority.

(5) Where any area is for the time being designated as a conservation area, special attention shall be paid to the desirability of preserving or enhancing its character or appearance in the exercise, with respect to any buildings or other land

in that area, of any powers under this Act, Part I of the Historic 1953 c- 49. Buildings and Ancient Monuments Act 1953 or the Local 1962 c. 36. Authorities (Historic Buildings) Act 1962.

(6) The local planning authority for the purpose of this section shall, in Greater London, be the Greater London Council and also, in relation to a London borough, the council of that borough.

278,—(1) In any case where the value or depreciation in Assumptions value of an interest in land falls to be determined on the assump-88 to planning tion that planning permission would be granted for develop- SSSiSSni11 ment of any class specified in Schedule 8 to this Act, it shall value of be further assumed, as regards development of any class specified interests in paragraph 1 or 3 of that Schedule, that such permission in land, would be granted subject to the condition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act.

(2) In the application of the said Schedule 8 for the purposes of any determination to which subsection (1) of this section applies—

(a) paragraph 3 of that Schedule shall be construed as

not extending to works involving any increase in the cubic content of a building erected after the appointed day (including any building resulting from the carrying out of such works as are described in paragraph 1 of that Schedule); and

(b) paragraph 7 of that Schedule shall not apply to any

such building.

(3) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of this section, so far as applicable to any determination of existing use value as defined in section 187(5) of this Act, references to Schedule 8 to this Act, and to paragraphs 1, 3 and 7 of that Schedule, shall be construed as references to Schedule 3 to the Act of 1947 and to the corresponding paragraphs of that Schedule; and that Schedule shall have effect as if it contained a paragraph corresponding to paragraph 13 of Schedule 8 to this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1966

Part XV

Recovery, on

subsequent

development,

of payments

in respect of

war-damaged

land.

Rights of entry.

c. 78

(4) Except as provided in section 168(4) of this Act, nothing in the preceding provisions of this section or in paragraph 13 of Schedule 8 affects the meaning of " new development " in this Act or any determination to be made for the purpose of Part VII of this Act

(5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that where, under any provision of this Act, the value of an interest in land is required to be assessed on the assumption that planning permission would be granted for development of any class specified in Schedule 8 to this Act that assumption is to be made on the footing that any such development must comply with the provisions of any enactment other than this Act, which would be applicable to it.

279. —(1) In relation to notices registered under section 57 of the Act of 1954 (which provided for the registration of notices of payments made under section 59 of the Act of 1947) the provisions of sections 159 and 160 of this Act shall have effect (subject to the following provisions of this section) as they have effect in relation to notices registered under section 158 of this Act

(2) The said provisions shall have effect as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, but as if—

(a) any reference therein to the compensation specified in

a notice were a reference to the payment so specified; and

(b) section 159 of this Act applied to every description of

new development.

(3) No amount shall be recoverable by the Secretary of State by virtue of this section in respect of any land in relation to which an amount has become recoverable under section 258 of this Act.

(4) Subsection (5) of section 258 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section.

280. —(1) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State or by a local planning authority may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying it in connection with—

(a) the preparation, approval, adoption, making or amend-

ment of a structure plan or local plan relating to the land under Part II of this Act, including the carrying out of any survey under that Part;

(b) any application under Part III or sections 60 or 63 of this Act, or under any order or regulations made thereunder, for any permission, consent or determination

Town and Country Planning Act

c.78

1967

to be given or made in connection with that land or any other land under Part III or either of those sections of this Act or under any such order or regulations;

(c) any proposal by the local planning authority or by the Secretary of State to make or serve any order or notice under Part III (other than section 44), Part IV or Part V of this Act, or under any order or regulations made thereunder or any notice under section 115 of this Act.

(2) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying any building thereon in connection with a proposal to include the building in, or exclude it from, a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act.

(3) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State or a local planning authority may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of ascertaining whether, with respect to any building on the land, an offence has been, or is being, committed under section 55 or 98 of, or Schedule 11 to, this Act, or whether the building is being maintained in a proper state of repair.

(4) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State or a local authority may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of ascertaining whether—

(a) an offence appears to have been committed under section

57 of this Act; or

(b) any of the functions conferred by section 101 or 103 of

this Act should or may be exercised in connection with the land,

or for the purpose of exercising any of those functions in connection with the land.

(5) Any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State, may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying it, or estimating its value, in connection with a claim for compensation under Part VII of this Act in respect of that land or any other land.

(6) Any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing by a local planning authority, may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying it, or estimating its value, in connection with a claim for compensation in respect of that land or any other land, being compensation payable by the local planning authority under Part VIII of this Act (other than section 175), under section 212(5) of this Act or under Part XI of this Act (other than section 237(2) or 238<l)(c)).

Part XV

1968

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XV (7) Any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing by a local authority or Minister authorised to acquire land under section 112 or 113 of this Act, and any person duly authorised in writing by a local authority having power to acquire land under Part VI of this Act, may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying it, or estimating its value, in connection with any proposal to acquire that land or any other land, or in connection with any claim for compensation in respect of any such acquisition.

(8) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State or by a local planning authority may at any reasonable time enter any land in respect of which an order or notice has been made or served as mentioned in subsection (l)(c) of this section, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the order or notice has been complied with.

(9) Subject to the provisions of section 281 of this Act, any power conferred by this section to survey land shall be construed as including power to search and bore for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the subsoil or the presence of minerals therein.

Supplementary 281.—(1) A person authorised under section 280 of this Act provisions to enter any land shall, if so required, produce evidence of his <rf entry* authority before so entering, and shall not demand admission

as of right to any land which is occupied unless twenty-four hours* notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(2) Any person who wilfully obstructs a person acting in the exercise of his powers under section 280 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

(3) If any person who, in compliance with the provisions of section 280 of this Act, is admitted into a factory, workshop* or workplace discloses to any person any information obtained by him therein as to any manufacturing process or trade secret, he shall, unless the disclosure is made in the course of performing his duty in connection with the purpose for which he was authorised to enter the premises, be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine, or both.

(4) Where any land is damaged in the exercise of a right of entry conferred under section 280 of this Act, or in the making of any survey for the purpose of which any such right of entry has been so conferred, compensation in respect of that damage may be recovered by any person interested in the land from the Secretary of State or authority on whose behalf the entry was effected.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1969

(5) The provisions of section 179 of this Act shall apply in relation to compensation under subsection (4) of this section as they apply in relation to compensation under Part VIII of this Act.

(6) Where under section 280 of this Act a person proposes to carry out any works authorised by virtue of subsection (9) of that section—

(a) he shall not carry out those works unless notice of his

intention to do so was included in the notice required by subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) if the land in question is held by statutory undertakers,

and those undertakers object to the proposed works on the grounds that the carrying out thereof would be seriously detrimental to the carrying on of their undertaking, the works shall not be carried out except with the authority of the appropriate Minister.

282. —(1) The Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to be held for the purposes of the exercise of any of his functions under any of the provisions of this Act.

(2) The provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (which relate to the giving of evidence at, and defraying the cost of, local inquiries) shall have effect with respect to any inquiry held by virtue of this section as if the Secretary of State were a department for the purposes of that section.

283. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any notice or other document required or authorised to be served or given under this Act may be served or given either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be

served or to whom it is to be given; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode

of that person, or, in a case where an address for service has been given by that person, at that address ; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter, or by the

recorded delivery service, addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or, in a case where an address for service has been given by that person, at that address; or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by

delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office, or sending it in a prepaid registered letter, or by the recorded delivery service, addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office.

(2) Where the notice or document is required or authorised to be served on any person as having an interest in premises.

Part XV

Local

inquiries.

1933 c. 51.

Service of notices.

1970

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XV and the name of that person cannot be ascertained after reasonable inquiry, or where the notice or document is required or authorised to be served on any person as an occupier of premises, the notice or document shall be taken to be duly served if—

(a) being addressed to him either by name or by the

description of " the owner " or " the occupier ", as the case may be, of the premises (describing them) it is delivered or sent in the manner specified in subsection (l)(fl), (b)or (c) of this section; or

(b) being so addressed, and marked in such manner as may

be prescribed by regulations under this Act for securing that it shall be plainly identifiable as a communication of importance, it is sent to the premises in a prepaid registered letter or by the recorded delivery service and is not returned to the authority sending it, or is delivered to some person on those premises, or is affixed conspicuously to some object on those premises.

(3) Where the notice or other document is required to be served on or given to all persons having interests in, or being occupiers of, premises comprised in any land, and it appears to the authority required or authorised to serve or give the notice or other document that any part of that land is unoccupied, the notice or document shall be taken to be duly served on all persons having interests in, and on any occupiers of, premises comprised in that part of the land (other than a person who has given to that authority an address for the service of the notice or document on him) if it is addressed to "the owners and any occupiers" of that part of the land (describing it) and is affixed conspicuously to some object on the land.

Power to require information as to interests in land.

284.—(1) For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of State or a local authority to make an order or serve any notice or other document which, by any of the provisions of this Act, he or they are authorised or required to make or serve, the Secretary of State or the local authority may require the occupier of any premises and any person who, either directly or indirectly, receives rent in respect of any premises to state in writing the nature of his interest therein, and the name and address of any other person known to him as having an interest therein, whether as a freeholder, mortgagee, lessee or otherwise.

(2) Any person who, having been required in pursuance of this section to give any information, fails to give that information shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) Any person who, having been so required to give any information, knowingly makes any misstatement in respect thereof shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1971

indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years Part XV or to a fine, or both.

285, —(1) Where an offence under this Act (other than section offences by 57 or paragraph 4 of Schedule 12) which has been committed by corporations, a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the

consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against accordingly.

(2) In subsection (1) of this section the expression " director ", in relation to any body corporate established by or under an enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership an industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body corporate.

286. —(1) Regulations made under this Act may provide for Combined the combination in a single document, made in such form and applications, transmitted to such authority as may be prescribed by the regulations, of—

(a) an application for planning permission in respect of any

development; and

(b) an application required, under any enactment specified

in die regulations, to be made to a local authority in respect of that development.

(2) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with such local authorities or associations of local authorities as appear to him to be concerned.

(3) Different provision may be made by any such regulations in relation to areas in which different enactments are in force.

(4) An application required to be made to a local authority under an enactment specified in any such regulations shall, if made in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, be valid notwithstanding anything in that enactment prescribing, or enabling any authority to prescribe, the form in which, or the manner in which, such an application is to be made.

(5) Subsection (4) of this section shall have effect without prejudice to—

(a) the validity of any application made in accordance with

the enactment in question; or

(b) any provision of that enactment enabling a local

authority to require further particulars of the matters to which the application relates.

(6) In this section " application " includes a submission.

1972

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XV

Regulations and orders.

287.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this Act—

(a) for prescribing the form of any notice, order or other

document authorised or required by any of the provisions of this Act to be served, made or issued by any local authority;

(b) for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or

required to be made under this Act, not being a purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made by another Minister.

(2) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act (except regulations which, by virtue of any provision of this Act, are of no effect unless approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) Any power conferred by any of the provisions of this Act to make an order shall include power to vary or revoke any such order by a subsequent order.

(4) The power to make orders under sections 1(2), 21, 22(2)(/), 24, 55(3), 69, 73(6), 74(4)(6), 75(8), 192(4)(a) and 269 of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(5) Any statutory instrument—

(a) which contains an order under subsection (2) of section

1 of this Act which has been made after a local inquiry has been held in accordance with the proviso to that subsection; or

(b) which contains a development order or an order under

section 69, 73(6), 75(8) or 192(4)(a) of this Act,

shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) Without prejudice to subsection (5) of this section, where a development order makes provision for excluding or modifying any enactment contained in a public general Act (other than any of the enactments specified in Schedule 22 to this Act) the order shall not have effect until that provision is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(7) Any order under this Act which designates an area for the purposes of section 74(4)(h) of this Act shall cease to have effect at the end of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which the order is made (but without prejudice to anything previously done under the order or to the making of a new order) unless before the end of that period the order is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1973

(8) In reckoning any period for the purposes of subsection Part XV

(7) of this section, no account shall be taken of any time during

which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(9) Any order under section 69, 73(6), 74(4)(h) or 75(8) of this Act may contain such supplementary and incidental provisions as may appear to the Secretary of State to be appropriate.

(10) Any power (exercisable in accordance with section 294(2) of this Act) to make regulations or orders under this Act before the date of the commencement of this Act shall include power, by any regulations or order so made, to revoke any regulations or order made under any of the enactments which, as from that date, are repealed by this Act or having effect by virtue of any of those enactments as if made thereunder.

288. —(1) Where the united district for which, by an order Licensing under section 1 of this Act, a joint planning board is constituted planning comprises a licensing planning area, or the whole or part of areas* such a united district is included in a licensing planning area,

the Secretary of State may by order revoke or vary any order in force under Part VII of the Licensing Act 1964 so far as may 1964 c. 26. be necessary or expedient in consequence of the order under section 1 of this Act.

(2) Subject to subsection (1) of this section, nothing in any order made under section 1 of this Act shall affect the validity of any order in force under Part VII of the Licensing Act 1964 if made before the date of the order under section 1 of this Act.

289. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that Act not the provisions of this Act, and any restrictions or powers thereby excluded by imposed or conferred in relation to land, apply and may be special exercised in relation to any land notwithstanding that provision enactments-is made by any enactment in force at the passing of the Act of

1947, or by any local Act passed at any time during the Session of Parliament held during the regnal years 10 & 11 Geo. 6, for authorising or regulating any development of the land.

290. —(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context other-1 nterpretation. wise requires and subject to the transitional provisions hereinafter contained, the following expressions have the meanings hereby

assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" acquiring authority ", in relation to the acquisition of an interest in land (whether compulsorily or by agreement) or to a proposal so to acquire such an interest, means die government department, local authority or other body by whom the interest is, or is proposed to be, acquired;

"the Act of 1944 means the Town and Country Planning 1944 c. 47.

Act 1944;

Pt. Ill I

1974

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XV 1947 c. 51.

1954 c. 72. 1959 c. 53. 1962 c. 38. 1968 c. 72.

"the Act of 1947 means the Town and Country Planning Act 1947;

"the Act of 1954 means the Town and Country Planning Act 1954;

"the Act of 1959 means the Town and Country Planning Act 1959;

"the Act of 1962 means the Town and Country Planning Act 1962;

"the Act of 1968 means the Town and Country Planning Act 1968;

"advertisement" means any word, letter, model, sign, placard, board, notice, device or representation, whether illuminated or not, in the nature of, and employed wholly or partly for the purposes of, advertisement, announcement or direction, and (without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this definition), includes any hoarding or similar structure used, or adapted for use, for the display of advertisements, and references to the display of advertisements shall be construed accordingly;

"agriculture" includes horticulture, fruit growing, seed growing, dairy farming, the breeding and keeping of livestock (including any creature kept for the production of food, wool, skins or fur, or for the purpose of its use in the farming of land), the use of land as grazing land, meadow land, osier land, market gardens and nursery grounds, and the use of land for woodlands where that use is ancillary to the farming of land for other agricultural purposes, and "agricultural" shall be construed accordingly;

"the appointed day" means 1st July 1948;

"the appropriate Minister" has the meaning assigned to it by section 224 of this Act;

"area of extensive war damage" and "area of bad layout or obsolete development" mean respectively an area consisting of land shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State to have sustained war damage or, as the case may be, to be badly laid out or of obsolete development, or consisting of such land together with other land contiguous or adjacent thereto, being in each case land comprised in an area which is defined by a development plan as an area of comprehensive development;

"authority possessing compulsory purchase powers", in relation to the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land, means the person or body of persons effecting the acquisition, and, in relation to any other transaction relating to an interest in land, means any person or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

1975

c. 78

body of persons who could be or have been authorised Part XV to acquire that interest compulsorily for the purposes for which the transaction is or was effected, or a body (being a parish council or parish meeting or the council of a borough included in a rural district) on whose behalf a county council could be or have been so authorised;

"authority to whom Part II of the Act of 1959 applies " means a body of any of the descriptions specified in Part I of Schedule 4 to the Act of 1959;

"bridleway " has the same meaning as in the Highways Act 1959 c. 25. 1959;

"building" (except in sections 73 to 86 of this Act and Schedule 12 thereto) includes any structure or erection, and any part of a building, as so defined, but does not include plant or machinery comprised in a building;

"buildings or works " includes waste materials, refuse and other matters deposited on land, and references to the erection or construction of buildings or works shall be construed accordingly;

"building operations " includes rebuilding operations, structural alterations of or additions to buildings, and other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder;

"caravan site" has the meaning assigned to it by section

1(4) of the Caravan Sites and Control of Development i960 c. 62. Act 1960;

"clearing", in relation to land, means the removal of buildings or materials from the land, the levelling of the surface of the land, and the carrying out of such other operations in relation thereto as may be prescribed;

"common" includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green;

"compulsory acquisition" does not include the vesting in a person by an Act of Parliament of property previously vested in some other person;

"conservation area means an area designated under

section 277 of this Act;

"development" has the meaning assigned to it by section 22 of this Act, and "develop" shall be construed accordingly;

44 development order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 24 of this Act;

Pt. in 12

1976

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XV

1959 c. 25.

1963 c. 33.

1971 c. 41.

" development plan " (subject to section 21 of, and paragraphs 1 and 8 of Schedule 6 to, this Act) shall be construed in accordance with section 20 of this Act; "disposal" means disposal by way of sale, exchange or lease, or by way of the creation of any easement, right or privilege, or in any other manner, except by way of appropriation, gift or mortgage, and " dispose of " shall be construed accordingly;

" enactment " includes an enactment in any local or private Act of Parliament, and an order, rule, regulation, byelaw or scheme made under an Act of Parliament;

" enforcement notice " means a notice under section 87 of this Act;

" engineering operations " includes the formation or laying out of means of access to highways;

" erection ", in relation to buildings as defined in this subsection, includes extension, alteration and re-erection; " established use certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by section 94 of this Act;

" footpath " has the same meaning as in the Highways Act 1959;

"fuel or field garden allotment" means any allotment set out as a fuel allotment, or a field garden allotment, under an Inclosure Act;

" functions " includes powers and duties;

"government department" includes any Minister of the Crown;

" the Greater London development plan " (except in Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act) means the development plan submitted to the Minister of Housing and Local Government under section 25 of the London Government Act 1963 and approved by the Secretary of State under section 5 of the Act of 1962 or the corresponding provision of this Act;

" highway " has the same meaning as in the Highways Act, 1959;

"improvement", in relation to a highway, has the same meaning as in the Highways Act 1959 as amended by the Highways Act 1971;

" industrial development certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by section 67 of this Act;

" joint planning board " has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of this Act;

" land " means any corporeal hereditament, including a building, and, in relation to the acquisition of land under Part VI of this Act, includes any interest in or right over land;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1977

"lease" includes an underlease and an agreement for a lease or underlease, but does not include an option to take a lease or a mortgage, and " leasehold interest " means the interest of the tenant under a lease as so defined;

" listed building " has the meaning assigned to it by section 54(9) of this Act;

"listed building consent" has the meaning assigned to it by section 55(2) of this Act;

"listed building enforcement notice" has the meaning assigned to it by section 96 of this Act;

" listed building purchase notice " has the meaning assigned to it by section 190 of this Act;

" local authority " (except in section 215 of this Act) means the council of a county, county borough or county district, the Greater London Council, the council of a London borough and any other authority (except the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District) who are a local authority within the meaning of the Local Loans Act 1875 and includes any river authority, any drainage board and any joint board or joint committee if all the constituent authorities are local authorities within the meaning of that Act;

"local highway authority" means a highway authority other than the Secretary of State;

" local planning authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of, and Schedule 3 to, this Act;

" London borough " includes the City of London, references to the council of a London borough or the clerk to such a council being construed, in relation to the City, as references to the Common Council of the City and the town clerk of the City respectively;

" means of access " includes any means of access, whether private or public, for vehicles or for foot passengers, and includes a street;

" minerals " includes all minerals and substances in or under land of a kind ordinarily worked for removal by underground or surface working, except that it does not include peat cut for purposes other than sale;

" Minister " means any Minister of the Crown or other government department;

" mortgage " includes any charge or lien on any property for securing money or money’s worth;

"new development" has the meaning assigned to it by section 22(5) of this Act;

Pt. Ill 13

Part XV

1875 c. 83.

1978

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Part XV

1953 c. 16.

" open space " means any land laid out as a public garden, or used for the purposes of public recreation, or land which is a disused burial ground;

"operational land" has the meaning assigned to it by section 222 of this Act;

" owner ", in relation to any land, means (except in sections 27 and 29 of this Act) a person, other than a mortgagee not in possession, who, whether in his own right or as trustee for any other person, is entitled to receive the rack rent of the land, or, where die land is not let at a rack rent, would be so entided if it were so let;

" planning decision " means a decision made on an application under Part III of this Act;

"planning permission" means permission under Part III of this Act, and in construing references to planning permission to develop land or to carry out any development of land, or to applications for such permission, regard shall be had to section 32(2) of this Act; "planning permission granted for a limited period" has the meaning assigned to it by section 30(2) of this Act; "prescribed" (except in relation to matters expressly required or authorised by this Act to be prescribed in some other way) means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

" previous apportionment ", in relation to an apportionment for any of the purposes of the relevant provisions, means an apportionment made before the apportionment in question, being—

(a) an apportionment for any of the purposes of the relevant provisions as made, confirmed or varied by the Lands Tribunal on a reference to that Tribunal; or

(b) an apportionment for any of those purposes which might have been referred to the Lands Tribunal by virtue of any of the relevant provisions, where the time for such a reference has expired without its being required to be so referred, or where, after it had been so referred, the reference was withdrawn before the Tribunal gave their decision thereon; or

(c) an apportionment made by or with the approval of the Central Land Board in connection with the approval by the Board, under section 2(2) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1953 of an assignment of part of the benefit of an established claim (as defined by section 135(4) of this Act),

and in this definition " the relevant provisions " means any of the provisions of Part VII of this Act or of Part

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1979

VI of the Act of 1962, any of those provisions as applied by any other provision of this Act or that Act, and any of the provisions of the Act of 1954;

" purchase notice " has the meaning assigned to it by section 180 of this Act;

" relocation of population or industry ", in relation to any area, means the rendering available elsewhere than in that area (whether in an existing community or a community to be newly established) of accommodation for residential purposes or for the carrying on of business or other activities, together with all appropriate public services, facilities for public worship, recreation and amenity, and other requirements, being accommodation to be rendered available for persons or undertakings who are living or carrying on business or other activities in that area or who were doing so but by reason of war circumstances are no longer for the time being doing so, and whose continued or resumed location in that area would be inconsistent with the proper planning thereof;

"replacement of open space", in relation to any area, means the rendering of land available for use as an open space, or otherwise in an undeveloped state, in substitution for land in that area which is so used;

" statutory undertakers " means persons authorised by any enactment, to carry on any railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse undertaking, or any undertaking for the supply of electricity, gas, hydraulic power or water, and " statutory undertaking" shall be construed accordingly;

"stop notice" has the meaning assigned to it by section 90 of this Act;

" tenancy " has the same meaning as in the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954;

"tree preservation order" has the meaning assigned to it by section 60 of this Act;

" use ", in relation to land, does not include the use of land for the carrying out of any building or other operations thereon;

"Valuation Office" means the Valuation Office of the Inland Revenue Department;

" Wales " includes Monmouthshire and references to England shall be construed accordingly;

" war damage " has the same meaning as in the War Damage Act 1943.

Pt. in 14

Part XV

1954 c. 56.

1943 c. 21.

1980

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XV (2) If, in relation to anything required or authorised to be done under this Act, any question arises as to which Minister is or was the appropriate Minister in relation to any statutory undertakers, that question shall be determined by the Treasury; and if any question so arises whether land of statutory undertakers is operational land, that question shall be determined by the Minister who is the appropriate Minister in relation to those undertakers.

(3) Words in this Act importing a reference to service of a notice to treat shall be construed as including a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which, by virtue of any enactment, is to be deemed to be served.

(4) With respect to references in this Act to planning

decisions—

(a) in relation to a decision altered on appeal by the

reversal or variation of the whole or part thereof, such references shall be construed as references to the decision as so altered;

(b) in relation to a decision upheld on appeal, such

references shall be construed as references to the decision of the local planning authority and not to the decision of the Secretary of State on the appeal;

(c) in relation to a decision given on an appeal in the

circumstances mentioned in section 37 of this Act, such references shall be construed as references to the decision so given;

(d) the time of a planning decision, in a case where there

is or was an appeal, shall be taken to be or have been the time of the decision as made by the local planning authority (whether or not that decision is or was altered on that appeal) or, in the case of a decision given on an appeal in the circumstances mentioned in section 37 of this Act, the time when in accordance with that section notification of a decision of the local planning authority is deemed to have been received.

(5) Subject to section 43(1) of this Act, for the purposes of this Act development of land shall be taken to be initiated—

(a) if the development consists of the carrying out of opera-

tions, at the time when those operations are begun;

(b) if the development consists of a change in use, at the

time when the new use is instituted;

(c) if the development consists both of the carrying out of

operations and of a change in use, at the earlier of the times mentioned in the preceding paragraphs.

(6) In relation to the sale or acquisition of an interest in land, references in this Act to a contract are references to a contract In writing, or a contract attested by a memorandum or note

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1981

thereof in writing signed by the parties thereto or by some other Part XV person or persons authorised by them in that behalf, and, where the interest is or was conveyed or assigned without a preliminary contract, are references to the conveyance or assignment; and references to the making of a contract are references to the execution thereof or (if it was not in writing) to the signature of the memorandum or note by which it was attested.

(7) In this Act—

(a) references to a person from whom title is derived by another person include references to any predecessor in title of that other person;

(b) references to a person deriving title from another person

include references to any successor in title of that other person;

(c) references to deriving title are references to deriving title

either directly or indirectly.

(8) References in this Act to any of the provisions in Part V or VI of Schedule 21 to this Act include, except where the context otherwise requires, references to those provisions as modified under section 270 or 271 of this Act.

(9) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

291. —(1) The enactments specified in Schedule 23 to this Act Consequential shall have effect subject to die amendments specified in that amendments. Schedule, being amendments consequential upon die provisions

of this Act.

(2) References in any Act to the acquisition of land under Part V of the Act of 1962 or to land acquired thereunder (including references which, by Schedule 14 to that Act, are to be construed as such) shall be respectively construed as, or as including (according as the context requires) references to the acquisition of land under Part VI of this Act and to land acquired thereunder.

292. —(1) The transitional provisions and savings contained Transitional

in Schedule 24 to this Act shall have effect. provisions,

savings

(2) Subject to the provisions of that Schedule, the enactments and repeals, specified in Schedule 25 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule. 293 *

293. The inclusion in this Act of any express savings, transi- saving for

tional provision or amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing Interpretation the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which Act 1889 s* 38-relates to the effect of repeals). 1889 c. 63.

1982

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Part XV Commencement.

1889 c. 63.

Short title and extent.

1957 c. 20.

294. —(1) Except as provided in section 21 of this Act and subject to the following provisions of this section, this Act shall come into operation on 1st April 1972 (in this section referred to as " the commencement date ").

(2) This section, any provisions of this Act which confer any power to make regulations or orders, or which (whether expressly or as construed in accordance with section 32(3) of the Interpretation Act 1889) confer any power to revoke or vary any regulations or orders, and any provisions of this Act relating to the exercise of any such power, shall come into operation on the passing of this Act; but no regulations or order shall be made under this Act so as to come into operation before the commencement date.

(3) In subsection (2) of this section the reference to provisions of this Act relating to the exercise of any such power as is therein mentioned includes a reference to any provisions of this Act whereby statutory instruments containing regulations or an order are subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, or whereby any regulations or order or any provisions thereof require the approval of each of those Houses.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the commencement of this Act is a reference to the coming into operation of so much of this Act as comes into operation on the commencement date, and any reference to the date of the commencement of this Act is a reference to that date; and if any Act passed after the passing of this Act refers to the commencement of this Act, subsections (2) and (3) of this section and section 21 of this Act shall be disregarded for the purpose of construing that reference in accordance with section 36 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the meaning of 44 commencement " with reference to an Act).

(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to the generality of section 37 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the exercise of statutory powers between the passing and the commencement of an Act). 295

295. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Planning Act 1971.

(2) This Act, except so far as it relates to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 or (by Schedule 23) amends any enactment which extends to Scotland or Northern Ireland, extends to England and Wales only.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1983

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 1.

Joint Planning Boards

1. A joint planning board constituted by an order under section 1 of this Act shall consist of such number of members as may be determined by the order, to be appointed by the constituent councils.

2. A joint planning board so constituted shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal.

3. An order constituting a joint planning board and any order amending or revoking any order constituting a joint planning board—

(a) may, without prejudice to the provisions of section 293

of the Local Government Act 1933 (which authorises the 1933 c. 51. application of the provisions of that Act to joint boards), provide for regulating the appointment, tenure of office and vacation of office of members of the board, for regulating the meetings and proceedings of the board, and for the payment of the expenses of the board by the constituent councils;

(b) may provide for the transfer and compensation of officers, the transfer of property and liabilities, and the adjustment of accounts and apportionments of liabilities ;

(c) may contain such other provisions as appear to the Secretary

of State to be expedient for enabling die board to exercise their functions; and

(d) may apply to the board, with any necessary modifications and adaptations, any of the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act.

SCHEDULE 2 Section 2.

Planning Committees and Joint Advisory Committees

Part I Planning Committees

1. A local planning authority may establish such planning committees as they think it expedient to establish for the efficient discharge of their functions as a local planning authority, and may authorise any such committee to exercise on their behalf any of those functions, except the power to borrow money or to levy or issue a precept for a rate.

2. A planning committee of a local planning authority may, subject to any restrictions imposed by the local planning authority—

(a) appoint such sub-committees constituted in such manner as the committee may determine ; and {b) authorise any such sub-committee to exercise any of the functions of the committee on their behalf.

1984

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 2

1933 c. 51.

Section 5.

3. A majority of every planning committee of a local planning authority shall be members of the authority, and a majority of every sub-committee of any such committee shall be members either of the local planning authority or of the councils of county districts comprised in the area of that authority.

4. Any power conferred by this Part of this Schedule to establish or appoint committees or sub-committees, or to authorise such committees or sub-committees to exercise any functions, shall include power to dissolve or alter the constitution of such committees or sub-committees, and to revoke or vary any such authorisation.

Part n Joint Advisory Committees

5. Any two or more local planning authorities may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, concur in establishing a joint advisory committee for the purpose of advising those authorities as to the preparation of structure plans and local plans and generally as to the planning of development in their areas; and any such committee shall be constituted in such manner as may be determined by the authorities by whom it was established:

Provided that a majority of the members of any such committee shall be members of one or other of those authorities.

6. If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient that a joint advisory committee of any two or more local planning authorities should be established in accordance with paragraph 5 of this Schedule, he may, after consultation with those authorities, by order establish such a committee, and any such order may—

(a) provide for the reference to the committee of such matters

as may be specified in the order ;

(b) make such incidental and consequential provisions (including provision for the payment of expenses of the committee and the transfer and compensation of officers) as appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient.

7. Any power conferred by this Part of this Schedule to establish committees or to authorise such committees to exercise any functions shall include power to dissolve or alter the constitution of such committees, and to revoke or vary any such authorisation.

8. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall be in addition to and not in substitution for the provisions of the Local Government Act 1933 with respect to the appointment by local authorities of joint committees.

SCHEDULE 3

Local Planning Authorities in Greater London Local planning authorities

1. Subject to paragraphs 2 and 5 of this Schedule, the Greater London Council is the local planning authority for Greater London as a whole.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2. —(1) Subject to paragraph 3 of this Schedule, to Schedule 4 and to Part n of Schedule 5 to this Act, for all purposes of this Act the local planning authority as respects any London borough is the council of the borough; and—

(a) any application under Part HI of this Act for planning per-

mission for any development; and

(b) any application under Part IV of this Act for listed building consent,

shall be made to, and, subject to paragraph 3 of this Schedule, section 35 of this Act and paragraph 4 of Schedule 11 to this Act, shall be determined by such as may be appropriate of those councils.

(2) Except in any case or class of cases with respect to which the Greater London Council otherwise direct, the council of each London borough shall cause a copy of every decision made by them on an application mentioned in this paragraph to be sent to the Greater London Council, together with a copy of the application and such other information relating thereto and to the decision as the Greater London Council may reasonably require.

3. —(1) This paragraph applies to development of such a class, in such area of Greater London, as may be prescribed.

(2) In relation to development to which this paragraph applies, the Greater London Council shall be the local planning authority for all relevant purposes of this Act other than—

(a) sections 94 and 95 ; and

(b) the reception of applications for, or with respect to the need for, planning permission for such development.

(3) Subject to paragraph 5 of this Schedule, a council by whom there is received—

(a) any application for planning permission for development

to which this paragraph applies ; or

(b) any application under section 53 of this Act in a case in which it appears to that council that the proposed action to which the application relates would constitute or involve such development if it constituted or involved development at all,

shall forward the application to the Greater London Council, who shall deal with it in like manner as if it had been made to them.

(4) Development to which this paragraph applies by the Greater London Council shall be deemed, for the purposes of section 270 of this Act, to be development by the Council of land in respect of which they are the local planning authority.

(5) Without prejudice to paragraph 5 of this Schedule, the Greater London Council may in any particular case by instrument in writing authorise the council of a London borough to discharge on their behalf any functions under sections 87 to 95 and section 177 of this Act with respect to development to which this paragraph applies.

1985 Sch. 3

1986

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 3 4. The Greater London Council shall, as respects any London

borough, have concurrently with the local planning authority the functions of a local planning authority under sections 58, 96 to 100, 173 and 271 of this Act, and references in those provisions to the local planning authority shall be construed accordingly.

Delegation of functions

1963 c. 33. 5. Section 5(1) of the London Government Act 1963 shall not

apply to any functions of the Greater London Council under this Act, but the Greater London Council may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, and shall if so required by the Secretary of State, delegate to the council of a London borough any of those functions so far as exerciseable in that borough, and any council to whom functions are so delegated shall perform those functions on behalf of the Greater London Council.

6. The Greater London Council may agree with the council of a London borough for the transfer to the council of the borough of any liability of the Greater London Council to pay compensation under this Act in respect of anything done by die council of the borough in the exercise of functions delegated to them under paragraph 5 of this Schedule and for the transfer of any officers of any of those councils; and any such agreement shall include provisions in accordance with section 85(3) of the London Government Act. 1963 for the protection of the interests of such officers.

Reference of applications for planning permission to Secretary of State and Greater London Council

7. Without prejudice to his powers by virtue of section 31(1) or 35 of this Act, the Secretary of State may by regulations make with respect to applications for planning permission for development in Greater London provision for particular applications or applications of a particular class to be referred before they are dealt with by the local planning authority—

(a) in the case of an application falling to be dealt with by

the Greater London Council, to the Secretary of State ;

(б) in the case of an application falling to be dealt with by the council of a London borough—

(i) to the Greater London Council;

(ii) in such cases as the regulations may prescribe, to the Secretary of State ;

(c) in the case of an application referred to the Greater London Council by virtue of sub-paragraph (b)(i) of this paragraph, to the Secretary of State,

and for the giving to the referring council by the Greater London Council or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State, of directions as to the manner in which the application is to be dealt with.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1987

Interpretation of references to local planning authorities Sen. 3

in other enactments

8. In relation to land in a London borough—

(a) references to local planning authorities in any of the follow*

ing enactments, that is to say—

(i) sections 33 and 34 of, and Schedule 2 to, the Elec- 1957 c. 48. tricity Act 1957;

(ii) section 108 of, and Schedule 12 to, the Highways 1959 c. 25. Act 1959;

(iii) Schedule 1 to the Pipe-lines Act 1962, 1962 c. 58.

shall be construed as including references to the Greater London Council but not to the council of a London borough;

(b) the reference in section 86(4) of the Transport Act 1962 1962 c. 46. to the local planning authority to whom application is

made for permission for the development in question shall be construed as a reference to the local planning authority by whom that application falls to be dealt with;

(c) references in section 3(2) of the Acquisition of Land 1946 c. 49.

(Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946, as applied by section 15 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958, to the local planning 1958 c. 69. authority shall be construed as including references both to the Greater London Council and the council of the London borough ;

id) any reference in section 17 or 20 of the Caravan Sites and 1960 c. 62. Control of Development Act 1960 to the local planning authority shall be construed as a reference to the council of a London borough ;

(e) any reference in Part III of the Land Compensation Act 1961 c. 33. 1961 to the local planning authority shall be construed as a reference to the council of a London borough, but that council shall consult with the Greater London Council before issuing a certificate under section 17 of that Act in any case where an application for planning permission for any development to which the certificate would relate would fall to be dealt with by the Greater London Council.

SCHEDULE 4 Section 19.

Development Plans : Greater London

Survey of planning areas

1. The matters to be examined and kept under review under section 6 of this Act by the Greater London Council shall be such of the matters mentioned in that section as they think fit, or, in the case of a fresh survey under section 6(2) of this Act instituted in pursuance of a direction of the Secretary of State, such matters as may be specified in the direction.

1988

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 4 2. The matters to be so examined or kept under review by a

London borough council shall be such of the matters mentioned in the said section 6 as have not been examined or kept under review by the Greater London Council, such other matters as they may be required by the Greater London Council to examine or keep under review or, in the case of a fresh survey under the said section 6(2) instituted in pursuance of a direction of the Secretary of State, such matters as may be specified in the direction.

3. Any survey by a London borough council under section 6 of this Act shall be carried out on such lines as the Greater London Council may direct.

Structure plans

4. The Greater London development plan shall be tiv&ted for the purposes of this Act as a structure plan for Greater London approved under section 9 of this Act and may be altered under section 10 of this Act accordingly; and the Secretary of State may direct that any area or part of an area indicated by the plan (as originally approved under section 5 of the Act of 1962 or the corresponding provision of this Act) as an area intended for comprehensive development, redevelopment or improvement as a whole shall be treated for those purposes as an action area.

5. The structure plan required by section 7 of this Act to be prepared for any area by a London borough council shall include a restatement of so much of the provisions of the Greater London development plan, with any alterations and additions consistent with the latter plan which appear to them to be necessary or expedient, as is applicable to that area.

6. A London borough council shall send any report and structure plan prepared by them under the said section 7 to the Greater London Council for submission to the Secretary of State, and the Greater London Council shall send them on to the Secretary of State within such period as he may allow, with any observations of theirs thereon.

7. The information on which a London borough council’s policy and general proposals formulated under section 7(3) of this Act are based shall include any information which the council obtain in pursuance of a direction of the Greater London Council.

8. The inclusion in the Greater London development plan of an area wholly or partly within a London borough which is to be treated as an action area shall not preclude a London borough council from selecting any other part of the borough as an action area.

9. Before giving a direction to a London borough council under section 7(4) of this Act the Secretary of State shall consult the Greater London Council and the London borough council with respect to the proposed direction.

Alterations to structure plans

10. A direction under section 10(1) of this Act to a London borough council may, instead of being given by the Secretary of State, be given by the Greater London Council with the approval of the Secretary of State.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1989

11. Before giving such a direction the Secretary of State or Greater London Council, as the case may be, shall consult the council to whom the direction is proposed to be given.

12. The report required by section 10 of this Act to be sent by a London borough council with the proposals submitted by them under that section shall include a report of any review by the Greater London Council of the relevant matters on which the proposals are based

13. Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this Schedule shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to proposals for the amendment of any structure plan for the whole or part of a London borough as they apply in relation to the plan to be amended.

Local plans

14. Notwithstanding anything in Schedule 3 to this Act, the Greater London Council shall not under section 11 of this Act prepare a local plan for any part of Greater London other than a plan for an action area, but the foregoing provision shall not be construed as precluding them from preparing a local plan for any area by virtue of section 17 of this Act

15. The council of a London borough any part of which is indicated by the Greater London development plan as an action area or is to be treated as an action area shall, if it falls to them and not to the Greater London Council to prepare a local plan for that area, prepare such a plan as soon as practicable after the approval of the Greater London development plan, notwithstanding that the council of that borough have not prepared a structure plan for that area.

16. References in section 11(6) and (9) of this Act to a structure plan shall, in relation to a local plan prepared for an action area or for an area which is to be treated as an action area by a London borough council, be construed as including references to the Greater London development plan.

17. The duty of the Secretary of State under section 11(10) of this Act to consult a local planning authority with respect to a direction which he proposes to give them shall, where the authority is a London borough council, include a duty to consult the Greater London Council with respect to the direction.

18. On sending a copy of a local plan to the Secretary of State under section 12(2) of this Act a London borough council shall also send a copy of the plan to the Greater London Council.

19. Section 15(3) of this Act shall, in its application to proposals made by a London borough council for the alteration of a local plan, have effect as if the reference to a provision of section 11 or 12 of this Act were a reference to that provision as modified by paragraphs 16 to 18 of this Schedule.

SCB. 4

1990

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Section 21.

SCHEDULE 5

Development Plans: Provisions in Forcb until Superseded by Part II of this Act Part I

Surveys of planning areas and preparation of development plans

1.—(1) Any local planning authority who have not submitted to the Secretary of State a development plan for their area shall carry out a survey of their area and shall, within such period as the Secretary of State may in any particular case allow, submit to the Secretary of State a report of the survey together with a development plan for their area.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, in this Act " development plan " means a plan indicating the manner in which a local planning authority propose that land in their area should be used, whether by the carrying out thereon of development or otherwise, and the stages by which any such development should be carried out

(3) Subject to the provisions of any regulations made under this Act for regulating the form and content of development plans, any such plan shall include such maps and such descriptive matter as may be necessary to illustrate the proposals in question with such degree of particularity as may be appropriate to different parts of the area; and any such plan may in particular define the sites of proposed roads, public and other buildings and works, airfields, parks, pleasure grounds, nature reserves and other open spaces, or allocate areas of land for use for agricultural, residential, industrial or other purposes of any class specified in the plan.

(4) For the purposes of this paragraph, a development plan may define as an area of comprehensive development any area which, in the opinion of the local planning authority, should be developed or redeveloped as a whole for any one or more of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) for the purposes of dealing satisfactorily with extensive war damage or conditions of bad lay-out or obsolete development ; or

(b) for the purpose of providing for the relocation of popu-

lation or industry or the replacement of open space in the course of the development or redevelopment of any other area; or

(c) for any other purpose specified in the plan;

and land may be included in any area so defined whether or not provision is made by the plan for the development or redevelopment of that particular land.

(5) At any time before a development plan with respect to the whole of the area of a local planning authority has been approved by the Secretary of State, that authority may, with the consent of

General

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1991

the Secretary of State, and shall, if so required by directions of the Secretary of State, prepare and submit to him a development plan relating to part of that area; and the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall apply in relation to any such plan as they apply in relation to a plan relating to the whole of the area of a local planning authority.

Approval of development plans

2. The Secretary of State may approve any development plan submitted to him under paragraph 1 of this Schedule, either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient.

Amendment of development plans

3.—(1) At least once in every five years after the date on which a development plan for any area was approved by the Secretary of State, the local planning authority shall carry out a fresh survey of that area, and (subject to paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to this Act) submit to the Secretary of State a report of the survey, together with proposals for any alterations or additions to the plan which appear to them to be required having regard thereto.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, any local planning authority may (subject to paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to this Act) at any time, and shall if so required by directions of the Secretary of State, submit to the Secretary of State proposals for such alterations or additions to the development plan for their area or any part thereof as appear to them to be expedient, or as may be required by those directions, as the case may be.

(3) Where proposals for alterations or additions to a development plan are submitted to the Secretary of State under this paragraph, the Secretary of State may amend that plan to such extent as he considers expedient having regard to those proposals and to any other material considerations.

(4) Where in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1(5) of this Schedule a development plan has been prepared for part of the area of a local planning authority, and has been approved by the Secretary of State, then (without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph) the periods of five years mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall run from the date on which development plans in respect of the whole of the area have been approved by the Secretary of State.

Additional powers of Secretary of State with respect to development

plans

4.—(1) Where, by virtue of any of the preceding provisions of this Schedule or of any directions of the Secretary of State thereunder, any development plan, report or proposals for alterations or

Sch. 5

1992

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 5 additions to a development plan are required to be submitted to the Secretary of State, then—

(a) if within the period allowed in that behalf under those pro-

visions or directions no such plan, report or proposals, or no such plan or proposals satisfactory to the Secretary of State, have been so submitted ; or

(b) if at any time the Secretary of State is satisfied, after holding a local inquiry, that the local planning authority are not taking the steps necessary to enable them to submit such a plan, report or proposals within that period,

the Secretary of State may, after carrying out any survey which appears to him to be expedient for the purpose, make such development plan, or, as the case may be, amend the development plan to such extent, as he considers expedient.

(2) Where, under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the Secretary of State has power to make or amend a development plan, he may, if he thinks fit, authorise the local planning authority for any neighbouring area, or any other local planning authority which appears to the Secretary of State to have an interest in the proper planning of the area concerned, to submit such a plan to him for his approval, or las the case may be, to submit to him proposals for the amendment of the plan, and to carry out any survey of the land which appears to him to be expedient for the purpose.

(3) The Secretary of State may approve any plan submitted to him Under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient, or, as the case may be, may amend any development plan, with respect to which proposals for amendment have been submitted to him under that sub-paragraph to such extent as he considers expedient having regard to those proposals and to any other material considerations.

(4) The preceding provisions of this Schedule shall, so far as applicable, apply to the making, approval or amendment of development plans under this paragraph, and to plans so made, approved or amended, as they apply to the approval or amendment of development plans under those provisions, and to plans approved or amended thereunder.

(5) Where the Secretary of State incurs expenses under this paragraph in connection with the making or amendment of a plan with respect to the area, or any part of the area, of a local planning authority, so much of those expenses as may be certified by the Secretary of State to have been incurred in the performance of functions of that authority shall on demand be repaid by that authority to the Secretary of State.

(6) Where, under this paragraph, a plan, or proposals for the amendment of a plan, are authorised to be submitted to the Secretary of State by the local planning authority for any area other than the area in which the land is situated, any expenses reasonably incurred in that behalf by that authority, as certified by the Secretary of State, shall be repaid to that authority by the local planning authority for the area in which the land is situated.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1993

Incorporation in development plans of orders and schemes relating Sch. 5 to highways and new towns

5. —(1) Where the Secretary of State—

(a) makes an order under section 7 of the Highways Act 1959 1959 c. 25.

directing that a highway proposed to be constructed by him shall become a trunk road ; or

(b) makes or confirms an order or scheme under section 9, 11 or 13 of that Act,

any development plan approved or made under this Schedule which relates to land on which a highway is to be constructed or altered in accordance with that order or scheme shall have effect as if the provisions of that order or scheme were included in the plan.

(2) Where an order is made by the Secretary of State under section

1 of the New Towns Act 1965 designating an area as the site of a 1965 c. 59. new town under that Act, any development plan approved or made under this Schedule which relates to land in that area shall have effect as if the provisions of that order were included in the plan.

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as prohibiting the inclusion in a development plan, as approved or made by the Secretary of State or as for the time being amended, of provisions—

(a) defining the line of a highway proposed to be constructed

or altered in accordance with any such order or scheme as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph; or

(б) defining an area designated as the site of a new town by any such order as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph; or

(c) defining land as likely to be made the subject of any such

order or scheme as is mentioned in either of those sub-paragraphs.

(4) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act for enabling any proceedings preliminary to the making of any such order as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (l)(a) or (2) of this paragraph, to be taken concurrently with proceedings required under this Schedule to be taken in connection with the approval or making of a development plan relating to land to which any such order applies, or in connection with any amendment of a development plan rendered necessary or desirable in consequence of any such order.

Supplementary provisions as to development plans

6. —(1) A local planning authority, before preparing a development plan relating to any land in a county district, or proposals for alterations or additions to any such plan, shall consult with the council of that district, and shall, before submitting any such plan or proposals to the Secretary of State, give to that council an opportunity to make representations with respect thereto and shall consider any representations so made.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act with respect to the form and content of development plans, and with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with the

1994

c.78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch. 5 preparation, submission, approval, making and amendment of such plans; and such regulations shall in particular make provision for securing—

{a)that notice shall be given by advertisement in the London Gazette, and in at least one newspaper circulating in the area concerned, of the submission to the Secretary of State of any such plan, or of proposals for the amendment of any such plan, and of any proposal by the Secretary of State to make or amend such a plan, and of the place or places where copies of the plan or proposals as so submitted, or of any such proposal of the Secretary of State, may be inspected;

(b) that objections and representations duly made in accordance with the regulations shall be considered, and that such local inquiries or other hearings as may be prescribed shall be held, before such a plan is approved, made or amended by the Secretary of State ; and

(c) that copies of any such plan as approved or made by the

Secretary of State, including any amendments thereof, shall be available for inspection by the public, and that copies thereof (including reproductions, on such scale as may be appropriate, of any relevant maps) shall be available for sale to the public at a reasonable cost.

(3) If, as the result of any objections or representations considered, or local inquiry or other hearing held, in connection with a development plan or proposals for amendment of such a plan submitted to or prepared by the Secretary of State under this Schedule, the Secretary of State is of opinion that the local planning authority, or any other authority or person, ought to be consulted before he decides whether to approve or make the plan, either with or without modifications, or to amend the plan, as the case may be, he shall consult that authority or person but shall not be under any obligation to consult any other authority or person, or to afford any opportunity for further objections or representations, or to cause any further local inquiry or other hearing to be held.

(4) Subject to the preceding provisions of this paragraph, the Secretary of State may give directions to any local planning authority, or to local planning authorities generally—

(a) for formulating the procedure for the carrying out of their functions under the preceding provisions of this Schedule;

( b)for requiring them to give him such information as he may

require for the purpose of the exercise of any of his functions under those provisions.

Publication and date of operation of development plans

7.—(1) Immediately after a development plan has been approved or made or amended by the Secretary of State under this Schedule, the local planning authority shall publish, in such manner as may be prescribed, a notice stating that the plan has been approved, made or amended, as the case may be, and naming a place where a copy of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1995

plan or of the plan as amended, may be seen at all reasonable hours, Sch. 5 and shall serve a like notice—

(a) on any person who duly made an objection to, or representation with respect to, the proposed plan or amendment, and has sent to the local planning authority a request in writing to serve him with the notice required by this sub-paragraph, specifying an address for service; and

(b) on such other persons (if any) as may be required by general or special directions given by the Secretary of State.

(2) Subject to the provisions of Part XII of this Act as to the validity of development plans and of amendments of such plans, a development plan, or an amendment of a development plan, shall become operative on the date on which the notice required by sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph is first published.

Part n Greater London

Development plans

8.—(1) In the application of this Schedule to Greater London, paragraphs 1(1) and (5) and 3(1) and (2) shall not apply but the provisions of this and the next following paragraph shall have effect in place thereof.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any order under section 84 of the London Government Act 1963, any development plans under the 1963 c. 33. Act of 1962 operative on 31st March 1965 which relate, or so far

as they relate, to any part of Greater London shall together constitute as from 1st April 1965 the initial development plan for Greater London.

(3) The Greater London Council shall cause to be carried out a survey of Greater London and shall, within such period as the Secretary of State may allow, submit to the Secretary of State a report of that survey and a general development plan for Greater London, to be known as the Greater London development plan, which, subject to any regulations made (by virtue of paragraph 10(5)(e) of this Schedule) under paragraph 6 of this Schedule, shall lay down considerations of general policy with respect to the use of land in the various parts of Greater London, including in particular guidance as to the future road system, and may make any necessary consequential modifications in the initial development plan aforesaid; and as from the date when the Greater London development plan becomes •operative, that plan and the initial development plan aforesaid with any modifications therein made by the Greater London development plan shall together constitute the interim development plan for Greater London.

1996

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch. 5 (4) Within such period as the Secretary of State may allow after the

Greater London development plan becomes operative, each London borough council shall as respects their borough carry out on behalf of the Greater London Council such further survey, if any, as the borough council may consider necessary or as the Greater London Council may direct, and submit to the Greater London Council a report on any such further survey and a local development plan which, subject to any such regulations as aforesaid, shall restate as respects the borough the relevant provisions of the initial development plan aforesaid as modified by the Greater London development plan with any alterations and additions appearing to them necessary or expedient which are consistent with the Greater London development plan; and, without prejudice to paragraph 10(1) of this Schedule, the Greater London Council shall within such further period as the Secretary of State may allow forward any such reports and those local development plans to the Secretary of State with any observations thereon by that Council.

(5) The development plan for the purposes of this Act for any London borough shall be the following, as amended from time to time by virtue of any provision of paragraphs 9 and 10 of this Schedule, that is to say—

(a) as from 1st April 1965 until the Greater London develop-

ment plan becomes operative, the relevant provisions of the initial development plan aforesaid ;

(b) as from the date when the Greater London development plan becomes operative until the date when the local development plan submitted by the borough council becomes operative, the relevant provisions of the interim development plan aforesaid;

(c) as from the date when the said local development plan

becomes operative, that plan together with the Greater London development plan.

Amendment of development plans

9.—(1) The Greater London Council shall from time to time cause fresh surveys of Greater London to be carried out and, not less than once in every five years after the approval of the Greater London development plan by the Secretary of State (but subject to paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to this Act), submit to the Secretary of State a report of any such surveys together with proposals for any alterations or additions to that plan which appear to that Council to be required having regard to those surveys.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the foregoing sub-paragraph, the Greater London Council may (subject to paragraph 1 of the said Schedule 7) at any time, and shall at any time when so directed by the Secretary of State, submit to the Secretary of State proposals for such alterations or additions as appear to the Council to be expedient or as may be required by that direction—

(a) in the case of proposals made before the date of the Secretary of State's approval of the Greater London development

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

1997

plan, to the initial development plan referred to in paragraph 8(2) of this Schedule ; or

(b) in the case of proposals made after that date, to the Greater London development plan.

(3) After the Greater London development plan has become operative, the council of any London borough may (subject to paragraph 1 of the said Schedule 7) at any time, and shall at any time when so directed by the Secretary of State or, with the approval of the Secretary of State, by the Greater London Council, after carrying out on behalf of the Greater London Council such, if any, fresh survey of the borough as may appear to the borough council to be expedient or as may be required by that direction, submit to the Greater London Council proposals for such alterations or additions as may appear expedient or as may be so required—

(a) in the case of proposals made before the date of the Secretary

of State’s approval of their local development plan under paragraph 8(4) of this Schedule, to the initial development plan aforesaid as modified by the Greater London development plan; or

(b) in the case of proposals made after that date, to that local development plan;

and, without prejudice to paragraph 10(1) of this Schedule, the Greater London Council shall, within such time as the Secretary of State may allow, forward any such proposals to the Secretary of State together with any observations thereon by that Council.

Supplementary provisions as to development plans

10.—(1) If any local development plan submitted to the Greater London Council under paragraph 8(4) of this Schedule, or any proposal so submitted under paragraph 9(3) of this Schedule, contains any provision which in the opinion of the Greater London Council involves a departure from the Greater London development plan, that Council may, if they think fit, require the council submitting the plan or proposal to reconsider that provision within such period as may be specified in the requirement, and thereupon—

(a) unless within the period so specified the submitting council

agree that the provision involves such a departure, the question shall be referred to the Secretary of State for decision ;

(b) if the submitting council agree as aforesaid, or if on such a reference to the Secretary of State the Secretary of State decides that the provision involves such a departure, the Greater London Council may if they think fit cause that provision to be struck out from the local development plan or proposal for the purpose of its consideration by the Secretary of State;

(c) if on such a reference to the Secretary of State the Secretary

of State decides that the provision does not involve such a departure, the provision shall be included in the local development plan or proposal for the purpose of its consideration by the Secretary of State, but the Secretary of

Sch. 5

1998

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sea. 5

State, if so required by the Greater London Council, shall afford that Council an opportunity to make further observations thereon.

(2) Any survey under paragraph 8(3) or 9(1) of this Schedule shall, unless for special reasons the Greater London Council decide to carry it out themselves, be carried out on behalf of that Council by the London borough councils as respects their respective areas; and subject to sub-paragraph (6) of this paragraph any such survey and any survey under paragraph 8(4) or 9(3) of this Schedule shall be carried out on such lines as the Greater London Council may direct

(3) The Greater London Council, before preparing the Greater London development plan or any proposals under paragraph 9(1) or (2) of this Schedule, shall consult with the London borough councils or, in the case of any such proposals, with such of those councils as are affected by the proposals, and before submitting the plan or proposals to the Secretary of State shall give to each of those councils an opportunity to make representations with respect to the plan or proposals and shall consider any representations so made.

(4) A London borough council—

(a) when preparing their local development plan under para-

graph 8(4) or any proposal under paragraph 9(3) of this Schedule shall give to the Greater London Council any information which that Council may require with respect to the matters to be included in that plan or proposal; and

(b) before submitting that plan or proposal to the Greater London Council shall give that Council an opportunity to make representations in the light of that information and shall consider any representations so made.

(5) The following provisions of Part I of this Schedule, that is to say—

(a) paragraph 1(2), (3) and (4);

(b) paragraph 2;

(c) paragraph 3(3);

(d) paragraph 4;

(e) paragraph 6(2) and (3);

if) paragraph 7.

shall apply for the purposes of paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Schedule with the modifications specified in sub-paragraph (7) of this paragraph as if any report or plan submitted or forwarded under paragraph 8(3) or (4) of this Schedule were a report or plan submitted under paragraph 1(1) of this Schedule and any report or proposal submitted or forwarded under paragraph 9 of this Schedule were a report or proposal submitted under paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

(6) Paragraph 6(4) of this Schedule shall not apply to Greater London but, subject to any express provision contained in or having

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

1999

effect by virtue of this paragraph or paragraphs 8 or 9 of this Schedule, the Secretary of State may give directions—

(a) to the Greater London Council with respect to the form and content of any directions by the Greater London Council under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph;

(b) to that Council and to any London borough council—

(i) with respect to the procedure for the carrying out of the functions exercisable under or by virtue of ~ those paragraphs by any of those councils; and

(ii) with respect to the furnishing to the Secretary of State by those councils of information required for the purpose of the functions exercisable under or by virtue of those paragraphs by the Secretary of State.

(7) In the application by virtue of sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph of the provisions of this Schedule hereinafter mentioned—

(a) any reference in paragraph 1(4) to the opinion of the local

planning authority shall be construed as a reference to the opinion of either the Greater London Council or the council of the London borough in which the land in question is situated;

(b) the reference in paragraph 4(l)(h) to the local planning authority shall be construed as a reference to any of the following councils, that is to say. the Greater London Council and the London borough councils, by whom there fall to be taken the steps necessary to enable the plan, report or proposal in question to be submitted within the period in question;

(c) the reference in paragraph 4(4) to the preceding provisions

of this Schedule shall oc construed as including a reference to the provisions of paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Schedule and sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) of this paragraph ;

(d) any reference in paragraph 6(2) or (3) to objections or representations shall be construed as a reference only to objections or representations arising from—

(i) any addition, modification or alteration to the initial development plan referred to in paragraph 8(2) of this Schedule which is proposed to be effected by die Greater London development plan or which is proposed under paragraph 9(2)(a) of this Schedule;

(ii) any addition or alteration to the initial development plan aforesaid as modified by the Greater London development plan which is proposed to be effected by any local development plan forwarded to the Secretary of State under paragraph 8(4) of this Schedule or which is proposed under paragraph 9(3)(a) thereof;

(iii) any alteration or addition to the Greater London

development plan proposed under paragraph 9(1) or

(2)(h) of this Schedule ;

Sea. 5

2000

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sea. 5

Section 21.

(iv) any alteration or addition to such a local development plan as aforesaid proposed under paragraph 9(3)(6) of this Schedule;

(e) the reference in paragraph 7(1) to the local planning authority shall be construed—

(i) in relation to any amendment of the initial development plan aforesaid made before the Greater London development plan becomes operative or made by the Greater London development plan, as a reference to the Greater London Council;

(ii) in relation to any amendment of the provisions with respect to any London borough of the initial development plan aforesaid as modified by the Greater London development plan, as a reference to the council of that borough;

(iii) in relation to the Greater London development plan, as a reference to the Greater London Council;

(iv) in relation to a local development plan under paragraph 8(4) of this Schedule, as a reference to the council of the London borough in question.

SCHEDULE 6

Development Plans : Modifications of this Act Pending Repeal of Schedule 5

1. After section 147(5) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (5A) Except in relation to Greater London, the reference in subsection (4) of this section to the development plan for the area in which the land is situated is a reference to the development plan for that area as approved by the Secretary of State or, if the plan so approved has been amended by the Secretary of State, to that plan as so amended."

2. For section 242(1)(a) there shall be substituted: —

" (a) a development plan or an amendment of a development plan, whether before or after it has been approved or made ; or".

3. For subsections (1) and (2) of section 244 there shall be substituted:—

"(1) If any person aggrieved by a development plan, or by an amendment of a development plan, desires to question the validity thereof or of any provision contained therein on the grounds that it is not within the powers of this Act, or that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the approval or making of the plan, or, as the case mav be, in relation to the making of the amendment, he may, within six weeks from the date on which the notice required by paragraph 7(1) of Schedule 5 to this Act is first published, make an application to the High Court under this section.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2001

(2) On any application under this section the High Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the plan or amendment as the case may be, or of any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings;

(b) if satisfied that the plan or amendment, or any provision contained therein, is not within the powers of this Act, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder, may quash the plan or amendment or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant*'

and in subsections (3), (4) and (5) of the said section 244 for the words "structure plan* there shall be substituted the words " development plan *.

4. In section 255(2)(a) for the words "a structure plan or local plan under Part II of this Act * there shall be substituted the words " a development plan under Schedule 5 to this Act *.

5. For section 266(1)(a) there shall be substituted: —

" (a) a development plan approved or made under Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act or the Greater London development plan may include proposals relating to the use of Crown land and any power to acquire land compulsorily under Part VI of this Act may be exercised in relation to any interest therein which is for the time being held otherwise than by or on behalf of the Crown; "

6. After section 279 there shall be inserted the following section:—

" 279A. Where, in accordance with the provisions of Part HI, Part IV or Part V of this Act, a local planning authority are required to have regard to the provisions of the development plan in relation to die exercise of any of their functions, then, in relation to the exercise of those functions during any period before such a plan has become operative with respect to the area of that authority, the authority—

(a) shall have regard to any directions which may be or have been given to them by the Secretary of State as to the provisions to be included in such a plan; and

(б) subject to any such directions, shall have regard to the

provisions which in their opinion will be required to be so included for securing the proper planning of their area.*

and section 3(6) of this Act shall have effect in relation to any reference to the local planning authority in the said section 279A.

7. For section 280(1)0?) there shall be substituted:—

"(a) the preparation, approval, making or amendment of a development plan relating to the land under Schedule 5 to this Act, including the carrying out of any survey under that Schedule; *

Sch. 6

2002

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sea. 6

Section 21.

1961 c. 33. 1967 c. 1. 1959 c. 25.

8. In section 290(1), for the definition of " development plan there shall be substituted: —

" ‘ development plan * has the meaning assigned to it by paragraphs 1 and 8 of Schedule 5 to this Act. and includes a plan made in accordance with sub-paragraph (5) of the said paragraph 1 ; "

9. In Schedule 2, in paragraph 5, for the words " structure plans and local plans " there shall be substituted the words " development plans ".

10. In Schedule 3, in paragraph 7, there shall be added at the end the words "; and in particular the Secretary of State shall make regulations under this paragraph with respect to any application which the local planning authority consider should be granted for permission for development inconsistent with the Greater London development plan referred to in paragraph 8(3) (or, as respects any period before that plan becomes operative, with the initial development plan referred to in paragraph 8(2)) of Schedule 5 to this Act *\

11. In Part I of Schedule 21 after the words " Schedules 1 and 2 " there shall be inserted the words " Part I of Schedule 5 *.

SCHEDULE 7

Development Plans : Transition from Schedule 5 to Part n of this Act

1. Until the repeal of Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act and, where applicable, paragraph 8 of that Schedule as respects any district (whether the whole or part of the area of a local planning authority), proposals for any alterations or additions to a development plan in force in the area consisting of or comprising that district shall not without the approval of the Secretary of State be submitted to him under paragraph 3 or 9 of that Schedule.

2. On the repeal of the said Part I and, where applicable, the said paragraph 8 as respects any district, the development plan which was in force in the area consisting of or comprising that district immediately before the repeal takes effect (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as "the old development plan*’) shall, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, continue in force as respects that district and be treated for the purposes of this Act, any other enactment relating to town and country planning, the Land Compensation Act 1961, the Land Commission Act 1967 and the Highways Act 1959 as being comprised in, or as being, the development plan therefor.

3. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, where by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule the old development plan for any district is treated as being comprised in a development plan for that district and there is a conflict between any of its provisions and those of the structure plan for that district, the provisions of the structure plan shall be taken to prevail for the purposes of Parts ID, IV, V, VI, VII and EX of this Act and Schedule 11 to this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2003

4. Where a structure plan is in force in any district, but no local plan is in force in that district, a street authorisation map prepared in pursuance of the Town and Country Planning (Development Plans) Regulations 1965 or the Town and Country Planning (Development Plans for Greater London) Regulations 1966 for any area consisting of or comprising that district shall—

(a) if in force immediately before the structure plan comes into

force be treated for the purposes of this Act as having been adopted as a local plan by the local planning authority;

(b) if immediately before the structure plan comes into force it was under consideration by the Secretary of State be treated for those purposes as having been so adopted on being approved by the Secretary of State.

5. Where a structure plan is in force in any district, but no local plan is in force in that district, then, for any of the purposes of the Land Compensation Act 1961—

(a) the development plan or current development plan shall as

respects that district be taken as being whichever of the following plans gives rise to those assumptions as to the grant of planning permission which are more favourable to the owner of the land acquired, for that purpose, that is to say, the structure plan, so far as applicable to the district, and any alterations thereto, together with the Secretary of State’s notice of approval of the plan and alterations, and the old development plan ;

(b) land situated in an area defined in the current development plan as an area of comprehensive development shall be taken to be situated in whichever of the following areas leads to such assumptions as aforesaid, that is to say, any area wholly or partly within that district selected by the structure plan as an action area and the area so defined in the old development plan.

6. Subject to paragraph 7 of this Schedule, the Secretary of State may by order wholly or partly revoke a development plan continued in force under this Schedule whether in its application to the whole of the area of a local planning authority or in its application to part of that area and make such consequential amendments to the plan as appear to him to be necessary or expedient.

7. Before making an order with respect to a development plan under paragraph 6 of this Schedule, the Secretary of State shall consult with the local planning authority for the area to which the plan relates or, where the area is a London borough, with the council of that borough and the Greater London Council.

8. Any reference in the preceding provisions of this Schedule to a development plan shall as respects any district in Greater London, be construed as a reference to the initial development plan within the meaning of paragraph 8 of Schedule 5 to this Act, the Greater London development plan and any development plan prepared for the area consisting of or comprising that district by the council of the relevant London borough.

Sch. 7

SX 1965/1453 SX 1966/46.

1961 c. 33.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

2004 c. 78

Sen. 7 9. Any reference in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Schedule to the

repeal of Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act or paragraph 8 of that Schedule shall, in a case where that repeal is brought into force by an order under section 21 of this Act on different days, be construed as a reference to a repeal of such of the provisions of the said Part I or the said paragraph 8 as may be specified in the order.

10. In relation to any development plan continued in force by virtue of this Schedule, sections 242 and 244 of this Act shall have effect with the same substitutions as are specified in paragraphs 2 and 3 of Schedule 6 to this Act.

Sections 22, 43, SCHEDULE 8

164,169,180 and

278. Development not Constituting New Development

Part I

Development not Ranking for Compensation under s. 169

1. The carrying out of any of the following works, that is to say—

(a) the rebuilding, as often as occasion may require, of any

building which was in existence on the appointed day, or of any building which was in existence before that day but was destroyed or demolished after 7th January 1937, including the making good of war damage sustained by any such building;

(b) the rebuilding, as often as occasion may require, of any building erected after the appointed day which was in existence at a material date;

(c) the carrying out of works for the maintenance, improvement or other alteration of any building, being works which affect only the interior of the building, or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building and (in either case) are works for making good war damage,

so long as (in the case of works falling within any of the preceding sub-paragraphs) the cubic content of the original building is not exceeded—

(i) in the case of a dwellinghouse, by more than one-tenth or

1,750 cubic feet, whichever is the greater ; and

(ii) in any other case, by more than one-tenth.

2. The use as two or more separate dwellinghouses of any building which at a material date was used as a single dwellinghouse.

Part II

Development Ranking for Compensation under s. 169

3. The enlargement, improvement or other alteration, as often as occasion may require, of any such building as is mentioned in paragraph 1(a) or (b) of this Schedule, or any building substituted for

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2005

such a building by the carrying out of any such operations as are mentioned in that paragraph, so long as the cubic content of the original building is not increased or exceeded—

(a) in the case of a dwellinghouse, by more than one-tenth or

1.750 cubic feet, whichever is the greater ; and

(b) in any other case, by more than one-tenth.

4. The carrying out, on land which was used for the purposes of agriculture or forestry at a material date, of any building or other operations required for the purposes of that use, other than operations for the erection, enlargement, improvement or alteration of dwellinghouses or of buildings used for the purposes of market gardens, nursery grounds or timber yards or for other purposes not connected with general farming operations or with the cultivation or felling of trees.

5. The winning and working, on land held or occupied with land used for the purposes of agriculture, of any minerals reasonably required for the purposes of that use, including the fertilisation of the land so used and the maintenance, improvement or alteration of buildings or works thereon which are occupied or used for those purposes.

6. In the case of a building or other land which, at a material date, was used for a purpose falling within any general class specified in the Town and Country Planning (Use Classes for Third S.I Schedule Purposes) Order 1948, or which having been unoccupied on and at all times since the appointed day, was last used (otherwise than before 7th January 1937) for any such purpose, the use

of that building or land for any other purpose falling within the same general class.

7. In the case of any building or other land which, at a material date, was in the occupation of a person by whom it was used as to part only for a particular purpose, the use for that purpose of any additional part of the building or land not exceeding one-tenth of the cubic content of the part of the building used for that purpose on the appointed day, or on the day thereafter when the building began to be so used, or, as the case may be, one-tenth of the area of the land so used on that day.

8. The deposit of waste materials or refuse in connection with the working of minerals, on any land comprised in a site which at a material date was being used for that purpose, so far as may be reasonably required in connection with the working of those minerals.

9. Any reference in this Schedule to the cubic content of a building shall be construed as a reference to that content as ascertained by external measurement.

10. Where, after the appointed day, any buildings or works have been erected or constructed, or any use of land has been instituted,

Pt. Ill K

Sch. 8

Part HI Supplementary Provisions

2006

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 8 and any condition imposed under Part HI of this Act, limiting the period for which those buildings or works may be retained, or that use may be continued, has effect in relation thereto, this Schedule shall not operate except as respects the period specified in that condition.

11. For the purposes of paragraph 3 of this Schedule—

(a) the erection, on land within the curtilage of any such build-

ing as is mentioned in that paragraph, of an additional building to be used in connection with the original building shall be treated as the enlargement of the original building ; and

(b) where any two or more buildings comprised in the same

curtilage are used as one unit for the purposes of any institution or undertaking, the reference in that paragraph to the cubic content of the original building shall be construed as a reference to the aggregate cubic content of those buildings.

12. In this Schedule "at a material date*' means at either of the following dates, that is to say—

(a) the appointed day ; and

(b) the date by reference to which this Schedule falls to be applied in the particular case in question :

Provided that sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph shall not apply in relation to any buildings, works or use of land in respect of which, whether before or after the date mentioned in that sub-paragraph, an enforcement notice served before that date has become or becomes effective.

13. —(1) In relation to a building erected after the appointed day, being a building resulting from the carrying out of any such works as are described in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any reference in this Schedule to the original building is a reference to the building in relation to which those works were carried out and not to the building resulting from the carrying out of those works.

(2) This paragraph has effect subject to section 278(4) of this Act.

Sections 36, 88, 95, 97 and 103 and paragraph 8 of Schedule 11.

SCHEDULE 9

Determination of Certain Appeals bv Person Appointed by Secretary of Stath

Determination of appeals by appointed person

1.—(1) An appeal to which this Schedule applies, being an appeal of a prescribed class, shall, except in such classes of case as may for the time being be prescribed or as may be specified in directions given by the Secretary of State, be determined by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose instead of by the Secretary of State.

(2) Regulations made for the purpose of this paragraph may provide for the giving of publicity to any directions given by the Secretary of State under this paragraph.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2007

(3) This paragraph shall not affect any provision contained in this Act or any instrument thereunder that an appeal shall lie to, or a notice of appeal shall be served on, the Secretary of State.

Powers and duties of person determining appeal

2.—(1) A person appointed under this Schedule to determine an appeal shall have the like powers and duties in relation to the appeal as the Secretary of State under whichever are relevant of the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) in relation to appeals under section 36 subsections (3) and

(5) of that section ;

(b) in relation to appeals under section 88 subsections (4) to

(6) of that section;

(c) in relation to appeals under section 95 subsections (2) and

(3) of that section;

id) in relation to appeals under section 97 subsections (4) and

(5) of that section;

(e) in relation to appeals under section 103 sections 88(4) and

(5) of this Act;

(f) in relation to appeals under paragraph 8 of Schedule 11 to

this Act, sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph.

(2) The provisions of sections 36(4), 88(2), 95(4), 97(2) and paragraph 8(4) of Schedule 11 to this Act relating to the affording of an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State, shall not apply to an appeal which falls to be determined by a person appointed under this Schedule but before the determination of any such appeal the Secretary of State shall, unless (in the case of an appeal under section 36) the appeal is referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under section 48 of this Act, ask the applicant or appellant, as the case may require, and the local planning authority whether they wish to appear before and be heard by the person so appointed, and—

(a) the appeal may be determined without a hearing of the

parties if both of them express a wish not to appear and be heard as aforesaid; and

(b) the person so appointed shall, if either of the parties expresses

a wish to appear and be heard, afford to both of them an opportunity of so doing.

(3) Where an appeal to which this Schedule applies has been determined by a person appointed under this Schedule, his decision shall be treated as that of the Secretary of State and—

(a) except as provided by Part XII of this Act, the validity of

his decision shall not be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever;

(б) it shall not be a ground of application to the High Court under section 245 of this Act, or of appeal to the High Court under section 246 or 247 thereof, that the appeal ought to have been determined by the Secretary of State and not by that person, unless the challenge to the person’s

pt. m k 2

Sch. 9

2008

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 9

power to determine the appeal was made (either by the appellant or the local planning authority) before his decision on the appeal was given.

(4) Where in any enactment (including this Act) there is a reference to the Secretary of State in a context relating or capable of relating to an appeal to which this Schedule applies, or to any thing done or authorised or required to be done by, to or before the Secretary of State on or in connection with any such appeal, then so far as the context permits it shall be construed, in relation to an appeal determined or falling to be determined by a person appointed under this Schedule, as a reference to that person.

Determination of appeals by Secretary of State

3.—(1) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, direct that an appeal, which by virtue of paragraph 1 of this Schedule and apart from this sub-paragraph, falls to be determined by a person appointed by the Secretary of State shall instead be determined by the Secretary of State.

(2) A direction under this paragraph shall state the reasons for which it is given and shall be served on the person, if any, so appointed, the applicant or appellant, the local planning authority and any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 29(3)(a) of this Act.

(3) Where in consequence of a direction under this paragraph an appeal to which this Schedule applies falls to be determined by the Secretary of State, the provisions of this Act which are relevant to the appeal shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, apply to the appeal as if this Schedule had never applied to it.

(4) Where in consequence of a direction under this paragraph the Secretary of State determines an appeal himself, he shall, unless (in the case of an appeal under section 36) the appeal is referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under section 48 of this Act, afford to the applicant or appellant, the local planning authority and any person who has made any such representations as aforesaid an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for that purpose either—

(a) if the reasons for the direction raise matters with respect

to which either the applicant or appellant, or the local planning authority or any such person, have not made representations; or

(b) if the applicant or appellant or the local planning authority had not been asked in pursuance of paragraph 2(2) of this Schedule whether they wished to appear before and be heard by a person appointed to hear the appeal, or had been asked that question and had expressed no wish in answer thereto, or had expressed a wish to appear and be heard as aforesaid, but had not been afforded an opportunity of doing so.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2009

(5) Except as provided by sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph, where the Secretary of State determines an appeal in consequence of a direction under this paragraph he shall not be obliged to afford any person an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose, or of making fresh representations or making or withdrawing any representations already made; and in determining the appeal the Secretary of State may take into account any report made to him by any person previously appointed to determine it.

Appointment of another person to determine appeal

4.—(1) Where the Secretary of State has appointed a person to determine an appeal under this Schedule the Secretary of State may, at any time before the determination of the appeal, appoint another person to determine it instead of the first-mentioned person.

(2) If before the appointment of a person under this paragraph to determine an appeal, the Secretary of State had with reference to the person previously appointed, asked the question referred to in paragraph 2(2) of this Schedule, the question need not be asked again with reference to the person appointed under this paragraph and any answers to the question shall be treated as given with reference to him, but—

(a) the consideration of the appeal or any inquiry or other hearing in connection therewith, if already begun, shall be begun afresh; and

(b) it shall not be necessary to afford any person an opportunity of making fresh representations or modifying or withdrawing any representations already made.

Local inquiries and hearings

5.—(1) A person appointed under this Schedule to determine an appeal may (whether or not the parties have asked for an opportunity to appear and be heard) hold a local inquiry in connection with the appeal and shall hold such an inquiry if the Secretary of State directs him to do so.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, the costs—

(a) of any hearing held by virtue of paragraph 2(2 of this

Schedule; and

(b) of any inquiry held by virtue of this paragraph, shall be defrayed by the Secretary of State.

(3) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall apply in relation to an inquiry held under this paragraph as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of that section, with the substitution for references to a department (other than the first reference in subsection (4)) of references to the Secretary of State.

Pt. Ill K 3

Sch. 9

1933 c. 51.

2010

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch.9

1971 c. 62.

1967 c. 13.

Section 48.

Stopping of appeals

6. If before or during the determination of an appeal under section 36 of this Act which is to be or is being determined in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the Secretary of State forms the opinion mentioned in subsection (7) of that section, he may direct that the determination shall not be begun or proceeded with.

Supplementary provisions

7. —<1) The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 shall apply to a local inquiry or other hearing held in pursuance of this Schedule as it applies to a statutory inquiry held by the Secretary of State, but as if in section 12(1) of that Act (statement of reasons for decisions) the reference to any decision taken by the Secretary of State were a reference to a decision taken by a person appointed to determine the relevant appeal under this Schedule.

(2) The functions of determining an appeal and doing anything in connection therewith conferred by this Schedule on a person appointed to determine an appeal thereunder who is an officer of the Department of the Environment or the Welsh Office shall be treated for the purposes of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967—

(a)if he was appointed by the Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England, as functions of that Department; and

(b) if he was appointed by the Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to Wales, as functions of the Welsh Office.

SCHEDULE 10

Construction of References in Sections 48 and 49 to

" toe responsible Minister or Ministers "

1. In relation to matters specified in the first column of the Table below (being in each case a matter mentioned in subsection (l)(n), (h),

(c) or {d) of section 48 of this Act as one which may be referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under that section) 44 the responsible Minister or Ministers " for the purposes of sections 48 and 49 of this Act—

(a) in the case of a matter affecting England only, are those

specified opposite in the second column of the Table;

(b) in the case of a matter affecting Wales only, are those specified opposite in the third column of the Table; and

(c) in the case of a matter affecting both England and Wales,

are those specified opposite in the fourth column of the Table.

2. Where an entry in the second, third or fourth columns of the Table specifies two or more Ministers, that entry shall be construed as referring to those Ministers acting jointly.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2011

TABLE

Referred

matter

1. Application for planning permission or appeal under section 36 of this Act—

Affecting England only

Affecting Wales only

Affecting both England and Wales

(a) relating to land to which section 225(1) of this Act applies;

(6) relating to other land.

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and the appropriate Mimster (if different).

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England.

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to Wales and the appropriate Minister (if different).

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to Wales.

The Secretaries of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and in relation to Wales and the appropriate Minister (if different).

The Secretaries of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and in relation to Wales.

2. Proposal that a government department should give a direction under section 40 of this Act or that development should be carried out by or on behalf of a government department.

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned.

The Secretary of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to Wales and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned.

The Secretaries of State for the time being having general responsibility in planning matters in relation to England and in relation to Wales and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned.

SCHEDULE 11

Control of Works for Demolition, Alteration or Extension of Listed Buildings

Part I

Applications for Listed Building Consbnt

Form of application and effect of consent

1.—(1) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act with respect to the form and manner in which applications for listed building consent are to be made, the manner in which such applications are to be advertised and the time within which they are to be dealt with by local planning authorities or, as the case may be, by the Secretary of State.

Pt. Ill K 4

Sch. 10

Sections 56 and 58.

2012

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 11 (2) Any listed building consent shall (except in so far as it other-

wise provides) enure for the benefit of the building and of all persons for the time being interested therein.

2. —(1) Regulations under this Act may provide that an application for listed building consent, or an appeal against the refusal of such an application, shall not be entertained unless it is accompanied by a certificate in the prescribed form and corresponding to one or other of those described in section 27(l)(a) to (d) of this Act and any such regulations may—

(a) include requirements corresponding to sections 27(2) and (4)

and 29(3) of this Act; and

(b) make provision as to who, in the case of any building, is to be treated as the owner for the purposes of any provision of the regulations made by virtue of this sub-paragraph.

(2) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with the requirements of regulations made by virtue of this paragraph and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Directions as to manner of dealing with applications

3. The provisions of section 31(2) and (3) of this Act shall apply to an application for listed building consent for any works for the demolition, alteration or extension of a building in a conservation area as they apply to an application of the kind therein mentioned.

Reference of applications to Secretary of State or Greater London Council

4. —(1) The Secretary of State may give directions requiring applications for listed building consent to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by the local planning authority.

(2) A direction under this paragraph may relate either to a particular application, or to applications in respect of such buildings as may be specified in the direction.

(3) An application in respect of which a direction under this paragraph has effect shall be referred to the Secretary of State accordingly.

(4) Before determining an application referred to him under this paragraph, the Secretary of State shall, if either the applicant or the authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State.

(5) The decision of the Secretary of State on any application referred to him under this paragraph shall be final.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2013

5. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, a local planning authority (other than a London borough council) to whom application is made for listed building consent shall not grant such consent, unless they have notified the Secretary of State of the application (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and either—

(a) a period of twenty-eight days has expired, beginning with the date of the notification, without the Secretary of State having directed the reference of the application to him ; or (b) the Secretary of State has notified the authority that he does not intend to require the reference of the application.

(2) The Secretary of State may at any time before the said period expires give notice to the authority that he requires further time in which to consider whether to require the reference of the application to him and sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall then have effect with the substitution for a period of twenty-eight days of such longer period as may be specified in the Secretary of State’s notice.

6. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, where application for listed building consent is made to a local planning authority, being a London borough council, and the authority do not determine to refuse it, they shall notify the Greater London Council of the application (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and shall not grant such consent unless authorised or directed to do so under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph.

(2) On receipt of notification under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph the Greater London Council may either—

(a) authorise the local planning authority to grant or refuse the

application, as they think fit; or

(b) give them directions as to how they are to determine it.

(3) The Greater London Council shall not authorise the local planning authority as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2Xa) of this paragraph, nor under sub-paragraph (2)(b) of this paragraph direct them to grant listed building consent, unless the Council have notified the Secretary of State of the application made to the local planning authority (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and either—

(a) a period of twenty-eight days has expired, beginning with

the date of the notification, without the Secretary of State having directed the reference of the application to him ; or

(b) the Secretary of State has notified the Council that he does not intend to require the reference of the application.

(4) The Secretary of State may at any time before the said period of twenty-eight days expires give notice to the Council that he requires further time in which to consider whether to require the reference of the application to him and sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph shall then have effect with the substitution for the period of twenty-eight days of such longer period as may be specified in the Secretary of State’s notice.

SCH. 11

2014

c.7*

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 11 7.—(1) The Secretary of State may give directions that, in the case

of such descriptions of applications for listed building consent as he may specify, other than such consent tor the demolition of a building, paragraphs 5 and 6 of this Schedule shall not apply; and accordingly, so long as the directions are in force local planning authorities may determine applications of such descriptions in any manner they think fit, without notifying the Secretary of State or, as the case may be, the Greater London Council.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the Secretary of State may give directions to local planning authorities requiring them, in such cases or classes of case as may be specified in the directions, to notify to him and to such other persons as may be so specified any applications made to them for listed building consent, and the decisions taken by the authorities thereon.

Appeal against decision

8.—(1) Where an application is made to the local planning authority for listed building consent and the consent is refused by the authority or is granted by them subject to conditions, the applicant, if he is aggrieved by the decision, may by notice served in the prescribed manner within such period as may be prescribed, not being less than twenty-eight days from the receipt by him of notification of the decision, appeal to the Secretary of State.

(2) A person appealing under this paragraph may include in his notice thereunder, as the ground or one of the grounds of his appeal, a claim that the building is not of special architectural or historic interest and ought to be removed from any list compiled or approved by the Secretary of State under section 54 of this Act, or—

(a) in the case of a building to which subsection (10) of that section applies, that the Secretary of State should give a direction under that subsection with respect to the building ; or

(b) in the case of a building subject to a building preservation notice under section 58 of this Act, that the building should not be included in a list compiled or approved under the said section 54.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the Secretary of State may allow or dismiss an appeal thereunder, or may reverse or vary any part of the decision of the authority, whether the appeal relates to that part thereof or not, and—

(a) may deal with the application as if it had been made to him in the first instance ; and

(б) may, if he thinks fit, exercise his power under section 54 of

this Act to amend any list compiled or approved thereunder by removing from it the building to which the appeal relates or his power under subsection (10) of that section to direct that that subsection shall no longer apply to the building.

(4) Before determining an appeal under this paragraph, the Secretary of State shall, if either the applicant or the local planning

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2015

authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing See. 11 before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(5) The decision of the Secretary of State on any appeal under this paragraph shall be final.

(6) Schedule 9 to this Act applies to appeals under this paragraph.

Appeal in default of decision

9. Where an application is made to the local planning authority for listed building consent, then unless within the prescribed period from the date of the receipt of the application, or within such extended period as may at any time be agreed upon in writing between the applicant and the authority, the authority either—

(a) give notice to the applicant of their decision on the application ; or

(b) give notice to him that the application has been referred to the Secretary of State in accordance with directions given under paragraph 4 of this Schedule,

the provisions of paragraph 8 of this Schedule shall apply in relation to the application as if listed building consent had been refused by the authority and as if notification of their decision had been received by the applicant at the end of the prescribed period or at the end of the said extended period, as the case may be.

Part II

Revocation of Listed Building Consent

10. —(1) If it appears to the local planning authority, having regard to the development plan and to any other material considerations, that it is expedient to revoke or modify listed building consent in respect of any works to a building, being consent granted on an application made under Part I of this Schedule, the authority, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, may by order revoke or modify the consent to such extent as (having regard to those matters), they consider expedient.

(2) Except as provided in paragraph 12 of this Schedule, an order under this paragraph shall not take effect unless it is confirmed by the Secretary of State; and the Secretary of State may confirm any such order submitted to him either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient.

(3) Where a local planning authority submit an order to tho Secretary of State for confirmation under this paragraph, the authority shall serve notice on the owner and on the occupier of the building affected and on any other person who in their opinion will be affected by the order; and if within such period as may be specified in that notice (not being less than twenty-eight days after the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Secretary of State, before confirming the order, shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

2016

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. U

(4) The power conferred by this paragraph to revoke or modify listed building consent in respect of any works may be exercised at any time before those works have been completed, but the revocation or modification shall not affect so much of those works as has been previously carried out.

11. —(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State, after consultation with the local planning authority, to be expedient that an order under paragraph 10 of this Schedule should be made, he may give directions to the authority requiring them to submit to him such an order for his confirmation, or may himself make such an order; and any order so made by the Secretary of State shall have the like effect as if it had been made by the authority and confirmed by the Secretary of State under that paragraph.

(2) The provisions of paragraph 10 of this Schedule shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to any proposal by the Secretary of State to make such an order by virtue of this paragraph, in relation to the making thereof by the Secretary of State and in relation to the service of copies thereof as so made.

12. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect where the local planning authority have made an order under paragraph 10 of this Schedule but have not submitted the order to die Secretary of State for confirmation by him, and—

(a) the owner and occupier of the land and all persons who in

the authority's opinion will be affected by the order have notified the authority in writing that they do not object to the order; and

(b) it appears to the authority that no claim for compensation is likely to arise under section 172 of this Act on account of the order.

(2) The authority shall advertise in the prescribed manner the fact that the order has been made, and the advertisement shall specify—

(a) the period (not being less than twenty-eight days from the

date on which the advertisement first appears) within which persons affected by the order may give notice to the Secretary of State that they wish for an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose ; and

(b) the period (not being less than fourteen days from the expiration of the period referred to in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph) at the expiration of which, if no such notice is given to the Secretary of State, the order may take effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State.

(3) The authority shall also serve notice to the same effect on the persons mentioned in sub-paragraph (l)(n) of this paragraph, and the notice shall include a statement to the effect that no compensation is payable under section 172 of this Act in respect of an order under paragraph 10 of this Schedule which takes effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2017

(4) The authority shall send a copy of any advertisement published Sch. 11 under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph to the Secretary of State,

not more than three days after the publication.

(5) If within the period referred to in sub-paragraph (2)(j) of this paragraph no person claiming to be affected by the order has given notice to the Secretary of State as aforesaid and the Secretary of State has not directed that the order be submitted to him for confirmation, the order shall, at the expiration of the period referred to in sub-paragraph (2X6) of this paragraph, take effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Secretary of State as required by paragraph 10(2) of this Schedule.

(6) This paragraph does not apply to an order revoking or modifying a listed building consent granted by the Secretary of State.

Part HI

Provisions Applicable on Lapse of Building Preservation

Notice

13. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule apply where a budding preservation notice ceases to be in force by virtue of section 58(3) of this Act, otherwise than by reason of the building to which it relates being included in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of this Act

14. The fact that the building preservation notice has ceased to be in force shall not affect the liability of any person to be prosecuted and punished for an offence under section 55 or 98 of this Act committed by him with respect to the said building while the notice was in force.

15. Any proceedings on or arising out of an application for listed building consent made while the building preservation notice was in force shall lapse and any listed building consent granted with respect to the building, while the notice was in force, shall also lapse.

16. Any listed building enforcement notice served by the local planning authority while the building preservation notice was in force shall cease to have effect and any proceedings thereon under sections 96 and 97 of this Act shall lapse, but section 99(1) and (2) of this Act shall continue to have effect as respects any expenses incurred by the local authority, owner or occupier as therein mentioned and with respect to any sums paid on account of such expenses.

2018

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Section 83.

SCHEDULE 12

Officb Development in Metropolitan Rbgion: Planning Permission Granted before Passing of Act of 1965

Certain planning permissions treated as of no effect

1.—(1) Where before 5th August 1965 an application was made to the local planning authority for planning permission for develop* ment consisting of or including the erection on land in Greater London of a building containing office premises, or consisting of or including the extension of a building on land in Greater London by the addition of office premises, and on that application planning permission for such development was granted before that date, then, unless that planning permission was granted before 5th November 1964 and either—

(a) a building was before the said 5th November erected, or (as

the case may be) the building was before the said 5th November extended, in accordance with that planning permission; or

(b) a building contract was made before the said 5th November which specifically related to the land, or part of the land, in respect of which the planning permission was granted and which provided for the erection thereon of such a building, or the making of such an extension, in accordance with that planning permission,

the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall (except where sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph or paragraph 3 of this Schedule applies) have effect in relation to that planning permission.

(2) Where before 5th August 1965 an application was made to the local planning authority for planning permission—

(a) to carry out, on land in Greater London, development to

which these provisions apply, other than such development as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph ; or

(b) to carry out any development to which these provisions apply on land within the metropolitan region but outside Greater London,

ana on that application planning permission to carry out the development in question was granted before that date, then, unless the planning permission was granted before 5th November 1964, the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall (except where sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph applies) have effect in relation to that planning permission.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of this paragraph, the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall not have effect in relation to planning permission for any development if the office floor space to be created by that development does not exceed 3,000 square feet.

(4) Where in accordance with sub-paragraphs (1) to (3) of this paragraph the provisions of this sub-paragraph are to have effect in relation to planning permission granted for carrying out development

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

2019

c. 78

on land within the metropolitan region, then, subject to paragraph 2 of this Schedule—

(a) the planning permission shall by virtue of this paragraph be

deemed not to have effect so long as that land continues to be land within an area to which these provisions apply;

(b) for the purposes of Part V of this Act anything done before the passing of this Act, as well as anything done after the passing of this Act at a time when that land continues to be land within such an area, shall, in so far as (apart from this sub-paragraph) it was development authorised by that planning permission, be deemed to have been done without the grant of planning permission ; and

(c) for the purposes of section 75(3)(a) of this Act that planning

permission shall be disregarded

(5) Where in any proceedings (whether civil or criminal) it falls to be determined whether the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph have effect in relation to a grant of planning permission, and the question arises whether a building contract was made as mentioned in sub-paragraph (l)(b) of this paragraph, the burden of proving that a building contract was so made shall be on the party who alleges it.

Effect of grant of office development permit

2. —(1) Where, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, sub-paragraph (4)(a) and (b) of that paragraph have effect in relation to planning permission granted for carrying out development on land within the metropolitan region, and an office development permit in respect of that development is issued under these provisions, the said sub-paragraph (4Xn) and (b) shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation to that planning permission.

(2> Where planning permission for carrying out development on land within the metropolitan region having been granted before 5th August 1965, an office development permit in respect of that development is issued in the circumstances specified in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph and conditions are attached to that permit, the planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the office development permit, or (if any other conditions were imposed by the authority granting the permission) to have been granted subject to the conditions attached to the permit in addition to the other conditions.

(3) Section 82 of this Act shall have effect as if in subsection (5) the reference to sections 77 to 81 of this Act included a reference to this paragraph.

Mixed industrial and office development

3. Where before 5th August 1965 an application was made to the local planning authority for planning permission for development consisting of or including the erection on land in Greater London of a building containing office premises or consisting of or including the

Sch. 12

2020

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 12 extension of a building on land in Greater London by the addition of office premises together with other premises, and—

(a) in accordance with sections 38 and 39 of the Act of 1962 an

industrial development certificate was required for that development and such a certificate was issued in respect of it by the Board of Trade ; and

(b) planning permission for the development was granted before 5th November 1964,

then, notwithstanding that neither of the conditions specified in sub-paragraph (l)(n) and (b) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule is fulfilled, the provisions of sub-paragraph (4) of that paragraph shall not have effect in relation to that planning permission.

Enforcement notices

4.—(1) This paragraph applies to any enforcement notice which—

(a) relates to the carrying out of development consisting of or

including the erection or extension of a building on land in Greater London; and

(b) states that it is served on the grounds that, notwithstanding that planning permission for that development was granted before 5th August 1965, the development is by virtue of paragraph 1(4) of this Schedule deemed to have been carried out without the grant of planning permission.

(2) An enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies shall not be served except by the Secretary of State or in pursuance of directions given by the Secretary of State under section 276(5) of this Act.

(3) An enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies—

(a) may be served on any person who, in pursuance of a build-

ing contract to which he is a party, is engaged in carrying out operations for the erection or extension of the building in question, in addition to any other persons on whom (by virtue of section 87(4) of this Act) the notice is required or authorised to be served;

(b) may require any such operations to be discontinued forthwith, either instead of, or in addition to, any other steps which (in accordance with section 87(6Xb) and (7) of this Act) may be required by the notice to be taken.

(4) In so far as an enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies requires any operations to be discontinued forthwith—

(a) the notice, notwithstanding anything in section 87(8) of this Act, shall take effect immediately on its being served; and

(b) section 88(3) of this Act shall not apply to the notice ;

but nothing in this sub-paragraph shall affect the operation of section 87(8) or 88(3) of this Act in relation to such a notice in so far as the notice requires any other steps to be taken.

(5) An enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies shall specify a period (not being less than twenty-eight days after the

v^.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

service thereof) within which an appeal may be brought against the notice; and in relation to such a notice section 88(1) of this Act shall have effect with the substitution, for the words14 the period at the end of which it is to take effect ", of the words " the period within which an appeal may be brought against the notice."

(6) In relation to any enforcement notice to which this section applies, the grounds on which an appeal may be brought under section 88 of this Act shall not include those specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of that section, but shall include the grounds specified in sub-paragraph (7) of this paragraph; and the grounds specified in that sub-paragraph shall be deemed to be included among those mentioned in section 243(1 X^) of this Act.

(7) The grounds referred to in sub-paragraph (6) of this paragraph are the following—

(a) that the development to which the enforcement notice relates

does not consist of or include the erection on land in Greater London of a building containing office premises, or the extension of a building on land in Greater London by the addition of office premises ;

(b) that a building was erected before 5th November 1964, or (as the case may be) the building in question was before that date extended, in accordance with planning permission for the development to which the enforcement notice relates;

(c) that a building contract was made before that date which

specifically related to the land, or part of the land, in respect of which planning permission was granted for the development to which the enforcement notice relates and which provided for the erection thereon of such a building as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph, or for the making of such an extension as is mentioned in that paragraph, in accordance with that planning permission ;

(d) that the office floor space to be created by the development to which the enforcement notice relates does not exceed 3,000 square feet;

(e) that an industrial development certificate was required for development consisting of or including the development to which the enforcement notice relates and that such a certificate was issued in respect of it by the Board of Trade.

(8) Where an enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies requires any operations to be discontinued, any person on whom the notice has been served who continues those operations, or causes or permits them to be continued, in contravention of the notice shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(9) If, after a person has been convicted of an offence under sub-paragraph (8) of this paragraph, he further continues the operations (whether immediately or after an interval) in contravention of the notice, or causes or permits them to be so continued, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not

2021 Sch. 12

2022

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 12 exceeding £20 for each day on which he so continues the operations or causes or permits them to be so continued.

(10) Where an enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies has been served, and either of the following events occurs, that is to say—

(a) an office development permit is issued in respect of the development to which the notice relates ; or

(b) planning permission for any development of the land to which the notice relates is granted authorising (either unconditionally or subject to conditions) the operations to which the notice relates to be continued,

the enforcement notice shall not have effect in so far as it would prevent or restrict the doing of anything after that event occurs.

Power to require information as to building contracts

5.—(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that, in accordance with planning permission granted before 5th November 1964, operations for the erection on land in Greater London of a building containing office premises, or for the extension of a building on land in Greater London by the addition of office premises, have been begun on or after that date (whether before or after the passing of this Act) or had been begun but not completed before that date or are about to begin, and no office development permit in respect of the erection or extension of that building has been issued, the Secretary of State may serve on any person who is—

(a) the applicant on whose application the planning permission

was granted; or

(b) the owner of the land ; or

(c) the person canying out or about to carry out the operations,

a notice under this paragraph requiring him to furnish to the

Secretary of State such information, and to produce for examination on behalf of the Secretary of State documents in that person’s custody or under his control of any such description, as may be specified in the notice for the purpose of enabling the Secretary of State to ascertain whether a building contract for the erection or extension of the building was made before 5th November 1964 and who is the owner of the land.

(2) A notice under this paragraph may require the information to which it relates to be furnished within such time as may be specified in the notice, and may require the documents to which it relates to be produced at such time and place as may be so specified:

Provided that the time specified in such a notice for furnishing any information or producing any document shall not be earlier than the end of the period of twenty-eight days after the service of the notice.

(3) If any person on whom a notice is served under this paragraph fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a requirement imposed

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

by the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 ; and if any such person—

(a) in furnishing any information required by the notice, makes

a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular; or

(b) produces for examination in accordance with the notice a document which to his knowledge has been wilfully falsified,

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both, or on conviction on indictment to a fine or imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

Planning permission to retain buildings or continue use of land

6.—(1) In relation to any planning permission granted before 5th August 1965 in accordance with section 32(2) of this Act (in this section referred to as a " section 32 permission ") relating to land within the metropolitan region, where the circumstances are such that any of the provisions specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph would have had effect in relation thereto if it had been a corresponding grant of planning permission for development, those provisions shall have effect as if it had been a corresponding grant of planning permission for development

(2) The provisions referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are paragraphs 1, 2(1), 4 and 5 of this Schedule ; and in that sub-paragraph ‘‘corresponding grant of planning permission for development*, in relation to a section 32 permission, means a grant of planning permission to construct or carry out the building or works, or to institute the use of land, of which the section 32 permission authorises the retention or continuance or (as the case may be) authorises the retention or continuance without complying with a condition previously imposed.

Planning permission where no office development permit required

7.—(1) This paragraph applies to any planning permission granted on or after 5th November 1964 but before 5th August 1965 for the erection of a building on land within the metropolitan region where either the erection of that building is not development to which these provisions apply or it is such development but no office development permit is required for it.

(2) Any planning permission to which this paragraph applies shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the following condition (in addition to any other conditions imposed by the authority granting the permission), that is to say, that the use of the building, whether as originally erected or as subsequently extended or altered, shall be restricted so that (whether in consequence of a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate office floor space which exceeds 3,000 square feet

2023 Sch. 12

2024

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.12 (3) Section 82 of this Act shall have effect as if in subsection (5) the reference to sections 77 to 81 of this Act included a reference to this paragraph. (4) For the purposes of this paragraph " office premises " has the meaning assigned by section 73(4) of this Act

Section 85. SCHEDULE 13 Office Development: Metropolitan Region Outside Greater London 1. In Bedfordshire— the borough of Dunstable, the urban district of Leighton-Linslade, the rural district of Luton. 2. In Berkshire— the boroughs of Maidenhead, New Windsor and Wokingham, the rural districts of Bradfield, Cookham, Easthampstead, Windsor and Wokingham. 3. In Buckinghamshire— the boroughs of Aylesbury, High Wycombe and Slough, the urban districts of Beaconsfield, Bletchley, Chesham, Eton, and Marlow, the rural districts of Amersham, Aylesbury, Eton, Wing and Wycombe. 4. In Essex— the borough of Chelmsford, the urban districts of Basildon. Benfleet, Brentwood, Canvey Island, Epping, Harlow, Rayleigh, Thurrock, Waltham Holy Cross and Chigwell, the rural districts of Chelmsford, Epping and Ongar and Rochford. 5. In Hampshire— the borough of Aldershot, the urban districts of Famborough and Fleet, the rural district of Hartley Wintney. 6. The administrative county of Hertfordshire. 7. In Kent— the boroughs of Chatham, Dartford, Gravesend, Gillingham, Maidstone, Rochester and Royal Tunbridge Wells, the urban districts of Northfleet, Sevenoaks, Southborough, Swanscombe and Tonbridge, the rural districts of Dartford, Maidstone, Mailing, Sevenoaks, Strood and Tonbridge.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2025

8. In Oxfordshire—

the borough of Henley-on-Thames, the rural district of Henley.

9. The administrative county of Surrey.

10. In East Sussex—

the urban districts of Burgess Hill, Cuckfield and East Grinstead,

the rural districts of Cuckfield and Uckfield.

11. In West Sussex—

the urban districts of Crawley and Horsham, the rural district of Horsham.

12. The county borough of Luton.

13. The county borough of Reading.

14. The county borough of Southend-on-Sea.

SCHEDULE 14 Provisions as to Established use Certificates

Application for certificate and appeal against refusal thereof

1. An application for an established use certificate shall be made in such manner as may be prescribed by a development order, and shall include such particulars, and be verified by such evidence, as may be required by such an order or by any directions given thereunder, or by the local planning authority or, in the case of an application referred to the Secretary of State, by him.

2. Provision may be made by a development order for regulating the manner in which applications for established use certificates are to be dealt with by local planning authorities, and, in particular—

(a) for requiring the authority to give to any applicant for such

a certificate, within such time as may be prescribed by the order, such notice as may be so prescribed as to the manner in which his application has been dealt with ;

(b) for requiring the authority to give to the Secretary of State and to such other persons as may be prescribed by or under the order, such information as may be so prescribed with respect to applications for such certificates made to the authority, including information as to the manner in which any such application has been dealt with.

3. —(i) a development order may provide that an application for an established use certificate, or an appeal against the refusal of such an application, shall not be entertained unless it is

Sch. 13

Section 94.

2026

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 14

Section 138.

accompanied by a certificate in such form as may be prescribed by the order and corresponding to one or other of those described in section 27(1 X^) to (d) of this Act; and any such order may—

(a) include requirements corresponding to section 27(2), (3) and

(4), and section 29(3) of this Act; and

(b) make provision as to who, in the case of any land, is to be

treated as the owner for the purposes of any provision of the order made by virtue of this sub-paragraph.

(2) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with any provision of a development order made by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Provisions with respect to grant of certificate

4. An established use certificate shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a development order and shall specify—

(u) the land to which the certificate relates and any use thereof which is certified by the certificate as established;

(b) by reference to the paragraphs of section 94(1) of this Act, the grounds on which that use is so certified; and

(c) the date on which the application for the certificate was

made, which shall be the date at which the use is certified as established.

5. Where the Secretary of State grants an established use certificate, he shall give notice to the local planning authority of that fact.

6. In section 34 of this Act references to applications for planning permission shall include references to applications for established use certificates; and the information which may be prescribed as being required to be contained in a register kept under that section shall include information with respect to established use certificates granted by the Secretary of State.

SCHEDULE 15 Adjustment of Claim Holdings

Part I

Adjustment of Claim Holdings Pledged to Central Land Board as Security for Development Charges

l.-y-(l) In this Part of this Schedule references to the pledging of a claim holding to the Central Land Board are references to any transaction whereby—

(a) the holder of the claim holding mortgaged it to the Central Land Board as security, or part of the security, for on© or more development charges determined, or thereafter to be determined, by the Board ; or

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2027

(b) the holder and the Central Land Board agreed that a development charge determined by the Board should be set off against any payment which might thereafter become payable to the holder by reference to that holding; or

(c) the Central Land Board refrained from determining a development charge, which would otherwise have fallen to be determined by them, in consideration of a mortgage of the holding, with or without other claim holdings.

(2) All pledges of claim holdings to the Central Land Board made by the same person, whether or not made at the same time, other than any pledge to which paragraph 2(1) of this Schedule applies, shall for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule be treated collectively as a single pledge made at the time when the last of those pledges was made.

(3) Where a development charge covered by a pledge to the Central Land Board was determined in respect of land consisting of, or forming part of, the area of a claim holding—

(a) which was not comprised in the pledge ; but

(b) whose holder immediately before the time of completion was the person who would, apart from the pledge, have been liable to pay the unpaid balance of the development charge,

then, for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, that claim holding shall be deemed to have been comprised in the pledge.

(4) In this Part of this Schedule references to the determination of a development charge in respect of any land are references to a determination of the Central Land Board that the charge was payable in respect of the carrying out of operations in, on, over or under that land, or in respect of the use of that land.

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule the amount of a development charge—

(a) in a case where the Central Land Board determined that

amount as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of that payment; and

(b) in a case where the Board determined that amount otherwise than as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of the single capital payment which would have been payable if the Board had determined the amount as such a payment;

and references in this Part of this Schedule to the unpaid balance of a development charge are references to the amount of the charge, if no sum was actually paid to the Board on account of the charge, or if any sum was so paid, are references to the amount of the charge reduced by the amount or aggregate amount of the sum or sums so paid, other than any sum paid by way of interest

Sch. 15

2028

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch. 15 (6) In relation to the pledging of a claim holding to the Central

Land Board, references in this Part of this Schedule to a development charge covered by the pledge are references to a development charge the payment of which was secured, or partly secured, by the pledge, or, as the case may be, which was agreed to be set off against any payment which might become payable by reference to that claim holding.

(7) References in this Part of this Schedule to a mortgage of a claim holding do not include a mortgage which was subsequently discharged.

2. —(1) Where a claim holding was pledged to the Central Land Board in accordance with the special arrangements relating to owners of single house plots, that claim holding shall, subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, be deemed to have been extinguished as from the time when it was pledged to the Board.

(2) Where a claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred to as " the original holding ") was pledged as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph but was so pledged by reference to a plot of land which did not extend to the whole of the area of the original holding, that sub-paragraph shall not apply, but there shall be deemed to have been substituted for the original holding, as from the time of the pledge, a claim holding with an area consisting of so much of the area of the original holding as was not comprised in that plot of land, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the original holding which then attached to so much of the area of the original holding as was not comprised in that plot.

3. Without prejudice to paragraph 2 of this Schedule, where a pledge to the Central Land Board comprised one or more claim holdings, and the unpaid balance of the development charge covered by the pledge, or (if more than one) the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the development charges so covered, was equal to or greater than the value of the claim holding, or the aggregate value of the claim holdings, as the case may be, the holding or holdings shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the time of the pledge.

4. Where a pledge to the Central Land Board comprised only a single claim holding with an area of which every part either consisted of, or formed part of, the land in respect of which some development charge covered by the pledge was determined, and paragraph 3 of this Schedule does not apply, the value of that claim holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, as from the time of the pledge, by the unpaid balance of the development charge covered by the pledge, or (if more than one) by the aggregate of the unpaid balances of all the development charges covered by the pledge.

5. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in the case of a pledge of one or more claim holdings to the Central Land Board to which neither paragraph 3 nor paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2029

(2) Any claim holding comprised in the pledge with an area of which every part either consisted of, or formed part of, the land in respect of which some development charge covered by the pledge was determined shall be allocated to the development charge in question, or (if more than one) to those development charges collectively.

(3) Any claim holding comprised in the pledge with an area part of which did, and part of which did not, consist of, or form part of, such land as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall be treated as if, at the time of the pledge, the claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred to as " the parent holding ") had been divided into two separate claim holdings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of so much of the area of the parent holding as consisted of, or formed part of, such land as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to that part of the area of the parent holding; and

(b) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the residue of the area of the parent holding,

and the claim holding referred to in head (a) of this sub-paragraph shall be allocated to the development charge in question, or (if more than one) to those development charges collectively.

(4) Paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall then apply in relation to each claim holding (if any) allocated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) or sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph to any development charge, or to any development charges collectively, as if the pledge had comprised only that claim holding and had covered only that development charge or those development charges.

(5) If, after the application of the preceding provisions of this paragraph, there remains outstanding any claim holding not allocated in accordance with those provisions, or any claim holding which (having been so allocated) is deemed to have been reduced in value but not extinguished, an amount equal to the aggregate of—

(a) the unpaid balance of any development charge covered by the pledge to which no claim holding was so allocated; and

(b) the amount (if any) by which the value of any claim holding

so allocated which is deemed to have been extinguished falls short of the unpaid balance of the development charge, or the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the development charges, to which it was so allocated.

Sch. 15

2030

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch. 15 shall be treated as having been deducted from the value of the claim holding so remaining outstanding, or (if more than one) as having been deducted rateably from the respective values of those claim holdings, and the value of any such holding shall be deemed to have been reduced accordingly as from the time of the pledge.

Part n

Adjustment by Reference to Payments in Respect of War-Damaged Land

6. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where a payment under the scheme has become, or becomes payable in respect of an interest in land, and a claim holding related (or would, apart from this Part of this Schedule, have related) to the like interest in the whole or part of that land, with or without any other land.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule " the scheme " means the scheme made under section 59 of the Act of 1947, "the date of the scheme" means 12th December 1949, and "payment under the scheme " means a payment which has become, or becomes, payable by virtue of the scheme.

(3) In relation to any payment under the scheme "the payment area", in this Part of this Schedule, means the land in respect of which the payment became or becomes payable, and references to the amount of the payment shall be construed as references to the principal amount thereof, excluding any interest payable thereon in accordance with section 65(3) of the Act of 1947.

7. If the payment area is identical with the area of the claim holding, then—

(a) in the case of a payment of an amount equal to the value of the claim holding, the claim holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the date of the scheme;

(b) in the case of a payment of an amount less than the value of the claim holding, the value of the claim holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, as from the date of the scheme, by the amount of the payment.

8. —(1) If the payment area forms part of the area of the claim holding, the holding (in this paragraph referred to as "the parent holding") shall be treated, as from the date of the scheme, as having been divided into two claim holdings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of that part of the area of the parent holding which constituted the payment area, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which attached to that part of the area of the parent holding ; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2031

(b) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which attached to the residue of the area of the parent holding.

(2) Where sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies, paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to die claim holding referred to in sub-paragraph (l)(a) of this paragraph as if it were the parent holding.

9. If the payment area includes the area of the claim holding together with other land, paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall apply as if—

(a) the payment area had been identical with the area of the claim holding; but

(b) the amount of the payment had been so much of the actual amount thereof, as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to the area of the claim holding if, under the scheme, the authority determining the amount of the payment had been required (in accordance with the same principles as applied to the determination of that amount) to apportion it between the area of the claim holding and the rest of the payment area.

10. If the payment area includes part of the area of the claim holding together with other land not comprised in the area of the claim holding—

(a) paragraph 8 of this Schedule shall apply as if the part of the

payment area comprised in the area of the claim holding had been the whole of the payment area ; and

(b) paragraph 9 of this Schedule shall apply as if the part of the area of the claim holding comprised in the payment area had been the whole of the area of the claim holding.

Part in

Adjustment in cases of Partial Disposition of Claim Holdings

11. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where, by virtue of a disposition of part of the benefit of an established claim, not being a mortgage made otherwise than by way of assignment (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " the relevant disposition "), different persons became entitled to different parts of the benefit of that established claim.

12. As from the date of the relevant disposition, each of those different parts shall be treated as having constituted a separate claim holding.

13. The area and value of any such separate claim holding at any time after the relevant dispositon shall be taken to have been such as may, in the requisite manner, be or have been determined to be just and appropriate in all the circumstances.

Sch. 15

2032

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 15 14. In paragraph 13 of this Schedule the reference to determination

in the requisite manner of the area and value of a claim holding is a reference to the determination thereof on the occasion of an apportionment affecting that holding which fell or falls to be made for any of the purposes of the Act of 1954, of Part VI of the Act of 1962 or Schedule 5 thereto, of Part VII of this Act or of this Schedule, being a determination made—

(a) by the authority making that apportionment; or

(b) where, under the Act of 1954, Part VI of the Act of 1962

or Part VII of this Act, that authority’s findings were or are referred to the Lands Tribunal, by that Tribunal.

having regard in particular to the principles mentioned in paragraph 15 of this Schedule.

15.—(1) The said principles are those set out in the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) The aggregate of the values of all claim holdings representing parts of the benefit of the same established claim must not exceed the amount of the established claim.

(3) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, where a claim holding representing part only of the benefit of an established claim was pledged to the Central Land Board, otherwise than as mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, and by virtue of Part I of this Schedule the value of that claim holding is deemed to have been reduced by reference to an amount due by way of development charge, the value of that holding at the time of the pledge is not to be taken to have been less than the amount credited for the purposes of the pledge by reference to the holding.

(4) In the case of the claim holding representing the part of the benefit of an established claim which was the subject of the relevant disposition, if it was not a claim holding to which sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph applies—

(a) the area of that claim holding is to be taken to be the claim

area of that established claim, less the area of any claim holding to which the said sub-paragraph (5) applies which represents part of the benefit of the same established claim; and

(b) the value of the claim holding immediately after the relevant disposition is, subject to sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of this paragraph, to be taken to have been that part of the amount of the established claim to which the holder purported to become entitled under the terms of the relevant disposition.

(5) Where any person who was entitled to a claim holding representing part only of the benefit of an established claim—

(a) at any time while so entitled was also entitled to the interest in land to which the established claim related in so far as •that interest subsisted in part only of the claim area; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

c.78

2033

( [b) became entitled to both that holding and that interest in such circumstances that the authority making the apportionment in question or the Lands Tribunal, as the case may be, were or are satisfied that the holding and the interest were intended to relate to one another, the area of that claim holding is to be taken to be that part of the claim area, and the value of the holding immediately after the relevant disposition (however that or any other disposition affecting the holding was expressed, but subject to sub-paragraphs (2) to (4) of this paragraph) is to be taken to have been an amount equal to so much of the amount of the established claim as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to that part of the claim area if the authority determining the amount of that established claim had been required to apportion it, in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination, between that part and the residue of the claim area.

16. Paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule as it applies for the purposes of Part I thereof.

Part IV

Adjustment in Rbspect of Payments, under Part I of Act of 1954

17. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where, by virtue of Part I of the Act of 1954, a payment became or becomes payable in respect of a claim holding.

18. Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, if either—

(a) the principal amount of the payment was or is not less than the value of the claim holding ; or

(b) the payment (whatever its amount) became or becomes payable under Case D (that is to say, by virtue of section 8 of the Act of 1954, which related to cases where a claim holding had been disposed of for valuable consideration),

the claim holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished; and if the principal amount of the payment (not being a payment under Case D) was or is less than the value of the claim holding, the value of that holding shall be deemed to have been reduced by the principal amount of the payment.

19. Paragraph 18 of this Schedule shall apply where two or more payments under Part I of the Act of 1954 were or are payable in respect of the same claim holding, with the substitution, for references to the principal amount of the payment, of references to the aggregate of the principal amounts of the payments.

20. —(1) Where one or more relevant acts or events have occurred in relation to a claim holding (in this paragraph referred to as " the parent holding*) and any such act or event did not extend to the whole of the area of the parent holding, then, for the purposes of the

Sea, 15

2034

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 15 preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, and for the purposes of Part V of this Schedule and of Part VII of this Act—

( a)) the parent holding shall be treated as having been divided immediately before the time of completion, into as many separate claim holdings, with such areas, as may be necessary to ensure that, in the case of each holding, either any relevant act or event extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof or no relevant act or event extended to the area of that holding;

(b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively shall be taken to have been that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the part of the area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding; and

(c) the portion of the amount of any payment under Part I of the Act of 1954 which, by the authority determining that amount, was or is apportioned to the area of any of the separate claim holdings shall be taken to have been a payment payable under the said Part I in respect of that claim holding.

(2) In this paragraph "relevant act or event", in relation to a claim holding, means an act or event whereby, in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Act of 1954, one or more payments became or become payable in respect of that claim holding.

21. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule—

(a) a payment shall be treated as having become payable notwithstanding that the right to receive the payment was extinguished by section 14(2) of the Act of 1954 (which enabled the Central Land Board to set off payments against liabilities in respect of development charges);

(b) any reduction of the principal amount of a payment by virtue of that subsection shall be disregarded; and

(c) where in accordance with subsection (3) of section 14 or subsection (6) of section 58 of the Act of 1954 (which provided for cases of failure to apply for a payment within the appropriate period) an amount was determined as being the principal amount of a payment to which a person would have been entitled as mentioned in those subsections respectively, that payment shall be treated as if it had become due and as if the principal amount thereof had been the amount so determined.

22. —(1) Where in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule a claim holding is deemed to have been extinguished or the value of a claim holding is deemed to to have been reduced, the extinguishment or reduction, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have had effect immediately before the time of completion.

(2) References in this Part of this Schedule to the value of a claim holding are references to the value thereof immediately before the time of completion.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2035

Part V

Sch. 15

Adjustment in Respect of Compensation under Part V of Act

of 1954

23. Where compensation under Part V of the Act of 1954 became or becomes payable by reference to a claim holding, then (subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule) for the purposes of Part VII of this Act—

(a) if the principal amount of the compensation was or is equal to the value of the claim holding at the time of completion (ascertained apart from this Part of this Schedule) the claim holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished immediately before that time;

{b) if the principal amount of the compensation was or is less than die value of the claim holding at that time (ascertained apart from this Part of this Schedule) the value of the claim holding shall be deemed to have been reduced immediately before that time by the principal amount of the compensation.

24. Where compensation became or becomes payable as mentioned in paragraph 23 of this Schedule, and at any time an amount became or becomes recoverable in respect thereof under section 29 of the Act of 1954, as applied by section 46 of that Act, or under section 159 of this Act as applied by Schedule 24 to this Art to compensation under Part V of the Act of 1954, then, for the purposes of Part VII of this Act, paragraph 23 of this Schedule shall have effect as from that time as if the principal amount of that compensation had been reduced by a sum equal to seven-eighths of the amount which so became or becomes recoverable.

25. Where, in the case of a claim holding (in this paragraph referred to as "the parent holding"), compensation under Part V of the Act of 1954 became or becomes payable in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land by one or more planning decisions or orders, and any such decision or order did not extend to the whole of the area of the parent holding, then, both for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule and for the purposes of Part VII of this* Art—

(a) the parent holding shall be treated as having been divided immediately before the time of completion into as many separate claim holdings, with such areas, as may be necessary to ensure that, in the case of each holding, either any such decision or order extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof or no such decision or order extended to the area of that holding;

( b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively shall be taken to have been that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the part of the area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding; and

2036

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 15

Section 141.

(c) the portion of the amount of any such compensation which, by the authority determining that amount, was or is apportioned to the area of any of the separate claim holdings shall be taken to have been compensation payable under Part V of the Act of 1954 in respect of that claim holding.

Part VI Supplementary Provisions

26. Where in accordance with any of the provisions of this Schedule a part of the benefit of an established claim constituted a separate claim holding, the interest in land to which that claim holding related—

(a) if the established claim related to the fee simple of the claim area, shall be taken to have been the fee simple of the area of the claim holding;

(b) if the established claim related to a leasehold interest, shall be taken to have been that leasehold interest in so far as it subsisted in the area of the claim holding.

27. Where in accordance with any of the provisions of this Schedule a claim holding (in this paragraph referred to as "the parent holding ") is to be treated as divided into two or more claim holdings, a person who was the holder of one of those holdings shall be treated as having been the holder thereof at any time when he was the holder of the parent holding.

28. Expressions used in this Schedule and in Part VII of this Act have the same meanings in this Schedule as in that Part of this Act.

29. In this Schedule " the holder ", in relation to a claim holding, means the person for the time being entitled to the holding, or, in the case of a holding subject to a mortgage made otherwise than by way of assignment, means the person who would for the time being have been entitled to the holding if it had not been mortgaged, and " the time of completion " means the time when, in accordance with section 138 of Ibis Act, the adjustment of claim holdings is deemed to have been completed.

SCHEDULE 16

Calculation of Value of Previous Development of Land

1. Where for the purposes of section 141 of this Act the value of any development initiated before a time referred to in that section has to be ascertained with reference to that time, the value of the development shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

2. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the value shall be calculated by reference to prices current at the time in question—

(a) as if the development had not been initiated, but the land had remained in the state in which it was immediately before the development was initiated; and

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2037

(b) on the assumption that (apart from the provisions of Part Sch. 16

in of this Act, the provisions of Part ffl of the Act of 1962 or the provisions of the Act of 1947, as the case may be) the development could at that time lawfully be carried out,

and shall be taken to be the difference between the value which in those circumstances the land would have had at that time if planning permission for that development had been granted unconditionally immediately before that time' and die value which in those circumstances the land would have had at that time if planning permission for that development had been applied for and refused immediately before that time, and it could be assumed that planning permission for that development, and any other new development of that land, would be refused on any subsequent application.

3. If the development involved the clearing of any land, the reference in paragraph (2Xu) of this Schedule to the state of the land immediately before the development shall be construed as a reference to the state of the land immediately after the clearing thereof but before the carrying out of any other operations.

4. -—(l) If the development was initiated in pursuance of planning permission granted subject to conditions, paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall apply as if the reference to the granting of permission unconditionally were a reference to the granting of permission subject to the like conditions.

(2) If the permission referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph was granted subject to conditions which consisted of, or included, a requirement expressed by reference to a specified period, the reference in that sub-paragraph to the like conditions shall be construed, in relation to the condition imposing that requirement, as a reference to a condition imposing the like requirement in respect of a period of like duration beginning at the time in question.

5. In the application of the preceding provisions of this Schedule to development initiated, but not completed, before the time in question, references to permission for that development shall be construed as references to permission for so much of that development as had been carried out before that time.

SCHEDULE 17 Section 142.

Apportionment of Unexpended Balance of Established Development Value

Determination of relevant area

1.—(1) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which section 142 of this Act applies, any area of the relevant land which, immediately before the relevant date, has an unexpended balance of established development value does not satisfy the conditions set out in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, that area shall

Pt. m L

2038

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 17 be treated as divided into as many separate areas as may be requisite to ensure that each of those separate areas satisfies those conditions.

(2) The conditions referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are—

(a) that all the interests (other than excepted interests) subsisting in die area in question subsist in the whole of that area; and

(b) that any rentcharge charged on that area is charged on the whole of it.

(3) Any area of the relevant land which has an unexpended balance of established development value and which complies with the conditions set out in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph is in this Schedule referred to, in relation to the interests subsisting therein, as "the relevant area", and the subsequent provisions of this Schedule shall have effect separately in relation to each relevant area.

Preliminary calculations

2. There shall be calculated the amount referable to the relevant area of the rent which might reasonably be expected to be reserved if the relevant land were to be let on terms prohibiting the carrying out of any new development but permitting the carrying out of any other development; and the amount so calculated is in this Schedule referred to as " the existing use rent

3. —(1) If, in the case of an interest in fee simple which is subject to a rentcharge, or in the case of a tenancy, so much of the rent reserved under the rentcharge or tenancy as is referable to the relevant area exceeds the existing use rent, there shall be calculated the capital value of the right to receive, for the period of the remainder of the term of the rentcharge or tenancy, an annual payment equal to the excess ; and any amount so calculated in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as " the rental liability " of that interest.

(2) Where the interest in fee simple is subject to more than one rentcharge, then, for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, in relation to any period included in the term of two or more of those rentcharges, those two or more rentcharges shall be treated as a single rentcharge charged on the relevant area for the duration of that period, with a rent reserved thereunder of an amount equal to the aggregate of so much of their respective rents as is referable to the relevant area.

4. In the case of any interest in reversion—

(a) there shall be calculated the capital value, as at the time immediately before the relevant date, of the right to receive a sum equal to the unexpended balance of established development value of the relevant area at that time, but payable at the end of the tenancy upon the termination of

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2039

which the interest in question is immediately expectant; and the amount so calculated in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as " the reversionary development value " of that interest;

(b) if so much of the rent reserved under the said tenancy as is referable to the relevant area exceeds the existing use rent, there shall also be calculated the capital value as at the said time of the right to receive, for the period of the remainder of the term of that tenancy, an annual payment equal to the excess; and any amount so determined in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as "the rental increment " of that interest.

Apportionment of unexpended balance between interests

5. Where two or more interests (other than excepted interests) subsist in the relevant area, the portion of the unexpended balance of established development value of the relevant area attributable to each of those interests respectively shall be taken to be the following, that is to say—

(a)in the case of the interest in fee simple, an amount equal to the reversionary development value of that interest, less the amount (if any) by which any rental liability of that interest exceeds any rental increment thereof;

(b) in the case of a tenancy in reversion, an amount equal to the reversionary development value of that tenancy, less the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of that tenancy ; and

(ii) the amount (if any) by which any rental liability of that tenancy exceeds any rental increment thereof;

(c) in the case of a tenancy other than a tenancy in reversion,

the remainder (if any) of the said balance after the deduction of the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of that tenancy ; and

(ii) any rental liability of that tenancy.

Application of Schedule to past acquisitions

6. In relation to any compulsory acquisition to which section 142 of this Act applies, where the relevant date was a date before the commencement of this Act, the preceding provisions of this Schedule shall have effect with the necessary modifications.

Interpretation

7. In this Schedule—

(a) "the relevant land ", in relation to a compulsory acquisition to which section 142 of this Act applies, means the land in which the interest acquired subsisted or subsists;

Pt. Ill L 2

Sch. 17

2040

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

(b) " tenancy " does not include an excepted interest;

(c) any reference to an interest or tenancy in reversion does not include an interest or tenancy in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of an excepted interest;

id) "the relevant date" and "excepted interest" have the same meanings as in section 142 of this Act; and

(e) other expressions have the same meanings as in Part VII of this Act.

SCHEDULE 18

Condition Treated as Applicable to Rebuilding and Alterations

1. Where the building to be rebuilt or altered is the original building, the amount of gross floor space in the building as rebuilt or altered which may be used for any purpose shall not exceed by more than ten per cent, the amount of gross floor space which was last used for that purpose in the original building.

2. Where the building to be rebuilt or altered is not the original building, the amount of gross floor space in the building as rebuilt or altered which may be used for any purpose shall not exceed the amount of gross floor space which was last used for that purpose in the building before the rebuilding or alteration.

3. In determining under this Schedule the purpose for which floor space was last used in any building, no account shall be taken of any use in respect of which an effective enforcement notice has been or could be served or, in the case of a use which has been discontinued, could have been served immediately before the discontinuance.

4. For the purposes of this Schedule gross floor space shall be ascertained by external measurement; and where different parts of a building are used for different purposes, floor space common to those purposes shall be apportioned rateably.

5. In relation to a building erected after the appointed day, being a building resulting from the carrying out of any such works as are described in paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 to this Act, any reference in this Schedule to the original building is a reference to the building in relation to which those works were carried out and not to the building resulting from the carrying out of those works.

Section 190. SCHEDULE 19

Proceedings on Listed Building Purchase Notice Action by council on whom listed building purchase notice is served

1.—(1) The council on whom a listed building purchase notice is served, shall, before the end of the period of three months beginning with the date of service of that notice, serve on the owner by whom die purchase notice was served a notice stating either—

(a) that the council are willing to comply with the purchase notice; or

Sch. 17

Sections 168, 169,180 and 278.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2041

(b) that another local authority or statutory undertakers specified

in the notice under this sub-paragraph have agreed to comply with it in their place ; or

(c) that for reasons specified in the notice under this sub-para-

graph, the council are not willing to comply with the purchase notice and have not found any other local authority or statutory undertakers who will agree to comply with it in their place and that they have transmitted a copy of the purchase notice to the Secretary of State, on a date specified in the notice under this sub-paragraph, together with a statement of the reasons so specified.

(2) Where the council on whom a listed building purchase notice is served by an owner have served on him a notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (1X«) or (b) of this paragraph the council, or the other local authority or statutory undertakers specified in the notice, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the interest of the owner compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 114 of this Act, and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date of service of the notice under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph.

(3) Where the council on whom a listed building purchase notice is served by an owner propose to serve on him a notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (lXc) of this paragraph they shall transmit a copy of the purchase notice to the Secretary of State together with a statement of their reasons; and section 182 of this Act shall then apply in relation to the purchase notice as it applies in relation to a purchase notice under section 180 of this Act With the substitution for references therein to the Secretary of State taking action under section 183 of this Act of references to his taking action under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

Action by Secretary of State in relation to listed building purchase

notice

2.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the conditions specified in section 190(1X4) to (c) of this Act are fulfilled in relation to a listed building purchase notice, he shall confirm the notice:

Provided that, if he is satisfied that the said conditions are fulfilled only in respect of part of the land, he shall confirm the notice only in respect of that part and the notice shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The Secretary of State shall not confirm the purchase notice unless he is satisfied that the land comprises such land contiguous or adjacent to the building as is in his opinion required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management.

(3) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to do so in the case of a listed building purchase notice served on account of listed building consent being refused or granted subject to conditions,

Pt. m L 3

Sch. 19

2042

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 19 he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, grant listed building consent for the works in respect of which the application was made or, where such consent for those works was granted subject to conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as it appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of those works.

(4) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be expedient to do so, in the case of a listed building purchase notice served on account of listed building consent being revoked or modified by an order under Part U of Schedule 11 to this Act, he may, in lieu of confirming the notice, cancel the order revoking the consent or, where the order modified the consent by the imposition of conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the works in respect of which the consent was granted.

(5) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the land, or any part of it, could be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use within a reasonable time by the carrying out of any other works for which listed building consent ought to be granted, he may in lieu of confirming die listed building purchase notice or in lieu of confirming it so far as it relates to that part of the land, as the case may be, direct that listed building consent for those works shall be granted in the event of an application being made in that behalf.

(6) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the land, or any part of the land, could be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use within a reasonable time by the carrying out of any development for which planning permission ought to be granted, he may, in lieu of confirming the listed building purchase notice, or in lieu of confirming it so far as it relates to that part of the land, as the case may be, direct that planning permission for that development shall be granted in die event of an application being made in that behalf.

(7) If it appears to the Secretary of State, having regard to the probable ultimate use of the building or the site thereof, that it is expedient to do so, he may, if he confirms the notice, modify it either in relation to the whole or in relation to any part of the land, by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for the council on whom the notice was served.

(8) In section 182 of this Act as applied by paragraph 1(3) of this Schedule, any reference to the taking of action by the Secretary of State under this paragraph is a reference to the taking by him of any such action as is mentioned in sub-paragraphs (1) or (3) to (7) of this paragraph, or to the taking by him of a decision not to confirm die purchase notice on the grounds that any of the conditions referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are not fulfilled.

Effect of Secretary of State’s action in relation to listed building purchase notice

3.—(1) Where the Secretary of State confirms a listed building purchase notice, the council on whom the notice was served (or, 2 under paragraph 2(7) of this Schedule the Secretary of State modified

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2043

the notice by substituting another local authority or statutory under- Sch. 19 takers for that council, that other local authority or those statutory undertakers) shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the relevant interest compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 114 of this Act and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on such date as the Secretary of State may direct.

(2) If, before the end of the relevant period, the Secretary of State has neither confirmed the purchase notice nor taken any such action in respect thereof as is mentioned in sub-paragraphs (3) to (6) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, and has not notified the owner by whom the notice was served that he does not propose to confirm the notice, the notice shall be deemed to be confirmed at the end of that period and the council on whom the notice was served shall be deemed to have been authorised to acquire the relevant interest compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 114 of this Act and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof at the end of that period.

(3) In this paragraph—

(a) "the relevant interest" means the owner’s interest in the

land or, if the purchase notice is confirmed by the Secretary of State in respect of only part of the land, the owner’s interest in that part;

(b) " the relevant period " is whichever of the following periods first expires, that is to say—

(i) the period of nine months beginning with the date of the service of the purchase notice ; and

(ii) the period of six months beginning with the date on which a copy of the purchase notice was transmitted to the Secretary of State.

(4) Where the Secretary of State has notified the owner by whom a listed building purchase notice has been served of a decision on his part to confirm, or not to confirm, the notice (including any decision to confirm the notice only in respect of part of the land, or to give any direction as to the granting of listed building consent), and that decision of the Secretary of State is quashed under the provisions of Part XII of this Act, the purchase notice shall be treated as cancelled, but the owner may serve a further listed building purchase notice in its place.

(5) For the purposes of any regulations made under this Act as to the time within which a listed building purchase notice may be served, the service of a listed building purchase notice under sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall not be treated as out of time if the notice is served within the period which would be applicable in accordance with those regulations if the decision to refuse listed building consent or to grant it subject to conditions (being the decision in consequence of which the notice is served) had been made on the date on which the decision of the Secretary of State was quashed as mentioned in sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph.

Pt. Ill L 4

2044

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch.19

Section 217.

1968 c. 23.

Special provision as to compensation where listed building purchase notice served

4. Where in consequence of listed building consent being revoked or modified by an order under Part II of Schedule 11 to this Act, compensation is payable by virtue of section 172 of this Act in respect of expenditure incurred in carrying out any works to the building in respect of which the consent was granted, then if a listed building purchase notice is served in respect of an interest in the land, any compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of that interest in pursuance of the notice shall be reduced by an amount equal to the value of the works in respect of which compensation is payable by virtue of that section.

SCHEDULE 20

Procedure in connection with Orders relating to Footpaths and Bridleways

Part I

Confirmation of Orders

1.—(1) Before an order under section 210 or 214(l)(b) of this Act is submitted to the Secretary of State for confirmation or confirmed as an unopposed order, the authority by whom the order was made shall give notice in the prescribed form—

(a) stating the general effect of the order and that it has been

made and is about to be submitted for confirmation or to be confirmed as an unopposed order;

(b) naming a place in the area in which the land to which the order relates is situated where a copy of the order may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours; and

(c) specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days

from the date of the first publication of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the order may be made.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph, the notice to be given under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall be given—

(a) by publication in the London Gazette and in at least

one local newspaper circulating in the area in which the land to which the order relates is situated; and

(b) by serving a like notice on—

(i) every owner, occupier and lessee (except tenants for a month or a period less than a month and statutory tenants within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968) of any of that land;

(ii) every council, the council of every rural parish and the parish meeting of every rural parish not having a separate parish council, being a council or parish whose area includes any of that land ; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2045

(iii) any statutory undertakers to whom there belongs, Sch. 20 or by whom there is used, for the purposes of their undertaking, any apparatus under, in, on, over, along or across that land; and

(c) by causing a copy of the notice to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of so much of any footpath or bridleway as is to be stopped up, diverted or extinguished by virtue of the order.

(3) In sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph "council" means a county council, a county borough council, a county district council, the Greater London Council or a London borough council.

(4) Except in the case of an owner, occupier or lessee being a local authority or statutory undertakers, the Secretary of State may in any particular case direct that it shall not be necessary to comply with sub-paragraph (2)(h)(i) of this paragraph ; but if he so directs in the case of any land, then in addition to publication the notice shall be addressed to "the owners and any occupiers'* of the land (describing it) and a copy or copies of the notice shall be affixed to some conspicuous object or objects on the land.

2. If no representations or objections are duly made, or if any so made are withdrawn, the authority by whom the order was made may, instead of submitting the order to the Secretary of State, themselves confirm the order (but without any modification).

3. —(1) If any representation or objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall, before confirming the order, if the objection is made by a local authority cause a local inquiry to be held, and in any other case either—

(a) cause a local inquiry to be held; or

(b) afford to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose,

and, after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear representations or objections, may confirm the order, with or without modifications:

Provided that in the case of an order under section 210 of this Act, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order provides for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purpose of their undertaking, or over the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this paragraph, the Secretary of State shall not confirm an order so as to affect land not affected by the order as submitted to him, except after-

fa) giving such notice as appears to him requisite of his proposal so to modify the order, specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication

^046

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sen. 20

of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the proposal may be made;

(b) holding a local inquiry or affording to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose; and

(c) considering the report of the person appointed to hold the

inquiry or to hear representations or objections as the case may be;

and, in the case of an order under section 210 of this Act, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order as modified would provide for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purposes of their undertaking, or over the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

4. -—(1) The Secretary of State shall not confirm an order under section 210 of this Act which extinguishes a right of way over land underpin, on, over, along or across which there is any apparatus belonging to or used by statutory undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking, unless the undertakers have consented to the confirmation of the order; and any such consent may be given subject to the condition that there are included in the order such provisions for the protection of the undertakers as they may reasonably require.

(2) The consent of statutory undertakers to any such order shall not be unreasonably withheld; and any question arising under this paragraph whether the withholding of consent is unreasonable, or whether any requirement is reasonable, shall be determined by whichever Minister is the appropriate Minister in relation to the statutory undertakers concerned.

5. Regulations under this Act may, subject to this Part of this Schedule, make such provision as the Secretary of State thinks expedient as to the procedure on the making, submission and confirmation of orders under sections 210 and 214(l)(b) of this Act

Part n

Publicity for Orders after Confirmation

6. As soon as may be after an order under section 210 or 214(lXh) of this Act has been confirmed by the Secretary of State or confirmed as an unopposed order, the authority by whom the order was made shall publish, in the manner required by paragraph 1(2) of this Schedule, a notice in the prescribed form, describing the general effect of the order, stating that it has been confirmed, and naming a place where a copy thereof as confirmed may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours, and shall—

(a) serve a like notice and a copy of the order as confirmed on any persons on whom notices were required to be served under the said paragraph 1(2) or under paragraph 1(4); and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2047

(b) cause a like notice to be displayed in the like manner as Sch. 20 the notice required to be displayed under the said paragraph 1(2):

Provided that no such notice or copy need be served on a person unless he has sent to the authority a request in that behalf, specifying an address for service.

SCHEDULE 21

Provisions of this Act referred to in Sections 263, 264, 269, 270, 271, 273 and 274 and Paragraphs 83 and 84 of Schedule 24

Part I

Sections 263, 264,269, 270, 271,273 and 274 and paragraphs 83 and 84 of Schedule 24.

Sections 1 to 3.

Section 22.

Section 23 except subsection (7).

Section 24 except subsection (6).

Section 25.

Section 29(1).

Section 30.

Section 31(1).

Sections 32 and 33.

Section 34(1) and (3).

Section 35 with the omission in subsection (4) of the reference to sections 26 and 27.

Section 36(1) to (6) with the omission in subsection (5) of the reference to section 27.

Section 37.

Section 40.

Section 45.

Sections 50 to 53.

Section 54 except subsections (8), (10) and (11).

Section 60.

Sections 63 to 68.

Section 89.

Sections 91 to 93.

Section 102.

Sections 104 to 111.

Sections 118 to 125.

Sections 127 to 133.

Section 164.

Section 165 with the omission in subsection (2) of the references to sections 166 to 168.

Section 169 except subsection (5).

Section 170.

Section 174.

Section 176.

2048

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 21 Sections 178 and 179.

Section 180(1) to (4).

Sections 181 to 183.

Sections 186 to 189.

Section 191(1).

Section 209.

Section 214 except subsection (1 )(6).

Section 215.

Sections 218 and 219.

Section 220.

Section 222.

Sections 224 to 231.

Sections 233 to 236.

Section 237 except subsection (3).

Section 238 except subsections (4) and (6)(b).

Sections 239 to 241.

Section 242(1) except paragraphs (d) and (e).

Section 243 except subsection (5).

Section 244.

Section 246.

Section 249 with the omission in subsection (2) of the references to section 245.

Section 250.

Section 251(1).

Section 252.

Sections 254 and 255.

Section 263(1).

Sections 264 and 265.

Section 266(1) (the reference, in paragraph (6), to Part III being construed as not referring to sections 26 and 27 and the reference, in that paragraph, to Part IV being construed as not referring to sections 73 to 86) and section 266(2) to (5) and (7).

Section 267.

Section 270.

Section 272.

Section 274 except subsections (2)(a) and (4).

Section 275(2).

Section 276.

Section 280 except subsections (4) and (5).

Section 281.

Section 284.

Section 288.

Schedules 1 and 2.

Schedule 8.

Schedule 22.

Schedule 24, paragraphs 33 to 39, 46, 48 and 87 to 92.

Any other provisions of this Act in so far as they apply, or have effect for the purposes of, any of the provisions specified above.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2049

Part n Sea. 21

Section 4.

Sections 6 to 21.

Section 26(2) to (6) except subsection (2)(a) and the reference to it in subsection (6). and subsection (8).

Section 28(2)(6) and (3).

Section 29(4).

Section 31(2) and (3).

Section 34(2).

Section 36(7) and (8).

Sections 41 to 44.

Sections 46 to 49.

Section 54(10) and (11).

Sections 55 and 56.

Section 58.

Sections 79 to 81.

Sections 87 and 88.

Section 90.

Sections 94 to 100.

Section 103(4).

Sections 112 to 117.

Sections 171 to 173.

Section 177.

Section 180(5) and (6).

Section 184.

Section 190.

Section 197.

Sections 201 and 202.

Sections 210 to 213.

Section 214(l)(b).

Sections 216 and 217.

Section 221.

Section 223.

Section 232.

Section 237(3).

Section 238(4) and (6)(b).

Section 253.

Section 256.

Section 271.

Section 285.

Schedules 4. 7. 9. 10, 11. 14. 19 and 20 and paragraphs 18 to 21,

24. 31.40. 41, 43. 57. 58 and 77 of Schedule 24.

Part IQ

Sections 38 and 39.

Section 72.

Sections 134 to 163.

Sections 166 to 168.

2050

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch. 21 Section 169(5).

Section 191(2).

Section 251(2) to (5).

Sections 257 to 259.

Section 261(2) to (4).

Section 268.

Section 274(4).

Section 275(1).

Section 279.

Section 280(5).

Schedules 15 and 16.

Any other provisions of this Act in so far as they apply, or have effect for the purposes of. any of the provisions specified above.

Part IV

Section 28.

Section 54(8).

Section 57.

Section 59.

Sections 61 and 62.

Section 101.

Section 102(1).

Section 103.

Section 126.

Section 277.

Section 280(4).

Part V

Sections 22 to 25.

Section 29(1). (5) and (6).

Section 30.

Section 31(1).

Sections 32 and 33.

Section 34 except subsection (2).

Sections 35 to 37.

Section 40.

Section 45.

Sections 50 to 53.

Section 54 except subsections (2) and (9) to (11). Section 60.

Sections 63 to 68.

Section 72.

Sections 87 to 95.

Section 102.

Sections 104 to 111.

Section 177.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2051

Part VI

Section 28(2 )(b)and (3).

Section 29(4).

Section 31(2) and (3).

Section 54(2) and (9) to (11).

Section 55.

Section 56.

Section 58.

Sections 96 to 100.

Sections 114 to 117.

Sections 171 to 173.

Section 180(5) and (6).

Section 190.

Schedules 11 and 19.

Part VII

Section 24(6).

Section 26 except subsections (2 )(band (3) to (9). Section 27.

Section 29(2) and (3).

Section 142 except subsections (2)(£>) and (6)(b).

Section 143 (construed as if in section 142 the said subsections were omitted).

Sections 192 to 196.

Sections 198 to 200.

Sections 203 to 207.

Section 242 except subsection (1X<?) to (c).

Section 243(5).

Section 245.

Sections 247 and 248.

Section 249(2).

Section 266(1) (construed as if the reference to Part III were a reference only to sections 26 and 27) and (6).

Section 274(2) except paragraph (b).

Schedule 17.

Any other provisions of this Act in so far as they apply, or have effect for the purposes of, any of the provisions specified above.

SCHEDULE 22 Enactments Exempted from Section 287(6) of this Act

1. Section 107 of the Public Health Act 1936.

2. The following provisions of the Highways Act 1959, that is to say—

section 72(1), (2). (5) and (8) to (10). section 73 except subsection (5). sections 159, 163 and 166. section 170(2) and (4).

Sch. 21

Section 287(6).

1936 c. 49. 1959 c. 25.

2052

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sen. 22

1959 c. 25.

1963 c. 33.

Section 291.

section 217.

section 222(7).

section 266(5) and (7).

Schedule 9.

3. The following further provisions of the Highways Act 1959, that is to say—

(a) sections 158 and 170(1) so far as applicable for the purposes of section 159 of that Act;

(b) section 222(11) so far as applicable for the purposes of section 217 of that Act;

(c) in section 266—

(i) subsections (1) to (3) so far as applicable for the purposes of section 72 of that Act;

(ii) subsections (1), (3) and (6) so far as applicable for the purposes of section 73 of that Act;

(iii) subsections (1) and (3) so far as applicable for the purposes of section 163 and 170(2) of that Act;

(d) section 270 so far as applicable for the purposes of section 73 of that Act

4. Section 243 of the Highways Act 1959 so far as the purposes in question are the purposes of the exercise—

(a) by a county council in relation to county roads maintained

by that council; or

(b) by the Greater London Council in relation to any road for the time being designated by or under section 17 of the London Government Act 1963 as a metropolitan road,

of their powers under section 72(1), (2), (5) and (8) to (10) or section 217 of the said Act of 1959.

5. Any enactment making such provision as might by virtue of any Act of Parliament have been made in relation to die area to which the order applies by means of a byelaw, order or regulation not requiring confirmation by Parliament

6. Any enactment which has been previously excluded or modified by a development order, and any enactment having substantially the same effect as any such enactment.

SCHEDULE 23 Consequential Amendments Part I

The Land Compensation Act 1961 (c. 33)

In the Land Compensation Act 1961 any reference to an area defined in the current development plan as an area of comprehensive development shall be construed as a reference to an action area for which a local plan is in force.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2053

The London Government Act 1963 (c. 33) Sch. 23

In section 21 of the London Government Act 1963 the reference to an area of comprehensive development shall be construed as a reference to an action area for which a local plan is in force.

Part n

The Finance Act 1931 (c. 28)

In section 28(6) of the Finance Act 1931 (inserted by the Land 1967 c. 1. Commission Act 1967) for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1931, in paragraph (viii) (inserted by the Land Commission Act 1967) for the words "section 19(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " section 34(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

The Building Restrictions ( War-Tim Contraventions) Act 1946 (c. 35)

In section 7(1) and (5) of the Building Restrictions (War-Time Contraventions) Act 1946 (as amended by the Act of 1962) for the words "paragraph 12 of the Thirteenth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "paragraph 34 of Schedule 24 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

The Civil Aviation Act 1949 (c. 67)

In section 30 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (as amended by the Act of 1962)—

(a) in subsection (1) for the words " subsections (2) to (5) of

section one hundred and seventy-one of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 238(2), (3), (5) and (6) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(b) in subsection (2) for the words " Subsections (2) to (5) of the said section one hundred and seventy-one ", " subsection (2) of the last preceding section " and " subsection (5) of that section" there shall be substituted respectively the words " Subsections (2), (3), (5) and (6) of the said section 238 ", " section 237(2) of this Act " and " subsection (6) of that section ".

In Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1949 (as amended by the Act of 1962)—

(a) in paragraph 4 for the words "section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and " section one hundred and sixty-six of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 236 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 233 of that Act";

2054

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 23

(b) in paragraph 8 for the words " section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and " section one hundred and sixty-eight of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 236 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 235 of that Act".

The Town Development Act 1952 (c. 54)

In section 6 of the Town Development Act 1952 (as amended by the Act of 1962)—

(a) in subsection (1) for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " and " or that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

(b) in subsection (5) for the words " Part V of the said Act of

1962 " there shall be substituted the words " Part VI of the said Act of 1971 " ;

(c) in subsection (6) for the words "section sixty-eight of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "section 112 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", for the words " section sixty-eight of the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 112 of the said Act of 1971 ", for the words " subsection (1) of section seventy-one, subsection (1) of section seventy-four, subsection (2) of section eighty-six and subsection (1) of section eighty-seven of that Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 119(1), section 132(2) and section 133(1) of that Act "

The Highways Act 1959 (c. 25)

In section 19(1) of the Highways Act 1959 (as amended by the Act of 1962) for the words " section eight of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "paragraph 5 of Schedule 5 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In section 38(2Xe) of the said Act of 1959 (as amended by the Act of 1968) for the words " section 153 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "section 94 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 209 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 210 of that Act ".

The Town and Country Planning Act 1959 (c. 53)

In section 26(5Xc) (as amended by the Act of 1962) for the words "section seventy-eight of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 123 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2055

The Local Employment Act 1960 (c. 18)

For section 21 of the Local Employment Act 1960 in its application to England and Wales there shall be substituted: —

" 21. In this Act ‘ industrial building * has the meaning assigned to it by section 66 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971."

The Public Health Act 1961 (c. 64)

In Schedule 4 to the Public Health Act 1961 (as amended by the Act of 1968) for the words " section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 54(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

The London Government Act 1963 (c. 33)

In section 21 (4X^X0 of the London Government Act 1963 for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 85 of the said Act of 1963—

(a) in subsection (3) for the words " section 24(7) of this Act " and "the said section 24(7)" there shall be substituted respectively the words "paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " the said paragraph 6 ";

(b) in subsection (4) the words "(including any agreement under section 24(7)) " shall be omitted, and after the words " made under this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or of any agreement under paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Water Resources Act 1963 (c. 38)

In section 71(4) of the Water Resources Act 1963 for the words "section 41 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " section 40 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In section 123(5) of the said Act of 1963 for the words " section 199 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962; and the provisions of subsection (6) of that section " there shall be substituted the words " section 266 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971; and the provisions of subsection (7) of that section ".

The Harbours Act 1964 (c. 40)

In section 52(2) of the Harbours Act 1964 for the words " section 199 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962; and the provisions of subsection (6) of that section " there shall be substituted the words "section 266 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971; and the provisions of subsection (7) of that section ".

Sch.23

2056

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 23

1971 c. 75.

The Airports Authority Act 1965 (c. 16)

In section 17(6) and (7 )(d)of the Airports Authority Act 1965 for the words " section 82 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " and " Part V of that Act * there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 128 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " Part VI of that Act

In section 18 of the said Act of 1965 (as amended by the Civil Aviation Act 1971) for the words set out in the first column below there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in die second column below: —

"sections 118 and 119 of the Act of 1962" "section 123 of the Act of 1962"

"section 170(1) of the Act of 1962"

"section 134(2) of the Act of 1962"

"section 129 of the Act of 1962"

" the said section 118 " "section 27 of the Act of 1962" (in both places) " section 130(2) or 133(1) of the Act of 1962 " "section 122 of the Act of 1962"

"Part in of the Act of 1962 "

"sections 164 and 165 of the Act of 1971 "

" section 169 of the Act of 1971 "

"section 237(1) of the Act of 1971 "

"section 187(2) of the Act of 1971 "

" section 180 of the Act of 1971 "

" the said section 164 "

" section 45 of the Act of 1971 "

"section 181(2) or 186(1) of the Act of 1971 "

" section 168 of the Act of 1971 "

"Part III of the Act of 1971 "

and in section 18(5) of the said Act of 1965 for the words "' the Act of 1962* means the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " * the Act of 1971 * means the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *’.

In section 19(1) of the said Act of 1965 for the words " section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 * there shall be substituted the words "section 290(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *.

The Gas Act 1965 (c. 36)

In section 4(6) of the Gas Act 1965 for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "section 41 of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 40 of that Act ".

In section 28(1) of the said Act of 1965—

(a) in the definition of " local planning authority " for the words

" section 2 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 1 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

(b) in the definition of " planning permission " for the words

"Part ID of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962* there shall be substituted the words " Part HI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *.

Town and Country Planning Act 1[16

c. 78

2057

In Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1965—

(a) in paragraph 3 for the words "section 100 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "Part VI of that Act, together with sections 25 and 26 of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 146 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " Part VII of that Act, together with sections 38 and 39 of that Act

(b) in paragraph 7(2) for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

(c) in paragraph 9(a) for the words " section 100 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962", "Part VI of the said Act of 1962 " and " sections 25 and 26 of the said Act of 1962" there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 146 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " Part VII of the said Act of 1971 " and " sections 38 and 39 of the said Act of 1971 ".

The Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 (c. 56)

In section 1(4) of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 for the words " Part V of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " and "section 86(6) of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words " Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 132(4) of that Act ".

In section 10(3) of the said Act of 1965 for the words "Part V of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "section 86(6)(6) of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words " Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and "section 132(4X6) of that Act".

The New Towns Act 1965 (c. 59)

In subsection (2) of section 6 of the New Towns Act 1965 for the words "section 14 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 24 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "; and in subsection (3) of that section for the words "section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 54(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In section 54(1) of the said Act of 1965—

(a) in the definition of "local planning authority", for the

words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(b) in the definition of "planning permission" for the words "Part m of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " Part HI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In paragraph 3(3Xu) of Schedule 10 to the said Act of 1965 for the words " section 14 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "section 24 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

Sob. 23

2058

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.23

The Building Control Act 1966 (c. 27)

In section 6(1X«) of the Building Control Act 1966 after the words " Part I of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 " there shall be inserted the words " or section 74 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Local Government Act 1966 (c. 42)

In section 8(5) of the Local Government Act 1966 for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 9(4) of the said Act of 1966 for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words 44 the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In section 37 of the said Act of 1966 for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

The Land Commission Act 1967 (c. 1)

In section 14 of the Land Commission Act 1967 for the words set out in die first column below (in each place where they occur in that section) there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in die second column below:—

"the Act of 1962"

" section 81 "

" sections 164 and 165 " "sections 170(2) and 171 "

" section 68 "

"subsection (1) of section 164 "

"section 164 or 165"

" section 204 "

"the Act of 1971 " "section 127"

" sections 230 and 231 "

" sections 237(2) and 238 " " section 112 "

" section 230(1)"

" section 230 or 231 "

" section 273 "

In section 58(3) of the said Act of 1967 for the words "section 221(1) of the Act of 1962" there shall be substituted the words " section 290(1) of the Act of 1971 ".

In section 89(6X6) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section 221(1) of the Act of 1962" there shall be substituted the words " section 290(1) of the Act of 1971 ".

In section 99 of the said Act of 1967—

(a) in subsection (1) after the words "4 the Act of 1962 * means the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be inserted the words "4 the Act of 1971 * means the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(б) in subsection (2X6) for the words "paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 5 to 8 of Schedule 3 to the Act of 1962, as read with Part HI of that Schedule and with section 1(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words 44 paragraphs 1,2,3 and 5 to 8 of Schedule 8 to the Act of 1971, as read with Part HI of that Schedule " and for the words 44 the said Act of 1963 " there shall be substituted the words 44 the Town and Country Planning Act 1963 " ;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2059

(c) in subsection (8) for the words "subsection (1) of section 221 (interpretation) of the Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "section 290(1) (interpretation) of the Act of 1971

In Schedule 15 to the said Act of 1967, in paragraph (viii) for the words " section 19(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 34 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In Schedule 16 to the said Act of 1967, in Part I, for the words " section 82 of the Act of 1962 " (in both places where they occur) there shall be substituted the words " section 128 of the Act of 1971 " and for the words " Section 87(3) of the Act of 1962 " and " section 82 of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words " Section 133(3) of the Act of 1971 " and " section 128 of that Act

The General Rate Act 1967 (c. 9)

In section 32(8) of the General Rate Act 1967 for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1967, in paragraph 2(c) (as amended by the Act of 1968), for the words " a building preservation notice as defined by section 48 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 or is included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "a building preservation notice as defined by section 58 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 or is included in a list compiled or approved under section 54 of that Act

The Forestry Act 1967 (c. 10)

In section 9(4X<0 of the Forestry Act 1967 for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In section 35 of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section 29 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 60 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "

In Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1967, in paragraph 2, for the words "section 22 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and " the said section 22 " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 35 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " the said section 35 "; and in paragraph 3 for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

The Agriculture Act 1967 (c. 22)

In section 49(5X«) of the Agriculture Act 1967 for the words "section 180 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "Part IV of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 246 of the Town and Country Planning Art 1971 " and " Part V of that Act

Sch. 23

2060

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sea. 23 In section 50(3X6) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 290(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 52(2X#) for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962'* there shall be substituted the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Civic Amenities Act 1967 (c. 69)

In section 28 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967—

(a) in subsection (2) for the words "Subsections (1) to (5) of

section 212 * and " section 211 * (in both places where they occur) there shall be substituted respectively the words " Section 281(1) to (5) " and " section 280 *;

(б) in subsection (3) for the words " Section 213 to 215 '* and "section 213'* there shall be substituted respectively the words " Sections 282 to 284 '* and " section 282 '*.

In section 30(1) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " * the Planning Act' means the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "4 the Planning Act * means the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (c. 88)

In section 28(6X«) of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (inserted by the Act of 1968) for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962* there shall be substituted the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *.

In Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1967. in paragraph 1(7), for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962*' there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ",

The Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 (c. 14)

In Schedule 3 to the Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 for paragraph 7(6) there shall be substituted:—

" (6) The Town and Country Planning Act 1971 (c. 78) section 145(9).'*

The Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 (c. 34)

In section 13(2) of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 for the words " sections 67, 68 or 72 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 '* there shall be substituted the words " section 112 or 120 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Countryside Act 1968 (c. 41)

In section 33 of the Countryside Act 1968—

(a) in subsections (lXe) and (2) for the words "section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962'* there shall be substituted the words " section 51 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971" ;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2061

(b) in subsection (2) for the words "section 136 of that Act", " Part VIII of that Act ", " section 134(2) of that Act " and " the said section 28 " there shall be substituted respectively the words "section 189 of that Act", "Part IX of that Act ", " section 187(2) of that Act " and " the said section 51"

In section 34(2) of the said Act of 1968 for the words "section 28 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962", "section 136 of that Act", "Part VIII of that Act", "section 134(2) of that Act" and " the said section 28 " there shall be substituted respectively the words "section 51 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " section 189 of that Act ", " Part IX of that Act ", " section 187(2) of that Act " and " the said section 51 ".

In section 40(1) of the said Act of 1968 for the words " section 2 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 1 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

In Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1968—

(u) in paragraph 1(1) for the words " Part I of Schedule 2 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "Part I of Schedule 2 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(b) in paragraph 1(2) for the words "the said Act of 1962" there shall be substituted the words " the said Act of 1971 " ;

(c) in paragraph 1(5) for the words " the said Part I of Schedule

2 to the Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " the said Part I of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1971 " ;

(d) in paragraph 2(1) for the words " Part II of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1971 " ;

(e) in paragraph 3 for the words " section 2(2) of the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 1(2) of the said Act of 1971 ".

The Caravan Sites Act 1968 (c. 52)

In section 8(3) of the Caravan Sites Act 1968 for the words " section 22 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 35 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 16 of the said Act of 1968 for the words " Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (c. 72)

In section 59 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 after the words " listed building " there shall be inserted the words " (as defined by section 54 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971) ".

SCH. 23

2062

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.23 The Transport Act 1968 (c. 73)

In section 108 of the Transport Act 1968—

(a) in subsection (1) for the words "section 36 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 ", " the said Act of 1962 " and "the said section 36" there shall be substituted respectively the words "section 65 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " the said Act of 1971 " and " the said section 65 " ;

(b) in subsection (3) for the words " the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962

In section 112(3)(d) of the said Act of 1968 for the words "section 36 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words " section 65 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "

In section 139(1)(6) and (c) of the said Act of 1968 for the words "section 129, 135 or 136 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962", "section 139 of the said Act of 1962" and "section 142 of the said Act of 1962" there shall be substituted respectively the words "section 180, 188 or 189 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " section 193 of the said Act of 1971 " and " section 196 of the said Act of 1971

In section 141(2) of the said Act of 1968 for the words "section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "section 290(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 142(2) of the said Act of 1962 for the words "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962", "Part in of that Act" and " Part VIII of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " Part III or Part IV of that Act " and " Part IX of that Act ".

The Redundant Churches and other Religious Buildings Act 1969 (1969 c. 22.

In section 2 of the Redundant Churches and other Religious Buildings Act 1969 for the words " Section 40 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " and " section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted respectively the words " Section 55 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 54 of that Act ".

The Town and Country Planning {Scotland)

Act 1969 (c. 30)

In section 64(1) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1969 for the words "section 62 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted the words " section 48 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2063

In Schedule 6 to the said Act of 1969 for the words set out in the first column below there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in the second column below:—

" the corresponding provision of the Act of 1968 " (in the Table in paragraph 1)

"section 41 of the Act of 1962 " (in paragraphs 1 and 8(3))

the words in paragraph 2(a)

44 or in the Act of 1962 " (in paragraph 3)

"section 22 of the Act of 1962 " (in paragraph

8(2))

"section 23 of the Act of 1962 " (in paragraph

8(2))

"section 17(2) or (3) of the Act of 1962" (in paragraphs 8(2)(h) and 10(c))

"and the Act of 1962" (in paragraph 8(4))

"section 62(1 Xu), or (c)

of the Act of 1968 " (in paragraph 10(h))

" in either of the said sections 62(1 Xu) or (b) " (in paragraph 10(c))

" Sections 22(5) and 23(5) of the Act of 1962" (in paragraph 11(2))

" sections 21(6) and 22(4) of the Act of 1968" (in paragraph 11(2))

"Part HI of that Act" (in paragraph 11(2))

the corresponding provision of the Act of 1971 "

" section 40 of the Act of 1971 ".

" (a) 4 the Act of 1971 ’ means the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "

" or in the Act of 1971 ".

section 35 of the Act of 1971

section 36 of the Act of 1971

" section 29(2) or (3) of the Act of 1971 ".

" and the Act of 1971 ".

section 48(1 Xu), (b) or (c) of the Act of 1971 ".

" in section 62(1 )(u) or ( )of this Act or in section 48(l)(u) or (b) of the Act of 1971 ".

" Sections 35(5) and 36(4) of the Act of 1971 ".

44 paragraphs 2(2) and 3(4) of Schedule 9 to the Act of 1971

44that Schedule"

Sch. 23

2064

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.23 The Housing Act 1969 (c. 33)

In section 33 of the Housing Act 1969—

(a) in subsection (1) for the words "section 92 of the Town

and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted

the words " section 212 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

(б) in subsection (2) for the words "section 92 of that Act"

and "section 93 of that Act" there shall be substituted

respectively the words "section 212 of that Act" and " section 213 of that Act "

The Transport () Act 1969 (c. 35)

In section 2(2 ){b)and (c) of the Transport (London) Act 1969 for the words " section 25(2) of the London Government Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words "paragraph 8(2) of Schedule 5 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", for the words " section 26(2) of that Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 26(2) of the London Government Act 1963 or the said Schedule 5 ", after the words "Part I of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968" there shall be inserted the words " or Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and after the words " the said Part I " there shall be inserted the words " or the said Part II ".

In section 30 of the said Act of 1969 for the words " section 24(6) of the London Government Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 7 of Schedule 3 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1969, in paragraph 1(3), for the words "section 69 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968" and "the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted respectively the words "section 223 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " that Act ".

In Schedule 5 to the said Act of 1969—

1971 c. 18. ( a)in paragraph 12(2) (as amended by the Land Commission

(Dissolution) Act 1971) for the words "section 67(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted the words " section 43(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(b) in paragraph 20(aXu) for the words " section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 290(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(c) in paragraph 22(4) for the words " Section 127 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " Section 178 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2065

(d) in paragraph 22(5) for the words " section 27 or section 28 of the said Act of 1962" and "section 118 or, as the case may be, section 124 of that Act" there shall be sub* stituted respectively the words " section 45 or 51 of the said Act of 1971 " and " section 164 or, as the case may be, section 170 of that Act ".

The Post Office Act 1969 (c. 48)

In section 57 of the Post Office Act 1969 for the words set out in the first column below there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in the second column below: —

"Sections 211(6) and 212(1) "Sections 280(9) and 281(1) to to (3) and (6) of the (3) and (6) of the Town and

Town and Country Country Planning Act 1971 "

Planning Act 1962 "

section 211(1) to (5) there- "section 280(1) to (8) thereof" of"

" the said section 211 "

"section 211(6) "

" section 212(1)"

"Section 128 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962"

" the said section 280 "

" section 280(9)"

" section 281(1) "

"Section 179 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "

" Part VH of that Act"

" Part Vm of that Act".

In Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1969—

(a) in paragraph 89(1) for the words from "section 69(1)" to

" undertakers) " and for the words " section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 223(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 222 of that Act"; and in paragraph 89(2) for the words "The said section 69 " there shall be substituted the words " The said section 223 ".

(b) in paragraph 93(1) sub-paragraphs (xix) and (xxxi) shall be omitted and after sub-paragraph (xxxii) there shall be inserted—

" (xxxiii) sections 22, 40, 48, 49. 118(2), 127, 128, 129, 149, 165(3), 181, 182, 183, 186, 192, 206(6), 210(2), 213(3), 216, 223, 225 to 241, 245(7)(h), 225 and 281(6)(h) of, and Schedule 10, paragraphs 1 to 3 of Schedule 19, and Schedule 20 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

Sch.23

2066

c.78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.23

and for the words "section 164 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962*' there shall be substituted the words " section 230 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

(c) in paragraph 93(2) sub-paragraphs (0 and (q) shall be

omitted and after sub-paragraph (r) there shall be inserted—

" Cs) sections 206(6), 225 to 241 and 281(6X6) of, and Schedule 10 and paragraph 4 of Schedule 20 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ’*.

(d) in paragraph 93(4) sub-paragraphs (c) and (h) shall be

omitted and after sub-paragraph (i) there shall be inserted—

"(/) sections 149(3), 165(3) and 225 to 241 of, and Schedule 10 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *.

In Schedule 9 to the said Act of 1969—

(a) in paragraph 27 for the words set out in the first column below (in each place where they occur in that paragraph) there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in the second column below: —

" Parts VI and XI " Parts VII and XII of the Town of the Town and and Country Planning Act Country Planning 1971 *’

Act 1962*

"Section 7 of the "Section 78 of the Town and Control of Office and Country Planning Act 1971 * Industrial Development Act 1965 '*

" section 19(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 *'

" section 34 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 *

" Section 69 of the " Section 223 of the Town and Town and Country Country Planning Act 1971 " Planning Act 1968 *'

"for the purposes "for the purposes of the Town of the Town and and Country Planning Act Country Planning 1971 ’*

Act 1962 *

" Sections 65 and " Sections 41 and 42 of the Town 66 of the Town and and (Country Planning Act Country Planning 1971 *

Act 1968 "

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2067

44 Subsections (3) 44 Subsections (5) and (7) of sec-

and (5) of section 67 tion 43 of the Town and Coun-

of the Town and try Planning Act 1971 "

Country Planning Act 1968 w

"sections 65 and "sections 41 and 42 of that 66 of that Act " Act "

(b) in paragraph 28 for the words set out in the first column below there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in the second column below: —

44 section 199 of the " section 266 of the Town and Town and Country Country Planning Act 1971 " Planning Act 1962 "

"section 16 of the said Act of 1962"

44 section 27 of the said Act of 1971 "

44 the said Act of 44 the said Act of 1971 "

1962" (in paragraph 28(2))

(c) in paragraph 29 for the words " paragraph 12 of Schedule 13 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and 44 section 15 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted respectively the words " paragraph 34 of Schedule 24 to the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and 44 section 87 of the said Act of 1971 "

The Courts Act 1971 (c. 23)

In section 89(6Xb) of the said Act of 1967 for the words 44 section 29(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted the words "section 113(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

The Highways Act 1971 (c. 41)

In section 3 of the Highways Act 1971—

(a) in subsection (1) for the wards "section 91 of the Town

and Country Planning Act 1968" and 44 the said section 91 " there shall be substituted respectively the words 44 section 211 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and 44 the said section 211 " ;

(b) in subsection (4) for the words 44 Section 154 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 ",44 section 91 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " and 44 subsections (2) and

(6) of section 154" there shall be substituted respectively the words "Section 215 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971", "section 211 of that Act" and "subsections (2) and (7) of section 215 ".

Sch. 23

2068

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 23 In section 4(1) of the said Act of 1971 for the words " section 91 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968" there shall be substituted the words "section 211 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 "

In section 8(1 X«) of the said Act of 1971 for the words " section 91 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 " there shall be substituted the words "section 211 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 40(3) of the said Act of 1971 for the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " the Town and Country Planning Act 1971

In section 63 of the said Act of 1971—

(a) in subsection (1) for paragraphs (a) to (d) there shall be substituted—

" (a) sections 230 and 231 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 (power to extinguish rights of statutory undertakers over land acquired under certain enactments or appropriated by a local authority for planning purposes);

(b) section 232 of that Act (power of statutory undertakers to remove or re-site apparatus affected by development) ; and

(c) sections 237(2) and (3), 238 and 240 of that Act (compensation), so far as applicable for the purposes of the said sections 230, 231 and 232 ; "

and for the words " Part V of the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " Part VI of the said Act of 1971 " ; (Z>) in subsections (2) and (3) for the words "the said Acts of 1962 and 1968 " there shall be substituted the words " the said Act of 1971

In Schedule 10 to the said Act of 1971—

(a) in paragraph 1 for the words "sections 164, 165, 170(2),

171 and 173 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" there shall be substituted the words "sections 230, 231, 237(2), 238 and 240 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

(b) in paragraph 2 for the words " in subsection (4) of the said section 164 and in subsection (2) of the said section 165 " there shall be substituted the words "in subsection (4) of the said section 230 and in subsection (2) of the said section 231 ";

(c) in paragraph 3 for the words from the beginning to " that

section " there shall be substituted—

" 3. In subsection (1) of the said section 230 the words from 4if satisfied* to "appropriated* shall be omitted and after that subsection there shall be inserted the following:—

* (1 A) A notice under this section * " ;

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2069

(d) in paragraph 4 for the words "subsections (1) and (2) of

section 73 of the said Act of 1968 " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (1) and (2) of section 232 of the said Act of 1971 " ;

(e) in paragraph 5 for the words "subsections (3), (6) and (7)

of the said section 73 " there shall be substituted the words "subsections (3) and (6) of the said section 232, subsection (3) of the said section 237 and subsection (4) of the said section 238

The Civil Aviation Act 1971 (c. 75) In section 14 of the Civil Aviation Act 1971—

(a) in subsections (6) and (9) for the words "subsections (1)

and (2) of section 158 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "section 153 of that Act" there shall be substituted respectively the words " subsections (1) and (2) of section 220 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and " section 209 of that Act " ;

(b) in subsections (7) and (9)(d) for the words " section 82 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 " and " Part V of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 128 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " and "Part VI of that Act".

In section 17 of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 for the words set out in the first column below there shall be substituted the words set out opposite to them in the second column below:—

"section 118, 119, 123,

134(2) or 170(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962"

" the said section 118 "

" section 27 of the said Act of 1962 "

" section 122 of the said Act of 1962 "

" section 129 of the said Act of 1962"

" section 130(2) or 133(1) of the said Act of 1962 "

" the said section 27 "

" Part III of the said Act of 1962 "

"section 164, 165, 169, 187(2), or 237(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ".

" the said section 164 "

"section 45 of the said Act of 1971 "

"section 168 of the said Act of 1971 "

"section 180 of the said Act of 1971 "

" section 181(2) or 186(1) of the said Act of 1971 " the said section 45 "Part HI of the said Act of 1971 "

In Schedule 5 to the Civil Aviation Act 1971—

(a) in paragraph 5, sub-paragraphs ( ) and (bb) shall be omitted and after paragraph (ee) there shall be inserted—

"(tf) sections 22, 40, 48, 49, 118(2), 127, 128, 129, 149, 165(3), 181, 182, 183, 186, 192, 206(6), 209(3Xb), 210(2), 213(3), 216, 223, 225 to 241 (except section 230 as applied by section 13 of the Opencast

Pt. Ill M

Sch.23

2070

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Coal Act 1958), 245(7X6), 255, 281(6X6) of, and Schedule 10, paragraphs 1 to 3 of Schedule 19, and Schedule 20 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(6) in paragraph 6, sub-paragraphs (/) and (0 shall be omitted and after paragraph (m) there shall be inserted—

" (n) sections 206(6), 225 to 241 and 281(6X6) of, and Schedule 10 and paragraph 4 of Schedule 20 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 " ;

(c) in paragraph 7, sub-paragraphs (c) and (5) shall be omitted and after paragraph (6) there shall be inserted—

" (0 sections 149(3), 165(3) and 225 to 241 of, and Schedule 10 to, the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ";

id) in paragraph 8 for the words " section 69 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 ", " the Town and Country Planning Act 1962" and "Section 70(2) of the said Act of 1968" there shall be substituted respectively the words " section 223 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ", " that Act " and " Section 225(2X6) of the said Act of 1971

SCHEDULE 24

Transitional Provisions and Savings

Part I

General Provisions

1.—(1) In so far as anything done under an enactment repealed by this Act could have been done under a corresponding provision in this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal but shall have effect as if done under that provision.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies, in particular, to any order, regulation, rule, development plan or amendment or alteration of a development plan, application, objection, representation, determination, decision, reference, appeal, declaration, agreement, arrangement, claim or apportionment made, payment made or recovered, report or proposal submitted, list or amendment of a list compiled or made, permission granted, consent, approval or authorisation given, certificate, permit, information or direction issued or given, enforcement or other notice or copy served, published or registered, inquiry held, delegation effected, register kept and requirement imposed.

(3) In relation to any permission which (whether by virtue of an enactment repealed by this Act or otherwise) was deemed to be granted under an enactment repealed by this Act, sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall apply as it applies to permission granted under such an enactment

(4) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall not apply to any regulations or order revoked as from the commencement of this Act in the exercise of the powers conferred by section 294.

Sch. 23

Section 292.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2071

2. Without prejudice to section 291 of, and Schedule 23 to, this Sch. 24 Act, where any Act (whether passed before, or in the same Session

as this Act) or any document refers, either expressly or by implication, to an enactment repealed by this Act, the reference shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as, or as including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.

3. Where any period of time specified in an enactment repealed by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in force when that period began to run.

4. Without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any reference in this Act (whether express or implied) to a thing done or required or authorised to be done, or omitted to be done, or to an event which has occurred, under or for the purposes of or by reference to or in contravention of any provisions of this Act shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a reference to the corresponding thing done or required or authorised to be done, or omitted, or to the corresponding event which occurred, as the case may be, under or for the purposes of or by reference to or in contravention of the corresponding provisions of the enactments repealed by this Act

5. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments repealed thereby in their operation in relation to offences committed before the commencement of this Act.

(2) Where an offence, for the continuance of which a penalty was provided, has been committed under an enactment repealed by this Act, proceedings may be taken under this Act in respect of the continuance of the offence after the commencement of this Act, in the same manner as if the offence had been committed under the corresponding provision of this Act.

6. —(1) Any reference in this Act to an order or scheme made or confirmed under an enactment which is not repealed by, and reenacted (with or without modifications) in, this Act, shall be construed as a reference to any order or scheme so made or confirmed whether before or after the commencement of this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, any reference in this Act to an order or scheme made or confirmed under an enactment contained in the Highways Act 1959 or the 1959 c. 25. New Towns Act 1965, or under any other such enactment as is 1965 c. 59. mentioned in that sub-paragraph, shall be construed as including a reference to any order or scheme made or confirmed under any corresponding provisions of an enactment repealed by the said Act of 1959 or 1965, or repealed by the enactment in question, as the case may be. 7

7. In the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, references (however expressed) to things done under enactments repealed by this Act shall be construed, in relation to the Act of 1962, as including references to things which, by virtue of paragraph 18 of Schedule 13 or Part I of Schedule 14 to the Act of 1962 fell to be treated as if done under that Act.

Pt. m M2

2072

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24

Part n

Central and Local Administration Transfer of property and officers to local planning authorities

8. Nothing in this Act or the Act of 1962 shall affect, or be treated as having affected, the operation of any regulations made by virtue of section 101 of the Act of 1947 (provisions for transfer of property and officers to local planning authorities and for other matters consequential upon or supplementary to section 4 of that Act) in so far as any such regulations do not have effect in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

Delegation of functions: compensation in respect of tree preservation orders

9. The terms of any delegation of functions by a local planning authority effected in pursuance of section 3 of the Act of 1962 before 4th August 1968 may be varied, so as to take account of any liability under section 175 of this Act of a local authority to whom functions have been so delegated, in such manner as the local planning authority and the other local authority may agree, or, if they fail to agree, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

Part HI Development Plans

Designation of land as subject to compulsory acquisition

10. The repeal by the Act of 1968 of the provisions of Part II of the Act of 1962 relating to the designation of land as subject to compulsory acquisition and to land so designated (which are accordingly not reproduced in Schedule 5 to this Act) shall not affect proposals for alterations or additions to a development plan submitted under section 6 of that Act before 1st April 1969, and the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to such proposals shall continue to be exercisable as if those provisions had not been repealed and had been reproduced in that Schedule.

Effect of existing commencement orders

11. —(1) In relation to so much of any order made under section 105 of the Act of 1968 (commencement) as brings into operation any of the provisions of that Act specified in the Table below, paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Schedule shall have effect subject to this paragraph.

(2) So far as the order brings any of the said provisions into operation it shall have effect as if it were an order made under section 21(2) of this Act repealing the provisions of this Act set out opposite to the first-mentioned provisions in the said Table.

(3) Any transitional provision made by the order in connection with any of the said provisions of the Act of 1968 which it brings into operation shall be construed so as to produce a corresponding effect in connection with the provisions of this Act which by virtue of this paragraph it is treated as repealing.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2073

Table

Provision of Act of 1968 brought into operation In Schedule 9, paragraph 5.

In Schedule 9, paragraph 35(a).

In Schedule 9, paragraph 54.

In Schedule 9, paragraph 55(a) as respects sections 1 to 12 of the Act of 1962.

In Schedule 11, the repeal of any provision of Part II of the Act of 1962.

In Schedule 11, the repeal of section 210 of the Act of 1962.

In Schedule 11, the repeal of the definition of " development plan " in section 221(1) of the Act of

1962.

In Schedule 11, the repeal in section 24(6) of the London Government Act 1963.

In Schedule 11, the repeal of any provision of sections 25 to 27 of the London Government Act

1963.

Provision of this Act treated as repealed In Schedule 6, paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 7.

In Schedule 6, paragraph 2.

In Schedule 6, paragraph 9.

In Schedule 6, paragraph 11.

In Schedule 5, the corresponding provision of Part I.

In Schedule 6, paragraph 6.

In Schedule 6, paragraphs 1 and 8.

In Schedule 6, paragraph 10.

In Schedule 5, the corresponding provision of Part II.

Sch.24

Part IV General Planning Control Planning permission: general

12. Subsection (1) of section 23 of this Act applies (subject to the provisions of that section) to the carrying out of development whether before or after the commencement of this Act, except that it does not apply to development carried out on or before the appointed day.

13. In sections 26 and 27 of this Act references to an application for planning permission do not include references to any application made before 16th August 1959.

14. Subsection (2 ){b)of section 26, and the other provisions of that section relating to subsection (2)(6), do not apply to any application made before 1st April 1969. 15

15. Where by virtue of paragraph 12 of Schedule 14 to the Act of 1962 (works for making good war damage which were begun between the appointed day and 13th December 1950) any works were, immediately before the commencement of this Act, treated for the purposes of that Act as if planning permission had been granted unconditionally in respect thereof, those works shall be so treated for the purposes of this Act also.

Pt. m M3

2074

c.7S

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch.24 16. For the purposes of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any order made or having effect as if made by virtue of subsection (3) of section 19 of the Act of 1962, being an order which was saved on the repeal of that subsection by the Secretary of State for the S.1. 1970/1681 Environment Order 1970, shall be treated as having been made under provisions of the Act of 1962 corresponding to those of section 31 of this Act notwithstanding the omission from the said section 31 of provisions corresponding to those of the said section 19 which were repealed as aforesaid.

Review of planning decisions and orders under Part V of Act of 1954

17. For the purposes of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any direction given under section 45(3) or (4) of the Act of 1954, whether before or (by virtue of paragraph 79 of this Schedule) after the commencement of this Act, as well as any direction given under section 23 of that Act or section 25 of the Act of 1962, shall be treated as a direction which could have been given under provisions of the Act of 1962 corresponding to those of section 38 of this Act.

Duration of planning permission

18. Sections 41 and 42 of this Act do not apply to planning permissions granted or deemed to have been granted before 1st April 1969.

19. —(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, every planning permission granted or deemed to have been granted before 1st April 1969 shall, if the development to which it relates had not been begun before the beginning of 1968, be deemed to have been granted subject to a condition that the development must be begun not later than the expiration of five years beginning with 1st April 1969.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph does not apply—

(a) to any planning permission which was granted or deemed

to be granted before 1st April 1969 subject to an express condition that the development to which it relates should be begun, or be completed, not later than a specified date or within a specified period ; or

(b) to any such planning permission as is mentioned in

section 41(3) of this Act.

20. —(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, where before 1st April 1969 outline planning permission (as defined by section 42 of this Act) has been granted for development consisting in or including the carrying out of building or other operations, and the development has not been begun before the beginning of 1968, that planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to conditions to the following effect—

(a) that, in the case of any reserved matter (as defined in that section), application for approval must be made not later than the expiration of three years beginning with 1st April 1969 ; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2075

(6) that the development to which the permission relates must Sen. 24 be begun not later than whichever is the later of the following dates—

(i) the expiration of five years from 1st April 1969 ; or

(ii) the expiration of two years from the final approval of the reserved matters or, in the case of approval on different dates, the final approval of the last such matter to be approved.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph does not apply to any planning permission granted before 1st April 1969 subject to an express condition that the development to which it relates should be begun, or be completed, or that application for approval of any reserved matter should be made, not later than a specified date or within a specified period.

21. —(1) In sections 30(3), 43(1), (5), (6) and (7), 44 and 46(6) of this Act references to section 41 and 42 of this Act shall respectively include references to paragraphs 19 and 20 of this Schedule.

(2) In sections 147(3), 169(7), 180(4) and 237(5) of this Act references to the conditions referred to in sections 41 and 42 of this Act shall include references to the conditions referred to in paragraphs 19 and 20 of this Schedule.

22. Until the coming into operation of the first regulations to be made for the purposes of paragraph (c) of section 43(3) of this Act (or the corresponding enactment previously in force), regulations made

for the purposes of section 99(2) of the Land Commission Act 1967 1967 c. 1. shall have effect as if made also for the purposes of that paragraph.

Part V

Additional Control in Special Cases Buildings of architectural or historic interest

23. Section 55(1) of this Act does not apply to any works executed or caused to be executed before 1st January 1969.

24. —(1) Where, before 1st January 1969, consent under a building preservation order was given, either by the local planning authority or by the Minister on appeal, for the execution of any works, the consent shall operate in respect of those works as listed building consent, subject to the same conditions (if any) as were attached to the consent under the building preservation order.

(2) In the case of demolition works for which consent was given under a building preservation order compliance with section 55(2){b) of this Act shall not be required.

Replacement of trees

25. Section 59 of this Act does not apply in relation to planning permission granted before 28th August 1967.

Pt. Ill M 4

2076

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24 1966 c. 34.

1960 c. 18.

1945 c. 36.

1965 c. 33.

Industrial development

26.—(1) So much of sections 66 to 72 of this Act as corresponds to provisions of the Industrial Development Act 1966 does not apply in relation to any application for planning permission made, or any industrial development certificate issued, before 19th August 1966; and so much of those sections as corresponds to provisions of the Local Employment Act 1960 does not apply in relation to any application for planning permission made before 1st April 1960.

(2) Section 70(3X6) of this Act does not apply to any industrial development certificate issued before 1st April 1969.

(3) In relation to an application for planning permission made before 1st April 1960, " industrial building " has the meaning assigned to it in section 15 of the Distribution of Industry Act 1945.

(4) In relation to a relevant application (as defined in subsection

(4) of section 68 of this Act) on which a planning decision was made before 5th August 1965, that section shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to those of section 39 of the Act of 1962 without the amendments made by section 20 of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965.

27. Without prejudice to Part I of this Schedule, any order in force at the commencement of this Act under section 19 of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 shall have effect as an order under section 69 of this Act, and section 68 of this Act shall accordingly have effect subject to the provisions of that order.

Office development

28. —(1) Subject to paragraph 29 of this Schedule, sections 74 and 75 of this Act do not apply to any application for planning permission made before 5 th August 1965.

(2) Section 78 of this Act does not apply to any planning permission granted before 5th August 1965 and, in relation to any planning permission granted on or after 5th August 1965 and before 1st April 1969, shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to section 7 of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 (so far as applicable to such a permission) without the amendments made by section 84 of the Act of 1968.

(3) Section 76(2) of this Act does not apply to any application for planning permission made before 1st April 1969 and sections 79 and 80 of this Act do not apply to any planning permission granted before 1st April 1969.

29. —(1) Sections 74 and 75 of this Act apply in relation to an application for planning permission to carry out development to which those sections apply on land within the metropolitan region (as defined in section 85 of this Act) which was made before 5th August 1965 but on which no planning decision had been made before that date.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

(2) In its application, by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, in relation to an application made before the said date, section 74(1) of this Act shall have effect as if for the words "together with the application" there were substituted the words "as soon as practicable after the permit is issued".

30. Without prejudice to Part I of this Schedule, any order in force at the commencement of this Act under section 2(7) of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 shall have effect as an order under subsection (8) of section 75 of this Act, and subsection (7) of that section shall accordingly have effect subject to the provisions of that order.

Part VI Enforcement of Control Enforcement notices under enactments in force before 1st April 1969

31. —(1) This paragraph applies to any enforcement notice which was served before 1st April 1969 on the owner and occupier of the land to which it related under section 45 of the Act of 1962 or which has effect by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule 14 to that Act or to which paragraph 32, 33 or 34 of this Schedule applies.

(2) In relation to any such notice—

(a) the provisions of this Act (other than this Schedule) shall not apply;

(b) notwithstanding their repeal or amendment by the Act of

1968, die provisions of the Act of 1962 and of any other Act passed before the Act of 1968 shall, subject to the subsequent provisions of this Schedule, have effect as they would have had effect in relation to the notice if the Act of 1968 and this Act had not been passed.

(3) In relation to an enforcement notice served before 1st April 1969, paragraph 4 of Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect as if the references to provisions of this Act were references to the corresponding provisions of the Act of 1962.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the withdrawal, on or after 1st April 1969, of an enforcement notice so served or the service thereafter of an enforcement notice under Part V of this Act.

Enforcement notices served before 29 August 1960

32. —(1) This paragraph applies to any enforcement notice served before 29th August 1960 on the owner and occupier of the land to which it related other than a notice to which paragraph 33 of this Schedule applies.

(2) In relation to any such notice—

(a) sections 45 to 49 and section 177(1) of the Act of 1962 shall not apply;

{b) notwithstanding their repeal by the Act of 1962, sections 23 and 24 of the Act of 1947 shall have effect as they would have had effect in relation to the notice if the Act of 1962 had not been passed;

2077

Sch.24

1965 c. 33.

2078 c. 78 Town and Country Planning Act

Sea. 24 (c) section 50 of the Act of 1962 shall not apply if the planning

permission in question was granted before the said 29th August;

(i d)for the references in section 51(3) and (4) of the Act of 1962 to section 48 of that Act, there shall be substituted references to section 24(1) of the Act of 1947 and in section 51(5) of the Act of 1962 the words from "and no person" onwards shall be omitted.

Enforcement notices served by virtue of section 75 of Act of 1947

33. —(1) This paragraph applies to any enforcement notice served before the commencement of this Act by virtue of section 75 of the Act of 1947 (which related to development contravening planning control under the enactments repealed by that Act), being a notice which had not ceased for all purposes to have effect before the commencement of this Act.

(2) The repeal by the Act of 1962 of the said section 75 shall not invalidate any enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies.

(3) In relation to any such notice which was served before 29th August 1960 on the owner and occupier of the land to which it related—

(a) sections 45 to 49 of the Act of 1962 shall not apply;

(b) sections 23 and 24 of the Act of 1947, as applied by section 75 of that Act, shall have effect as they would have had effect in relation to the notice if the Act of 1962 had not been passed; and

(c) section 50 of that Act shall not apply if the planning per-

mission in question was granted before the said 29th August

(4) In relation to any enforcement notice to which this paragraph applies, not being a notice falling with sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, section 45(3) and (5) and (subject to paragraphs 35 to 38 of this Schedule) sections 46 to 51 of the Act of 1962 shall have effect as they have effect in relation to an enforcement notice served under section 45 of that Act.

34. —(1) In so far as an enforcement notice could, if the Act of 1962 and this Act had not been passed, have been served by virtue of section 75 of the Act of 1947 at a time on or after the date of the commencement of this Act, in respect of any works or use of land of a description to which that section applied, there shall subsist by virtue of this paragraph a corresponding power in the like circumstances to serve an enforcement notice (to the like effect as that which could have been so served) in respect of those works or that use of land.

(2) Section 45(3) and (5) and (subject to paragraphs 35 to 38 of this Schedule) sections 46 to 51 of the Act of 1962 shall have effect in relation to an enforcement notice served by virtue of this paragraph as they have effect in relation to an enforcement notice served under section 45 of that Act

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2079

35. —(1) Where an enforcement notice falling within paragraph 33(4) of this Schedule, or an enforcement notice served by virtue of paragraph 34 of this Schedule, was or is served in respect of any works being government war works within the meaning of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act 1945, then, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph—

(a) if the steps required by the notice have been taken by the

owner or occupier of the land, any expenses reasonably incurred in that behalf shall be recoverable from the authority by whom the notice was served;

(b) where the steps required by the notice have been taken by that authority, the authority shall not be entitled, under section 48 of the Act of 1962, to recover the expenses incurred by them in that behalf.

(2) Where under section 2(1 Xh) of the Compensation (Defence) Act 1939 compensation has been paid equal to the full cost (as estimated for the purposes of that compensation) of taking the steps required by the enforcement notice, sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall not apply.

(3) Where compensation has been paid in respect of the land, being either compensation under the said section 2(lXb) but not equal to the full cost (as so estimated) of taking those steps, or being compensation under section 3(4) of that Act, the amount which by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph is recoverable from the authority by whom the enforcement notice was served, or, as the case may be, is not recoverable by that authority, shall be reduced so far as may be just having regard to the compensation so paid.

36. In the application of section 46 of the Act of 1962 to an enforcement notice by virtue of paragraph 33 or 34 of this Schedule, subsection (1) of that section shall have effect as if for paragraphs (b) and (c) there were substituted the following paragraph—

"(6) that the works or use to which the enforcement notice relates are not works or a use to which section 75 of the Act of 1947 applies

37. —(1) The power of a local planning authority under Part III of this Act to grant planning permission for the retention on land of buildings or works constructed or carried out before the date of application, or for the continuance of a use of land instituted before that date, shall include power to grant such permission in respect of any buildings or other works, or use of land, in respect of which that authority are empowered to serve an enforcement notice by virtue of paragraph 34 of this Schedule.

(2) Where permission is so granted, paragraphs 33 to 35 of this Schedule shall cease to apply to the works or use to which the permission relates, but without prejudice to the application thereto of any provisions of Part V of this Act with respect to the contravention of conditions subject to which planning permission has been granted.

Sch.24 1945 c. 43.

1939 c. 75.

2080

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24 38. Where in pursuance of paragraph 89(3) of this Schedule

permission is granted for the retention on land of works, or the continuance of a use, authorised as mentioned in the said paragraph 89(3), such of the provisions of paragraphs 33 to 37 of this Schedule as (apart from this paragraph) would be applicable thereto shall cease to apply to those works or that use, but without prejudice to the application thereto of any provisions of Part V of this Act with respect to the contravention of conditions subject to which planning permission has been granted.

39. The repeal by the Act of 1962 of section 75 of the Act of

1947 shall not affect the operation of any regulations made under

subsection (8) of that section (which enabled provision to be made by regulations for applying the provisions of that section to contraventions, committed before the appointed day, of restrictions under enactments other than those relating to town and country planning) or of the provisions of that section as applied by any such regulations.

Enforcement of building preservation orders

40. The repeal by the Act of 1968 of section 30 of the Act of

1962 shall not prevent a council from taking such proceedings as

could have been taken but for the repeal to enforce any budding preservation order made under that section and for securing the restoration of a building to its former state; and in relation to any such proceedings the provisions of the order, and of any provisions of the Act of 1962 incorporated therein, shall continue to have the same effect as if the Act of 1968 had not been passed.

Enforcement of duties as to trees

41. Subsection (3) of section 103 of this Act shall have effect in relation to a notice served under that section before 1st April 1969 with the substitution for the words from "section 88(2)" to 44 directions " of the words 44 subsections (2) to (5) of section 46 of the Act of 1962 ",

Part VII

Acquisition of Land etc.

Consent of Minister to acquisition, appropriation or disposal of land

42. Nothing in Part I of this Schedule shall be construed as validating any transaction whereby a local authority purported, in the exercise of a power conferred by an enactment repealed by the Act of 1962, but without the consent of the Minister then required by that enactment—

(a) to acquire land by agreement in pursuance of a contract

made before 16th August 1959 ; or

(b) to appropriate or dispose of land before that date,

notwithstanding that the transaction could have been validly effected without that consent under the corresponding provisions of Part VI of this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2081

Existing compulsory purchase orders

43. —(1) Sections 112 and 113 of this Act shall not apply, and (notwithstanding their repeal by the Act of 1968) sections 67 and 68 of the Act of 1962 shall continue to apply to any land the acquisition of which was, immediately before 1st April 1969, authorised by a compulsory purchase order made by a local authority or statutory undertakers or by a Minister, or was then proposed to be authorised by such an order which had not been confirmed by a Minister or, as the case may be, had been prepared in draft by a Minister, but with respect to which a notice had then been published in accordance with paragraph 3(1 Xa) of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946.

(2) The validity of a compulsory purchase order made under section 67, 68 or 69 of the Act of 1962 shall not be affected by the repeal by the Act of 1968 of the section under which the order was made ; and a compulsory purchase order made (but not confirmed), or made in draft, before the repeal of that section took effect may be confirmed or made thereunder as if the Act of 1968 had not been passed.

44. In relation to a compulsory purchase order confirmed under Part I of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946, or made under Part II of that Schedule, before 1st January 1966, section 132(4) of this Act shall have effect—

(a) with the substitution for the words " the Compulsory Pur-

chase Act 1965 in relation to" of the words "the Lands Clauses Acts as incorporated (by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946) with " ; and

(b) with the substitution in paragraph ( ) for the words " section

10 of the said Act of 1965 to the acquiring authority" of the words " section 68 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845, to the promoters of the underaking ".

45. The repeals effected by the Act of 1962 shall not affect the validity of any order authorising the compulsory acquisition of any land—

( a) under section 37(2) of the Act of 1947 (which enabled the Minister of Works or the Postmaster-General, during the period before a development plan had become operative with respect to any area, to be authorised in certain circumstances to acquire land compulsorily) ;

(b) under section 38(2) of that Act (which enabled certain local authorities, during any such period, to be authorised in certain circumstances to acquire land compulsorily); or

(c) under subsection (3) of section 38 of that Act in a case where

the power conferred by that subsection was exercisable in lieu of the exercise of the power conferred by subsection (2) thereof,

or of any notice served or other thing done in pursuance of any such order.

46. Any compulsory purchase order made or confirmed under Part I of the Act of 1944 (whether before or after the appointed day) shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act.

Sgh.24

1946 c. 49.

2082

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24 1946 c. 49.

1838 c. 74. 1965 c. 75

continue in force and shall have effect as if it had been made under the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 as applied by Part VI of this Act

Application of Part VI to land acquired or authorised to be acquired under previous enactments

47. The provisions of Part VI of this Act shall have effect in relation to land acquired, or authorised to be acquired, in pursuance of any such order as is mentioned in paragraph 45 of this Schedule as if—

(a) in the case of land acquired, or authorised to be acquired, by

a local authority, the land had been acquired, or authorised to be acquired, by that local authority under section 112 of this Act;

(b) in the case of land acquired, or authorised to be acquired, by a Minister, the land had been acquired, or authorised to be acquired, by that Minister under section 113 of this Act.

48. For the purposes of Part VI of this Act—

(a) any land acquired by a local authority in pursuance of a

compulsory purchase order under Part I of the Act of 1944 shall be deemed to have been acquired under section 112 of this Act;

(b) any land acquired by a Minister in pursuance of any such order shall be deemed to have been acquired by him under section 113 of this Act;

(c) any land acquired by a local authority by agreement under

the Act of 1944 shall be deemed to have been acquired under section 119 of this Act.

49. The reference in subsection (1) of section 133 of this Act to the acquisition of land under section 68 or 71 of the Act of 1962 shall include a reference to the acquisition of land under section 38 or 40 of the Act of 1947 ; and the reference in that subsection to the appropriation of land for purposes for which land can be or could have been acquired under the provisions there mentioned is a reference to the appropriation of land for those purposes whether before or after the commencement of this Act.

Provisions as to Central Land Board

50. Section 127 of this Act shall have effect in relation to land acquired by the Central Land Board under section 43 of the Act of 1947 as it has effect in relation to land acquired by a local authority for planning purposes (as defined by section 133(1) of this Act).

Application of Small Tenements Recovery Act 1838

51. Until such day as may be appointed under section 35(5) of the Rent Act 1965, section 130 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained a provision corresponding to section 84(4) of the Act of 1962, the reference to Part V of that Act being construed as a reference to Part VI of this Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2083

Part Vm Sen. 24

Compensation Under Part VII of this Act Compensation under Part V of Act of 1954

52. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, for the purposes of the construction of sections 158 to 161 of this Act in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, any compensation (whether by way of principal or interest) under Part V of the Act of 1954, and any claim for, or notice registered in respect of, any such compensation, as well as any compensation under Part II of that Act, or any claim for, or notice registered in respect of, compensation under the said Part II, shall be treated as compensation or, as the case may be, a claim for, or a notice registered in respect of compensation, under provisions of that Act corresponding to those of Part VII of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of the construction of section 158 of this Act in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in relation to Part V of the Act of 1954, any reference to a planning decision shall be construed as including a reference to an order under section 21 of the Act of 1947.

(3) Where compensation under Part V of the Act of 1954 became or becomes payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, then (notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this paragraph) the provisions of sections 159 and 161 of this Act shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by the order.

Provision excluding recovery of compensation

53. For the purposes of the construction, in accordance with Part 1 of this Schedule, of section 160(4) of this Act—

(a) the provisions of section 52(6) of the Act of 1954 as originally enacted; and

(b) those provisions as applied by any regulations made under section 52(8) of that Act,

as well as the provisions of the said section 52(6) as amended by section 51 of the Act of 1959, shall be treated as provisions corresponding to those of section 257 of this Act.

Part IX

Compensation Under Part VDI of this Act Compensation to statutory undertakers

54. Subsection (3) of section 165 of this Act shall not apply where the refusal or grant of planning permission referred to in subsection (lXc) of that section was before 6th December 1968.

Contribution by Secretary of State towards compensation

55. For the purposes of the construction of section 167(1) of this Act in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, any compensation which could have been claimed and would have been payable under Part V of the Act of 1954, as well as any compensation which could have been claimed and would have been payable under Part II of

2084

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.24

1958 c. 55.

that Act, shall be treated as compensation which could have been claimed and would have been payable under provisions of that Act corresponding to the provisions of Part VII of this Act.

Recovery of compensation

56. For the purposes of the construction of section 168(3) of this Act in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, any grant paid—

(a) under the provisions of the section substituted by section 50

of the Act of 1954 for section 93 of the Act of 1947, but without the amendments made by the Local Government Act 1958 ; or

(b) under the provisions of Part IX of the Act of 1947 as originally enacted,

as well as any grant paid under the provisions of the said section 93 as in force immediately before the commencement of the Act of 1962, shall be treated as a grant paid under provisions corresponding to those of Part XIII of this Act.

Part X Blight Notices Notices served before 1st April 1969

57. In relation to a notice served under section 139 of the Act of 1962 before 1st April 1969, and to any hereditament or agricultural unit which is the subject of the notice, sections 194 to 207 of this Act shall, on and after that date, have effect as if they contained the provisions in sections 140 to 151 of the Act of 1962 without any of the amendments made by Part IV of the Act of 1968.

Temporary inclusion of additional description of blighted land

58. —(1) For the proposes of the application of sections 192 to 207 of this Act to a district to which this paragraph applies—

(a) the description of land contained in section 138(lXh) of the Act of 1962 shall be included among the specified descrip* tions as defined in section 192(6) of this Act; and

( b) in sections 193(3) and 206(2) of this Act references to paragraph (b) of section 192(1) of this Act shall include references to the said section 138(l)(h).

(2) This paragraph applies to any district for which no local plan is in force under Part II of this Act—

(a) allocating any land in the district for the purposes of such

functions as are mentioned in section 192(l)(a) of this Act; or

(b) defining any land in the district as the site of proposed development for the purposes of any such functions.

Part XI Highways Provisions as to telegraphic lines

59. —(1) In relation to an order made under section 153 of the Act of 1962 before 1st October 1969 or, as the case may be, an order under section 155 of that Act in respect of which the notice

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2085

required by section 154 of that Act was published before that date, section 220(1), (2) and (3) of this Act shall have effect as if references to a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Post Office were references to a telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster-General.

(2) Where the period referred to in paragraph ( ) of subsection (3) of section 220 of this Act began to run before, and was current on, the said date, that paragraph shall have effect as if the reference to notice having been given by the Post Office before the end of that period included a reference to notice having been so given by the Postmaster-General, and paragraph (c) of that subsection shall have effect as if the reference to the Post Office included a reference to the Postmaster-General.

Part XII Statutory Undertakers

Application of ss. 225 to 231 to matters arising before 6th December 1968

60.—(1) This paragraph shall have effect as respects the application, by virtue of Part I of this Schedule, of the provisions of this Act hereinafter specified in relation to matters arising before 6th December 1968 (in this paragraph referred to as " the relevant date ").

(2) In relation to any application for planning permission made before the relevant date or any appeal from the decision on an application so made, section 225 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to section 159(2) and (5) of the Act of 1962 and as if subsection (2)(6) were omitted.

(3) In relation to any decision made before the relevant date, section 226 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to section 160(1) of the Act of 1962.

(4) In relation to any order of which notice has been given under section 161(2) of the Act of 1962 before the relevant date, section 227 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to the said section 161(2).

(5) In relation to any order of which notice has been given under section 162(2) of the Act of 1962 before the relevant date, section 228 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to the said section 162(2).

(6) In relation to a compulsory purchase order made or confirmed before the relevant date, section 229 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to section 163(3X6) of the Act of 1962. 7

(7) In relation to any order made before the relevant date under section 164 of the Act of 1962, section 231 of this Act shall have effect as if it contained provisions corresponding to section 165(3) of the Act of 1962.

Sch.24

2086

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24 Extinguishment of rights: notices served before 6th December 1968

61. In relation to a notice served before 6th December 1968, section 230(1) of this Act shall have effect with the omission—

(a) of the words from " if satisfied " to " appropriated " ; and

(b) of the words from " of twenty-eight days " to " as may be ".

Application of section 230 to land acquired by Central Land Board

62. In section 230(1) of this Act, the reference to land acquired by a Minister, a local authority or statutory undertakers under Part VI of this Act shall be construed as including a reference to land acquired by the Central Land Board under Part IV of the Act of 1947, as well as to land acquired under the said Part IV by a Minister, a local authority or statutory undertakers.

Right to compensation for decisions made before 6th December 1968

63. In its application, by virtue of Part I of this Schedule, to a decision made before 6th December 1968, section 237 of this Act shall have effect as if for subsection (l)(a) there were substituted provisions corresponding to section 170(1 Xu) and (6) of the Act of 1962 and as if subsection (5) contained a proviso corresponding to that in section 170(3) of the Act of 1962.

Enactments applying section 25 of Act of 1944

64. —(1) This paragraph shall have effect for the purposes of any enactment which applies the provisions of section 25 of the Act of 1944 with adaptations consisting of or including adaptations of the references in that section to a purchasing authority or to the purchasing or appropriating authority.

(2) Any such enactment shall be construed (in accordance with 1889 c. 63. Part I of this Schedule or section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889) as applying the provisions of section 230 and section 237(2) of this Act with corresponding adaptations of the references in those provisions to a Minister, a local authority or statutory undertakers, or to the acquiring or appropriating authority, as the case may require.

Part XIII

Validity of Planning Decisions etc.

Orders made and action taken before 16th August 1959

65.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in Part I of this Schedule, the provisions of section 242 of this Act shall not have effect in relation to—

(a) any order made before 16th August 1959 under any of the provisions of the Act of 1947 corresponding to the provisions of this Act under which the orders mentioned in subsection (2) of that section can be made ; or

(b) any action on the part of the Minister of Housing and Local Government taken before the said 16th August under any

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2087

of the provisions of that Act or of the Act of 1954 corresponding to the provisions of this Act under which action of the descriptions mentioned in subsection (3) of that section can be taken.

and section 245 does not apply to any such order or action as is mentioned in this sub-paragraph.

(2) In relation to any action which, in accordance with any provisions of the Act of 1947 corresponding to provisions of Part XI of this Act. was required to be taken by the said Minister and the appropriate Minister, the reference in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph to the said Minister shall be construed as a reference to that Minister and the appropriate Minister.

66. Section 247 of this Act does not apply to any decision of the Minister of Housing and Local Government made before 16th August 1959 under any of the provisions of the Act of 1947 corresponding to the provisions of this Act mentioned in subsection (2) of that section.

Notices relating to waste land and listed buildings

67. —(1) Section 243(3) of this Act does not apply to any notice served before 29th August 1960 under section 33(1) of the Act of 1947.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this Act or the Act of 1968, section 177(3) of the Act of 1962 shall continue to have effect as originally enacted in relation to a notice served (or treated as served) under section 52 of the Act of 1962 on or after 29th August 1960 and before 1st January 1969.

Directions under Part V of Act of 1954

68. For the purposes of the construction, in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, of section 242(3)(c) of this Act (but without prejudice to paragraph 65(1) of this Schedule) any directions given on or after 16th August 1959 by the Minister of Housing and Local Government under section 45(3) or (4) of the Act of 1954, as well as any direction given by the Minister on or after that day under section 23 of that Act, shall be treated as a direction given under provisions of that Act corresponding to the provisions of section 38 of this Act.

Part XIV Financial Provisions Grants

69. Nothing in this Act shall affect the payment (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) of any grant in respect of any period before the commencement of this Act

70. Section 250 of this Act does not apply to any year earlier than the year ending on 31st March 1968.

Sea. 24

2088

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.24

S.I. 1948/1522.

S.I. 1954/1706.

Recovery of sums from acquiring authorities

71. —(1) In relation to any acquisition or sale of an interest in land in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or contract made, before 30th October 1958—

(a) Section 257 of this Act shall not apply;

( b) the repeals effected by the Act of 1962 shall not affect any right of recovering any sum in respect thereof under the provisions of section 52(6) of the Act of 1954 as originally enacted, or under those provisions as applied by regulations made under section 52(8) of that Act.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, section 257 of this Act shall have effect in relation to interests in land acquired or sold as therein mentioned whether before or after the commencement of this Act; and for the purposes of the construction of that section in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, any notice registered under the provisions of section 28 of the Act of 1954 as applied by Part V of that Act, as well as any notice registered under those provisions as applied by Part IV of that Act, shall be treated as a notice registered under provisions of that Act corresponding to the provisions of this Act referred to in section 257 of this Act, and references in that section to compensation specified in a notice shall be construed accordingly.

72. Section 258 of this Act shall have effect in relation to interests in land acquired or sold as therein mentioned whether before or after the commencement of this Act, except that it shall not have effect in relation to any acquisition or sale in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or contract made, before 6th August 1947.

Treatment of sums received under section 261(4) before 1st April 1968

73. Any sums received by the Minister of Housing and Local Government before 1st April 1968 by virtue of the provisions reenacted in the provisions mentioned in section 261(4) of this Act shall be treated as paid in satisfaction, or part satisfaction, of such one or more of the instalments payable under subsections (2) and (3) of that section as the Treasury may determine.

Part XV

Special Cases Minerals

74. The revocation by paragraph 43(1) of Schedule 14 to the Act of 1962 of Regulation 6 of the Town and Country Planning (Modification of Mines Act) Regulations 1948 (being regulations made under the provisions of the Act of 1947 corresponding to section 265 of this Act) does not affect the operation of any of the other provisions of those regulations in accordance with Part I of this Schedule.

75. —(1) Regulation 10 of the Town and Country Planning (Minerals) Regulations 1954, and section 79 of the Act of 1947 as

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2089

applied by that regulation, shall (notwithstanding the repeals effected Sch. 24 by the Act of 1962) have effect after the date of the commencement of this Act in any case where they would have had effect after that date if the Act of 1962 had not been passed.

(2) The said Regulation 10, in so far as it has effect in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, may be revoked or varied by regulations made under section 264 of this Act as if it were a regulation made under that section.

(3) In this paragraph any reference to the said Regulation 10 is a reference to that regulation as varied by any subsequent regulations.

76. In relation to any time before 10th April 1966, section 265

of this Act shall have effect as if for references to the Mines (Working 1966 c. 4. Facilities and Support) Act 1966 there were substituted references to the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1923 ; and accord-1923 c*20-ingly regulations made before that date which are in force at the commencement of this Act under section 198 of the Act of 1962, shall have effect as if made under the said section 265 and as if, in relation to any time on or after the said 10th April, references in them to the said Act of 1923 were references to the corresponding provisions of the said Act of 1966.

National Coal Board

77. Until the coming into operation of the first regulations made under section 204 of the Act of 1962 or section 273 of this Act after 6th December 1968 the provisions of Part X of the Act of 1962 applied by regulations under section 204(1) of the Act of 1962 in relation to the National Coal Board and land of that Board shall have effect as so applied as if Part XI of this Act contained provisions corresponding to Part X of the Act of 1962 without the amendments made by sections 69 to 71 of the Act of 1968.

Ecclesiastical property, settled land and land of universities and colleges

78. For the purposes of the construction of sections 274 and 275 of this Act in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, the provisions of section 46 of the Act of 1954, as well as the provisions of section 41 of that Act, shall be treated as provisions corresponding to those of section 168 of this Act.

Part XVI

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Rights and liabilities in respect of certain payments

79.—(1) The repeal effected by section 223 of the Act of 1962 shall not affect any right to, or claim for, or any liability in respect of, any payment under an enactment to which this paragraph applies ; and any such right, claim or liability shall have effect and may be enforced, and moneys in respect of any such payment shall be applicable or may be raised, in accordance with the provisions of the enactment in question (including the provisions of any othsr enactment which, immediately before the commencement of that

2090

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch. 24 Act, had effect for the purposes of that enactment) as if the Act of 1962 and this Act had not been passed, and any direction or proceed* ings relating thereto may be given, brought or continued accordingly.

(2) This paragraph applies to the following enactments, that is to say—

(u) Parts I and V of the Act of 1954 ;

(b) section 52(1) to (5) of that Act;

(c) the scheme made under section 59 of the Act of 1947 ;

(d) any other enactment which (if contained in an Act) was not

repealed by, and re-enacted (with or without modifications) in the Act of 1962 or (if not contained in an Act) has effect otherwise than by virtue of an enactment so repealed and re-enacted.

(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this paragraph, any proceedings relating to any such claim as is mentioned in section 135(1) of this Act may be brought or continued, and shall be determined in accordance with the relevant provisions (that is to say, the provisions of the Act of 1947 and of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1954 and any other enactment having effect for the purposes thereof) as if the Act of 1962 and this Act had not been passed.

(4) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall have effect in relation to any such right, claim or liability as is therein mentioned notwithstanding that, immediately before the commencement of this Act, the right, claim or liability had not yet accrued or been made or become enforceable, as the case may be:

Provided that, in relation to any such claim which had not been made before the commencement of this Act, so much of that sub-paragraph as provides that the claim shall have effect in accordance with the provisions therein mentioned shall be construed as providing that the claim may be made in accordance with those provisions, and, when made, shall have effect accordingly.

Registration of payments under s. 59 of Act of 1954

80. —(1) The repeals effected by the Act of 1962 shall not affect the operation of subsections (1) and (2) of section 57 of the Act of 1954, in so far as those subsections would have continued to have effect if the Act of 1962 had not been passed.

(2) In subsection (1) of the said section 57, the references to subsection (7) of section 52 of that Act and to paragraph ( ) of the proviso to that subsection shall be construed as including references respectively to subsection (1) and to subsection (2) of section 258 of this Act.

Entitlement to, and amount of, compensation etc. in cases arising before 25th February 1963

81. Notwithstanding Part I of this Schedule, the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections 168(4), 169(3Xc) and (6), in section 180(2) the words "or which would contravene the con-

v^.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2091

dition set out in Schedule 18 to this Act", section 180(3), section Sgh.24 278(1) to (4), paragraph 13 of Schedule 8 and Schedule 18 do not affect—

(a) any determination arising out of a notice to treat served before 25th February 1963, or served at any time in respect of a purchase notice or notice under section 139 of the Act of 1962 (or any corresponding enactment previously in force) which was served before that date ;

(b) any other determination under the Act of 1962 in respect of or arising out of a purchase notice served before that date;

(c) any claim for compensation under section 118 or 123 of the Act of 1962 (or any corresponding enactment previously in force) which arose before that date.

Definition of "local authority "

82. —(1) In relation to any time before 1st April 1965 the definition of " local authority " in section 290(1) of this Act shall have effect—

(a) as if it included a reference to a metropolitan borough ; and

(b) as if for the words "the Greater London Council, the council of a London borough and any other authority (except the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District) who are " there were substituted the words " and any other authority being

(2) For the purposes of the construction, in accordance with Part I of this Schedule, of any enactment which incorporates the definition of " local authority " in the Act of 1947, section 215 and the reference to it in section 290(1) of this Act shall be disregarded.

Saving for powers of Post Office

83. Except as provided by section 220 of this Act, nothing in the provisions of this Act specified in Part I of Schedule 21 to this Act or in any order or regulations made thereunder shall affect any powers or duties of the Post Office under the provisions of the Telegraph Acts 1863 to 1916 or apply to any telegraphic lines (within the meaning of the Telegraph Act 1878) placed or maintained 1878 c. 76. by virtue of any of the provisions of those Acts.

Saving in respect of works below high-water mark

84. Nothing in the provisions of this Act specified in Part I of Schedule 21 to this Act shall authorise the execution of any works (whether of construction, demolition or alteration) on, over or under tidal lands below high-water of ordinary spring tides, except—

{a) with the consent of any persons whose consent would have been required if the Act of 1962 had not been passed ; and

(b) in accordance with such plans and sections, and subject to such restrictions and conditions, as may be approved by the Board of Trade or the Secretary of State before the works are begun.

2092

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sen. 24 1961 c. 33.

1919 c. 57.

1932 c. 48. 1925 c. 16.

Land Compensation Act 1961 s. 31

85. Any reference in this Act to the power conferred by section 31 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 to withdraw a notice to treat shall, in relation to any notice to treat falling within section 41 of that Act, be construed as a reference to the corresponding power conferred by section 5(2) of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act 1919.

References to Ministers: previous Transfer of Functions Orders

86. —(1) Where the functions of a Minister under any enactment re-enacted or referred to in this Act have at any time been exercisable by another Minister or other Ministers, references in the relevant provision of this Act shall, as respects any such time, be construed as references to the other Minister or Ministers.

(2) In this paragraph "Minister" includes the Board of Trade and the Treasury.

Schemes and agreements under enactments repealed by Act of 1947

87. —(1) The repeal effected by the Act of 1962 shall not affect the operation of—

(a) any such scheme as was mentioned in paragraph 7 of Schedule 10 to the Act of 1947 (which related to certain schemes made under the Town and Country Planning Act 1932 and the Town Planning Act 1925) in so far as, by virtue of that paragraph, the scheme continued to have effect immediately before the commencement of this Act; or

(b) any order made under that paragraph (which empowered the Minister to make provision by order for winding up any such scheme) in so far as the order continued to have effect immediately before the commencement of this Act

(2) Any power to make orders under paragraph 7 of that Schedule shall continue to be exercisable notwithstanding the said repeal.

88. —(1) The repeal effected by the Act of 1962 shall not affect the operation of any such agreement as was mentioned in paragraph 10 of Schedule 10 to the Act of 1947 (which related to certain agreements made before the appointed day for restricting the planning, development or use of land), or of any order discharging or modifying a restriction imposed by such an agreement, in so far as any such agreement or order was in force immediately before the commencement of this Act; and any such agreement may be enforced as if the Act of 1962 and this Act had not been passed.

(2) Nothing in any such agreement shall be construed as restricting the exercise, in relation to land to which the agreement applies, of any powers exercisable by any Minister or authority under this Act, so long as those powers are exercised in accordance with the

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

c.78

2093

provisions of the development plan, or in accordance with any Sch. 24 directions which may have been given by the Secretary of State by virtue of paragraph 6 of Schedule 6 to this Act, or as requiring the exercise of any such powers otherwise than in accordance with such provisions or directions.

(3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, on application made to him by any person being a party to any such agreement, or a person entitled to land affected thereby, or by the local planning authority, that any restriction on the development or use of the land imposed by the agreement is inconsistent with the proper planning or development of the area comprising the land, he may by order discharge or modify that restriction so far as appears to him to be expedient.

(4) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, if any person being a party to any such agreement (whether as originally made or as modified under that sub-paragraph), or a person entitled to land affected thereby, claims that the agreement ought to be modified or rescinded, having regard to the provisions of this Act or to anything done under this Act or under the Act of 1947 or the Act of 1962, he may refer to arbitration the question whether the agreement should be so modified or rescinded, and the arbitrator may make such award as appears to him to be just having regard to all the circumstances.

Development authorised under enactments repealed by Act of 1947

89.—(1) Where any works on land existing at the appointed day, or any use to which land was put on that day, had been authorised by a permission granted subject to conditions under a scheme under the Town and Country Planning Act 1932 (or under an enactment 1932 c. 48. repealed by that Act) or under an order made under section 10(1) of that Act (in the subsequent provisions of this Schedule referred to as " a planning scheme " and " an interim development order ") the provisions of Parts III and V of this Act, the provisions of Part IX of this Act relating to purchase notices, and the provisions of sections 225 to 228 of this Act, shall apply in relation to those works or that use as if the conditions had been imposed on the grant of planning permission.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, where any such permission was granted subject to conditions (in whatever form) restricting the period for which the works or use might be continued on the land, then, if that period had not expired at the appointed day and the works were or are not removed, or the use discontinued, at the end of that period, the provisions of Part V of this Act relating to enforcement notices shall apply in relation thereto as if the works had been carried out, or the use begun, as the case may be, at the end of that period and without the grant of planning permission in that behalf.

(3) The power of a local planning authority under Part III of this Act to grant permission for the retention on land of buildings or works constructed or carried out before the date of the application, or the continuance of any use of land instituted before that date.

2094

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Sch.24

1946 c. 35.

1943 c. 34.

1935 c. 47.

shall include power to grant such permission in respect of any works or use authorised by a permission granted subject to any such conditions as are mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph.

(4) Where at any time before the appointed day it was determined under the Building Restrictions (War-Time Contraventions) Act 1946 that any works on land or any use of land should be deemed to comply with planning control (within the meaning of that Act) subject to any conditions specified in the determination, the provisions of this paragraph shall apply in relation to those works or that use as if those conditions had been imposed on the grant of permission under a planning scheme or an interim development order.

(5) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act for applying the preceding provisions of this paragraph, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the regulations, to works on land carried out. or uses of land begun, at any time before the appointed day. in accordance with permission granted subject to conditions under any enactment repealed by the Act of 1947. other than the enactments relating to town and country planning; and for the purposes of this provision any works or use in respect of which a notice was served under subsection (1) of section 1 of the Restriction of Ribbon Development (Temporary Development) Act 1943 or was deemed by virtue of subsection (4) of that section to have been so served, shall be treated as carried out or begun in accordance with permission granted subject to a condition restricting the period for which the works or use might be continued on the land.

90.—(1) Where permission for any development of land was granted, at any time after 21st July 1943 and before the appointed day, on an application in that behalf made under an interim development order, then, if and so far as that development was not carried out before the appointed day and the permission was in force immediately before that day, planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted in respect thereof subject to the like conditions (if any) as were imposed by the permission under the interim development order as it had effect immediately before the appointed day:

Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not apply in relation to any development for which permission was required before the appointed day under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 unless that permission was also granted.

(2) The provisions of section 45 of this Act shall apply in relation to planning permission which is deemed to have been granted by virtue of this paragraph as if it had been granted on an application under Part III of this Act; and, in relation to any order made under that section for the revocation or modification of any such permission, any reference in section 164(3) of this Act to die grant of permission shall be construed as a reference to the grant of the permission under the interim development order.

Town and Country Planning Act

c. 78

2095

(3) Where permission for any development of land was granted as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, and permission for that development was also granted under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 then, if the permission so granted under the said Act of 1935 was granted subject to conditions, those conditions shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as conditions imposed by the permission granted under the interim development order.

91. —(1) Where any works for the erection or alteration of a building had been begun but not completed before the appointed day, then if—

(a) immediately before that day those works could have been

completed in conformity with the provisions of a planning scheme or of permission granted thereunder, or in accordance with permission granted by or under an interim development order; and

( b) where any permission was required under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 for the carrying out of those works, that permission was granted, planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted in respect of the completion of those works.

(2) The planning permission deemed to have been granted by virtue of this paragraph shall be deemed to have been so granted subject to any conditions applicable thereto under the scheme or the permission granted by or under the interim development order, as the case may be, and to any conditions imposed by the permission (if any) granted under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act 1935 and shall include permission to use the building, when erected or altered—

( d)where the purpose for which it could be so used was prescribed by or under the planning scheme, or by the permission granted by or under the interim development order, as the case may be, for that purpose ;

(b) in any other case, for the purpose for which the building,

or the building as altered, was designed.

(3) In relation to any such works as are mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, being works in respect of which permission was granted after 21st July 1943, on an application in that behalf made under an interim development order, the provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of paragraph 90 of this Schedule.

92. —(1) Any reference in Part VII of this Act, or in Schedule 15 thereto, to a planning decision shall, where the context so admits, include a reference to any decision deemed to have been made by virtue of the provisions of paragraph 90 or paragraph 91 of this Schedule.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall have effect without prejudice to the provisions of Part I of this Schedule.

Sch.24

1935 c. 47.

2096

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act

Sch.24 1971 c. 23.

Section 292.

Appeals to the Crown Court

93. As respects any time before the coming into force of section 3 of the Courts Act 1971, sections 106, 114(7) and 117(6) of this Act shall have effect as if for references to the Crown Court there were substituted references to a court of quarter sessions.

Supplementary

94.—(1) Where in this Act (including this Schedule except Part I thereof) express provision is made in respect of any matter, the provisions of Part I of this Schedule, in so far as they are applicable to that matter, shall have effect subject to that express provision.

(2) Except as provided by sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the mention in any provisions of this Act (including this Schedule except Part I thereof) of any matter to which Part I of this Schedule is applicable shall not be construed as affecting the generality of the provisions of Part I of this Schedule.

SCHEDULE 25 Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of repeal

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons In Schedule 1, in Part II, the

c. 20. Disqualification Act 1957. words "A Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968. "

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country The whole Act except sections

c. 38. Planning Act 1962. 222,224 and 226 and Schedule 12.

1963 c. 17. The Town and Country Planning Act 1963. Section 1. Section 3. Section 4(1) to (3). The Schedule.

1963 c. 29. The Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963. Section 12(2).

1963 c. 33. The London Government Act 1963. Sections 24 to 29.

1963 c. 38. The Water Resources Act 1963. In section 71(5) the words " and in the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 ",

Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78

2097

Chapter Short Title Extent of repeal

1964 c. 51. The Universities and College Estates Act 1964. In Schedule 3, in Part II, the entry relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

1965 c. 33. The Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965. Sections 1 to 16. Sections 18 to 20. Section 22(1). Sections 23 and 24. Section 25(1) to (4). In section 26(2), the words from the beginning to " 1962 to 1965; and ". Schedules 1 to 3.

1965 c. 56. The Compulsory Purchase Act 1965. In Schedule 6, the entry relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962. In Schedule 7, the entry relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

1966 c. 4. The Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1966. In Schedule 2, paragraph 3.

1966 c. 34. The Industrial Development Act 1966. Part III. In section 31(3) the words from " together with the Town and Country Planning Acts 1962 to 1965 " to " 1962 to 1966 and ". In Schedule 3, in Part m, the entry relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

1966 c. 42. The Local Government Act 1966. Section 7.

1967 c. 69. The Civic Amenities Act 1967. Section 1. Section 3. Section 6. Section 8. Section 11. Part II except section 15(2). In section 28(1), paragraph (a) and, in paragraph (c), the words " section 6, section 14". In section 30(1) the definition of " the Planning Act of 1968 ".

1968 c. 13. The National Loans Act 1968. Section 11.

1968 c. 23. The Rent Act 1968. In Schedule 15, the entry relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

1968 c. 41. The Countryside Act 1968. 1 Sections 25 and 26. 1

2098

c. 78

Town and Country Planning Act 1971

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1968 c. 72. The Town and Country Sections 1 to 26.

Planning Act 1968. | i Section 27 except paragraph ( ). Sections 28 and 29. Sections 32 to 38. Sections 40 to 57. Sections 60 to 87. Sections 90 to 98. Sections 100 to 102. Section 103(a).

In section 104(1), the definition of " the Greater London development plan ", and subsections (2) and (4). Section 108. Section 109(2). Schedules 1 and 2. Schedules 4 to 8. Schedule 9 except paragraphs 9, 10, 68 and 75. Schedule 10 except paragraphs 13 and 14. Schedule 11.

1969 c. 33. The Housing Act 1969. Section 34.

1969 c. 48. The Post Office Act 1969. In Schedule 4, paragraphs 71 and 89(3).

1970 c. 43. The Trees Act 1970. Section 1.

1970 c. 57. The Town and Country Planning Regulations (London) (Indemnity) Act 1970. Section 2.

1971 c. 18. The Land Commission (Dissolution) Act 1971. In Schedule 2, paragraph 1.

1971 c. 23. The Courts Act 1971. In Schedule 9, the entries relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 and the Town and Country Planning Act 1968.

1971 c. 41. The Highways Act 1971. Section 50. Section 77. Section 78(2). Schedule 7.

1971 c. 62. The Tribunals and Inquir- In Schedule 3, the entries

ies Act 1971. relating to the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 and the Town and Country Planning Act 1968.

1971 c. 75. The Civil Aviation Act 1971. In Schedule 5, paragraph 8(3).

c. 79

2099

Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act 1971

1971 CHAPTER 79

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on 31st March 1972 and 1973. [16th December 1971]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Issue out of the the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply Consolidated granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on 31st March 1972 the sum of £545,288,000. March

1972.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Issue out of the the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply Consolidated granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on Fund f<°£

31st March 1973 the sum of £4,795,591,300. ^ March

1973.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Short title. Act 1971.

2100

c.80

Bank

holidays.

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971

1971 CHAPTER 80

An Act to make new provision in place of the Bank Holidays Act 1871, to confer power to suspend financial and other dealings on bank holidays or other days, and to amend the law relating to bills of exchange and promissory notes with reference to the maturity of bills and notes and other matters affected by the closing of banks on Saturdays, and for purposes connected therewith. [16th December 1971]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the days specified in Schedule 1 to this Act shall be bank holidays in England and Wales, in Scotland and in Northern Ireland as indicated in the Schedule.

(2) If it appears to Her Majesty that, in the special circumstances of any year, it is inexpedient that a day specified in Schedule 1 to this Act should be a bank holiday, Her Majesty may by proclamation declare that that day shall not in that year be a bank holiday and appoint another day in place of it; and the day appointed by the proclamation shall, in that year, be a bank holiday under this Act instead of the day specified in Schedule 1.

(3) Her Majesty may from time to time by proclamation appoint a special day to be, either throughout the United Kingdom or in any place or locality in the United Kingdom, a bank holiday under this Act.

(4) No person shall be compellable to make any payment or to do any act on a bank holiday under this Act which he would not be compellable to make or do on Christmas Day or Good

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971

c.80

2101

Friday; and where a person would, apart from this subsection, be compellable to make any payment or to do any act on a bank holiday under this Act, his obligation to make the payment or to do the act shall be deemed to be complied with if he makes or does it on the next following day on which he is compellable to make or do it.

(5) The powers conferred on Her Majesty by subsections (2) and (3) above may, as respects Northern Ireland, be exercised by the Governor of Northern Ireland.

(6) The provision made by this section for January 2nd or 3rd to be a bank holiday in Scotland shall have effect for the year 1973 and subsequent years.

2.—(1) If it appears to the Treasury necessary or expedient so to do in the national interest, they may by order (made by statutory instrument, which shall be laid before Parliament after being made) give, with respect to a day specified in the order, all or any of the following directions, namely:—

(a) a direction that, subject to any exceptions for which provision may be made by the order, no person carrying on the business of a banker shall, except with permission granted by or on behalf of the Treasury, effect on that day, in the course of that business, any transaction or, according as may be specified in the order, a transaction of such kind as may be so specified;

( b) a direction that, subject as aforesaid, no authorised dealer in foreign currency shall, on that day, except with permission so granted, deal in any foreign currency or, according as may be specified in the order, foreign currency of such kind as may be so specified;

(c) a direction that, subject as aforesaid, no authorised

dealer in gold shall on that day, except with permission so granted, deal in any gold;

(d) a direction that, subject as aforesaid, no person shall on that day, except with permission so granted, deal in silver bullion;

(e) a direction that, subject as aforesaid, no member of any

commodity exchange or, as the case may be, of any such commodity exchange as may be specified in the order, shall, on that day, except with permission so granted, deal thereon in futures in any commodity or, according as may be so specified, in futures in a commodity of such land as may be so specified;

(/) a direction that the Post Office shall, on that day, suspend the operation of any banking service provided by it in exercise of the power conferred on it by section 7(1)(6) of the Post Office Act 1969; and

Pt. in

Power to suspend financial dealings.

1969 c. 48. N

2102

c. 80

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971

( g) a direction that no member of a stock exchange in the United Kingdom shall, on that day, effect any transaction on that exchange.

(2) Subsection (l)(a) above shall not authorise the giving of directions to a person carrying on the business of a savings bank in respect of that business, nor to the Post Office in respect of any business carried on in exercise of the power conferred on it by

1969 c. 48. section 7(l)(b) of the Post Office Act 1969.

(3) An obligation on a person to do a thing on a day on which he is prevented from doing it by an order under this section, or is unable to do it by reason of any such order, shall be deemed to be complied with if he does it so soon as practicable thereafter.

(4) A person who knowingly or recklessly contravenes a direction given by an order under subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine of not more than £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for not

more than two years or to a fine or to both.

(5) Where an offence under this section which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against accordingly.

Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, this subsection shall apply in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as if he were a director of the body corporate.

(6) In this section—

" authorised dealer in foreign currency " means a person for the time being authorised by an order of the Treasury 1947 c. 14. to act for the purposes of the Exchange Control Act

1947 as an authorised dealer in relation to any foreign currency;

" authorised dealer in gold " means a person for the time being authorised by an order of the Treasury to act for those purposes as an authorised dealer in relation to gold;

"commodity exchange" means an association established in the United Kingdom for the purpose of facilitating dealings by the members thereof in a commodity; and

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 c. 80

2103

" foreign currency " and " gold " have the same meanings respectively as they have in the Exchange Control Act 1947.

3. —(1) Section 92 of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 (which, in a case in which the time limited by that Act for doing any act or thing is less than three days, excludes non-business days from the reckoning of that time, and defines such days for the purposes of the Act) shall have effect as if, in paragraph (a) of the definition of non-business days, " Saturday " were inserted immediately before " Sunday

This subsection shall not operate to extend any period expiring at or before the time it comes into force.

(2) For section 14(1) of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 (under or by virtue of which the date of maturity of a bill or promissory note that does not say otherwise is arrived at by adding three days of grace to the time of payment as fixed by the bill or note, but is advanced or postponed if the last day of grace is a nonbusiness day) there shall be substituted, except in its application to bills drawn and notes made before this subsection comes into force, the following paragraph—

" (1) The bill is due and payable in all cases on the last day of the time of payment as fixed by the bill or, if that is a non-business day, on the succeeding business day. "

(3) This section shall come into force at the expiration of one month beginning with the date on which this Act is passed.

4. —(1) Except as otherwise provided by this Act, in any enactment or instrument passed or made before the coming into force of this section (including an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or instrument having effect under such an enactment) any reference to a bank holiday under the Bank Holidays Act 1871 or a holiday under the Holidays Extension Act 1875 shall have effect as a reference to a bank holiday under this Act.

(2) In section 94(2) of the Factories Act 1961 (which specifies for England and Wales Christmas Day, Good Friday and holidays under the Holidays Extension Act 1875 as the days to be allowed as holidays to women and young persons) for the words " and every bank holiday " there shall be substituted the words " and the days specified as bank holidays in England and Wales by Schedule 1 to the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 other than 27th December in a year in which 25th December is a Sunday, except that, if in any year it is declared under section 1(2) of that Act that any of those days shall not be a bank holiday, the day substituted for that day by virtue of section 1(2) shall be substituted for it for the purposes also of this section ".

1947 c. 14.

Bills of exchange and promissory notes.

1882 c. 61.

Consequential

and

supple-

mentary.

1871 c. 17. 1875 c. 13.

1961 c. 34.

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971

2104

1882 c. 61. 1871 c. 17.

Short title and extent.

1920 c. 67.

c. 80

(3) An order under section 2 above may be made with respect to a bank holiday or other day which is a non-business day for the purposes of the enactments relating to bills of exchange and promissory notes or with respect to a business day; but if a day specified under section 2(1) is otherwise a business day for those purposes, the order may declare it a non-business day.

(4) Accordingly in section 92 of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882, in the definition of " non-business days ", for the words " the Bank Holidays Act 1871 or Acts amending it " in paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the words " the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 ", and there shall be added as a new paragraph (d)‘—

" (d) a day declared by an order under section 2 of the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 to be a nonbusiness day."

(5) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act (which includes in Part 1 certain enactments already obsolete or unnecessary apart from this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act, except section 4(2), extends to Northern Ireland; but section 1 of this Act, together with section 4(1), shall be deemed for purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to be contained in an Act passed before the appointed day.

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 c. 80

2105

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Bank Holidays

1. The following are to be bank holidays in England and Wales:—

Easter Monday.

The last Monday in May.

The last Monday in August.

26th December, if it be not a Sunday.

27th December in a year in which 25th or 26th December is a Sunday.

2. The following are to be bank holidays in Scotland:—

New Year’s Day, if it be not a Sunday or, if it be a Sunday, 3rd January.

2nd January, if it be not a Sunday or, if it be a Sunday, 3rd January.

Good Friday.

The first Monday in May.

The first Monday in August.

Christmas Day, if it be not a Sunday or, if it be a Sunday, 26th December.

3. The following are to be bank holidays in Northern Ireland:—

17th March, if it be not a Sunday or, if it be a Sunday, 18th March. Easter Monday.

The last Monday in May.

The last Monday in August.

26th December, if it be not a Sunday.

27th December in a year in which 25 th or 26th December is a Sunday.

SCHEDULE 2 Enactments Repealed

Part I

Repeals of Obsolete or Unnecessary Enactments

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

38 & 39 Vict. The Holidays Extension Section 1.

c. 13. Act 1875. The Schedule.

43 A 44 Vict. The Revenue Offices The whole Act.

c. 17. (Scotland) Holidays Act 1880.

2106

c. 80

Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

IS & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44. The Customs and Excise Act 1952. Section 3(2) and (3), and in section 3(1) the words " Subject to the provisions of this section ". In Schedule 8, paragraph 2. In Schedule 10, in Part II, paragraph 11.

Part 11 Consequential Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

34 & 35 Vict. c. 17. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 13. 3 Edw. 7. c. 1. 9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 34. The Bank Holidays Act 1871. The Holidays Extension Act 1875. The Bank Holiday (Ireland) Act 1903. The Factories Act 1961. The whole Act. So much as is not included in Part I of this Schedule. The whole Act. In section 176(1), the definition of " bank holiday *.

2107

c. 81

New Towns Act 1971

1971 CHAPTER 81

An Act to raise the limit on advances imposed by section 43 of the New Towns Act 1965, as amended by subsequent enactments. [16th December 1971]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section 43 of the New Towns Act 1965 as amended Raising of by the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 and the New Towns Act h™1 on 1969 (which limits to £1,100,000,000 the aggregate amount of the advances* advances made to development corporations and the Com-1965 c*59* mission for the New Towns under the enactments therein1968 c-16* mentioned) for the words £1,100,000,000 there shall be sub- 1969 c. 5. stituted the words £1,500,000,000.

(2) In consequence of subsection (1) of this section the New Towns Act 1969 is repealed.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the New Towns Act 1971. Short title

and extent

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

v^»

Synodical Government ( Special Majorities) Measure 1971

No. 1

2109

1971 No. 1

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England to authorise the General Synod of the Church of England to require special majorities for a scheme for a constitutional union or a permanent and substantial change of relationship between the Church of England and another Christian body, and for the exercise of powers to suspend the Standing Orders of the General Synod. [17th February 1971]

1.—(1) In Article 8 of the Constitution of the General Synod Special of the Church of England set out in Schedule 2 to the Synodical Government Measure 1969, which Article lays down certain p^edtags. requirements for the final approval by the General Synod of a j969 No 2 scheme for a constitutional union or a permanent and substantial change of relationship between the Church of England and another Christian body, the following paragraph shall be inserted after paragraph (1):—

" (1A) The General Synod may by resolution provide that final approval of any such scheme as aforesaid, being a scheme specified in the resolution, shall require the assent of such special majorities of the members present and voting as may be specified in the resolution, and the resolution may specify a special majority of each House or of the whole Synod or of both, and in the latter case the majorities may be different. "

(2) In Article 11 of the said Constitution, which confers powers to make Standing Orders, the following paragraph shall be inserted after paragraph (1):—

" (1A) Provision may be made by Standing Order that the exercise of any power of the General Synod to suspend the Standing Orders or any of them shall require the assent of such a majority of the members of the whole Synod present and voting as may be specified in the Standing Order."

o

2110

Synodical Government {Special Majorities) Measure No. 1

(3) In Article 5 of the said Constitution, which provides for the manner of voting in the Synod, the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (3):—

" (3) This Article shall be subject to any provision of this Constitution or of any Measure with respect to special majorities of the Synod or of each House thereof, and where a special majority of each House is required the vote shall be taken on a division by Houses, and where a special majority of the whole Synod is required, the motion shall, for the purposes of this Article, be one relating solely to procedure."

Short title. 2. This Measure may be cited as the Synodical Government (Special Majorities) Measure 1971.

TABLE V

Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1971

CONTENTS

Page

Attachment of Earnings Act (c. 32)

Coinage Act (c. 24)

Guardianship of Minors Act (c. 3)

Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs and Excise) Act (c. 12)

National Savings Bank Act (c. 29)

Prevention of Oil Pollution Act (c. 60)

Rent (Scotland) Act (c. 28)

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 78)

Tribunals and Inquiries Act (c. 62)

Vehicles (Excise) Act (c. 10)

ix

xi

xiii

XX

XXXV

... xxxviii

ii Table of Derivations

THE ATTACHMENT OF EARNINGS ACT 1971 (c. 32)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:— 1958 =- The Maintenance Orders Act 1958 (c. 39)

1970 « The Administration of Justice Act 1970 (c. 31)

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1970 s. 13(1), (2), (4), (6).

2 1970 ss. 13(3), (5), 28(1).

3 1970 s. 14(1M7).

4 1970 s. 29(1M4).

5 1970 s. 14(8), (9).

6 1970 s. 15.

7 1970 s. 16.

8 1958 s. 9(2Xc); 1970 s. 17.

9 1970 s. 18(1M5).

10 1958 s. 9(4). (5); 1970 s. 27, Sch. 7.

11 1958 s. 9(2); 1970 s. 27, Sch. 7.

12 1958 s. 9(2); 1970 ss. 17(5), 18(6), (7).

13 1970 s. 19.

14 1970 s. 20.

15 1970 s. 21.

16 1970 s. 22.

17 1970 s. 23.

18 1958 s. 20(1); 1970 s. 27, Sch. 7.

19 1958, s. 20(2), (4), (5), (7); 1970 s. 18(3)(c), s. 27, Sch. 7.

20 1958 s. 20(3); 1970 s. 27, Sch. 7.

21 1958 s. 20(5); 1970 s. 27(1), (2), Sch. 7.

22 1970 s. 24.

23 1970 s. 25.

24 1970 s. 26.

25 1970 ss. 18(3), 28.

Table of Derivations

ATTACHMENT OF EARNINGS ACT—

iii

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

26 27 1970 s. 30(3), (4).

28 29 1958 s. 22; 1970 ss. 53, 54(6).

Sch. 1 1970 Sch. 8; Matrimonial Proceedings and Property Act 1970 (c. 45), Sch. 2, para. 5.

Sch.2 1970 Sch. 4.

Sch. 3 1970 Sch. 5.

Sch. 4 Sch. 5 Sch. 6 1970 Sch. 6.

P2

iv

Table of Derivations

THE COINAGE ACT 1971 (c. 24)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1870 — The Coinage Act 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 10.

1891 — The Coinage Act 1891

(54 & 55 Vict. c. 72.

1920 =■ The Coinage Act 1920

(10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 3.

1925 - The Gold Standard Act 1925 (15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 29.

1946 — The Coinage Act 1946

(9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 74.

1967 ■ The Decimal Currency Act 1967 (1967 c. 47.

1969 — The Decimal Currency Act 1969 (1969 c. 19.

R 1 — Recommendation set out in paragraph 1 of the Appendix to the Report of the Law Commissions (Cmnd. 4544)

R 2 » Recommendation set out in paragraph 2 of that Appendix

R 3 » Recommendation set out in paragraph 3 of that Appendix

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1870 s. 3; 1967 s. 2(1), (2); 1969 s. 15(1).

2 1870 s. 4; 1969 s. 1(1), (6).

3 1870 s. 11; 1967 s. 2(3); 1969 s. 1(5); R 1.

4 1870 is. 10,13,14,15; 1946 s. 7; 1967 s. 3(2); R 3.

5 1870 s. 8; 1925 s. 1(1).

6 1870 ss. 3(1), 16; 1920 s. 2; 1946 s. 4; 1969 s. 15(8).

7 1870 s. 17.

8 1870 s. 12; 1967 s. 3(3).

9 1870 s. 5; 1967 s. 3(1).

10 1969 s. 14.

11 1967 s. 3(1); 1969 s. 16(2).

12 1946 s. 5; 1967 s. 30M5).

13 1870s.ll(ll); 1969s.l5(5).

14 —

Sch. 1 1870 Sch. 1; 1891 Sch.; 1967 Sch. 2; 1969 Sch. 3.

Sch. 1967 Sch. 2.

Sch. 3 R 2.

Table of Derivations v

THE GUARDIANSHIP OF MINORS ACT 1971 (c. 3)

Notes

In the Act the expression "minor" has been used in preference to " infant see s. 12 of the Family Law Reform Act 1969.

The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1886 =* The Guardianship of Infants Act 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 27.

1925 =* The Guardianship of Infants Act 1925 (15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 45.

1928 =* The Administration of Justice Act 1928 (18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 26.

1932 = The Children and Young Persons Act 1932 (22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 46.

1948 = The Children Act 1948

(11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

1950 = The Maintenance Orders Act 1950

(14 Geo. 6. c. 37.

1951 = The Guardianship and Maintenance of Infants Act 1951

(14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 56.

1959 = The Legitimacy Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 73.

1963 = The Children and Young Persons Act 1963 (1963 c. 37.

1967 = The Criminal Justice Act 1967 (1967 c. 80.

1969 =■ The Family Law Reform Act 1969

(1969 c. 46.

1970 = The Administration of Justice Act 1970

(1970 c. 31.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1925 s. 1.

2 1925 s. 2.

3 1925 s. 4(1), (2).

4 1925 s. 5.

5(1) (2) 1925 s. 4(2A) (inserted by 1948 s. 50). 1963 s. 50.

6 1886 s. 6.

7 1925 s. 6.

8 1886 s. 4; S.L.R. Act 1948 (c. 62) s. 5, Sch. 2 (gives short title to 12 Car. 2. c. 24).

9 1886 s. 5; 1925 s. 3; 1928 s. 16.

10(1) (2) 1925 s. 5(4) (part). 1932 s. 79(2).

11 1932 s. 79(1).

P3

VI

Table of Derivations GUARDIANSHIP OF MINORS ACT—cont

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

12 1969 s. 4(1), (2), (3); 1970 s. 49 (1), (3).

13(1) 1925 s. 7(5).

(2) 1925 s. 8(1); 1967 Sch. 3.

(3) 1948 s. 53 (part).

14(1) 1959 s. 3(1).

(2) 1959 s. 3(2).

(3) 1959 s. 3(3).

(4) 1969 s. 4(4).

15(1) 1951 s. 1(1).

(2) 1925 s. 7(1) proviso (a) and (Jb).

(3) 1951 s. 1(2).

(4) 1950 ss. 2(1), 28(1) (definition of " England "). 1950 ss. 2(2), 28(1) (definition of " England ").

(5)

(6) 1950 s. 2(3).

16(1) 1886 s. 10 (part of first paragraph).

(2) 1886 s. 10 (part of second paragraph).

(3) 1925 s. 7(3).

(4) 1925 s. 7(3) proviso.

17< :n 1886 s. 13.

( :2) 1950 s. 27(1), (2).

18 —

19 1886 ss. 6, 9,10,13; 1925 s. 7(3).

20( 8 [3) 1932 s. 79(3); 1969 s. 4(2).

! * (4) [5) =

Sch. 1 1969 s. 4(5) (as to references to section 12(2) in amendments of-Maintenance Orders Act 1950, Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951 and Maintenance Orders Act 1958).

Sch.2 —

Table of Derivations

vii

THE HYDROCARBON OIL (CUSTOMS & EXCISE) ACT 1971 (c. 12)

Note:—The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1952 = The Customs and Excise Act 1952

(15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

I960 " The Finance Act 1960

(8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

1961 ■=*= The Finance Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

1962 «= The Finance Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

1963 = The Finance Act 1963

(1963 c. 25.

1964 = The Finance Act 1964

(1964 c. 49.

1964 (No. 2) = The Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 (1964 c. 92.

1965 = The Finance Act 1965 (1965 c. 25.

1966 = The Finance Act 1966 (1966 c. 18.

1967 = The Finance Act 1967 (1967 c. 54.

1968 = The Finance Act 1968 (1968 c. 44.

1969 = The Finance Act 1969

(1969 c. 32.

1970 = The Finance Act 1970

(1970 c. 24.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1952 s. 195(1); 1967 Sch. 5, para 1.

2 1952 ss. 195(2), (3), (4), 207.

3 1952 ss. 209(3), (4), 307(1).

4 1964 (No. 2) s. 2(1); 1969 s. l(3)(a); Decimal Currency Act 1969 (c. 19), s. 10(1); 1952 s. 196.

5 1964 s. 6(3).

6 1964 (No. 2) s. 2(2); 1969 s. 1(3X«).

7 1964 s. 6(2); 1969 s. 1(5)(</), Sch. 7 paras. 4, 5.

8 1964 s. 6(6), Sch. 6 paras. 25-27.

9 1952 s. 199; 1969 s. 1(3) (6); Decimal Currency Act 1969 (c. 19), s. 10(1).

10 1952 s. 200(1), (2), (6), (8); 1962 s. 4(2 Sch. 7. P4

viii

Table of Derivations

HYDROCARBON OIL (CUSTOMS & EXCISE) ACT—cont.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

11 1952 s. 200(3M5); 1962 3. 4(2)(6), Sch.7; 1964 s. 6(6), Sch. 6 paras. 23,24.

12 1964 s. 6(4), (6), Sch. 6 paras. 25-28; 1969 s. 1(5X<0, Sch. 7 para. 5.

13 1952 s. 203(1H4); 1962 s. 4(3).

14 1952 s. 124.

15 1961 s. 3.

16 1952 s. 204; 1966 Sch. 2 para 4; 1970 s. 8.

17 1952 ss. 123,205; 1966 Sch. 2 para. 4.

18 1968 s. 2(2M4).

19 1952 3.198, (1). (2); s. 203(5).

20 1952 s. 209(1), (2), (4).

21 1952 s. 200(2); 1960 Sch. 2 Pt II; 1962 s. 4(2)(6), Sch. 7; 1964 s. 6(5X6), Sch. 6 paras. 1-22.

22 1952 s. 198(3).

23 1952 s. 195(1); 1964 s. 6(7); 1966 s. 10(9).

24 —

25 —

Sch. 1 1952 s. 200(6); 1962 s. 4(2)(6), Sch. 7; 1965 s. 8.

Sch.2 1961 s. 3(6); Horticulture Act 1960 (c. 22), s. 8(1).

Sch. 3 1952 ss. 198(1), 209(1).

Sch. 4 1964 s. 6(5). Sch. 6 paras. 1-22.

Sch. 5 1960 Sch. 2 Pt. H; 1963 s. 8(2); 1964 s. 6(6); Sch. 6 paras. 29.30.

Sch. 6 —

Sch. 7 —

Table of Derivations ix

THE NATIONAL SAVINGS BANK ACT 1971 (c. 29) Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1954 = The Post Office Savings Bank Act 1954 (2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 62.

1961 — The Trustee Investments Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 62.

1965 — Hie Administration of Estates (Small Payments) Act

1965 (1965 c. 32.

1966 — The Post Office Savings Bank Act 1966

(1966 c. 12.

1968 = The National Loans Act 1968

(1968 c. 13.

1969 « The Post Office Act 1969

(1969 c. 48.

R (followed by = The recommendation set out in the paragraph of a number) that number in the Appendix to the Report of the Law Commissions (Cmnd. 4574)

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1969 s. 94(1).

2 1954 s. 2; 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

3 1966 ss. 1, 7(1); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

4 1954 s. 4(1); 1961 s. 16, Sch. 4 para. 5; 1966 s. 7(1).

5 1954 s. 5; 1966 s. 1(3); Finance Act 1970 (c. 24), s. 34; Savings Banks (Interest on Ordinary Deposits) Order 1970 (S.1.1970/1615).

6 1966 s. 2; 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

7 1954 s. 6; 1966 s. 2; 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

8 1954 ss. 2(2), 7(1); 1966 s. 6; 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6; R.l.

9 1954 s. 7(2); 1965 ss. 1(1), 6, Sch. 1; 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

10 1954 s. 8; 1961 s. 16, Sch. 4 para. 4(1); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6; R.3.

11 1954 s. 9; 1968 s. 1(8).

12 1954 s. 10; 1966 s. 8(2); 1969 ss. 94(2), 103, Sch. 6; Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (c. 10), s. 537, Sch. 15 para. 11.

13 1954 s. 11; 1966 s. 1(3); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

14 1954 s. 12; 1966 ss. 1(3), 8(3); 1969 ss. 94(2), 104, Sch. 6.

15 1954 ss. 13, 26(2); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6; Post Office Act 1969 (Appointed Day) Order 1969 (S.1.1969/1066).

16 1954 ss. 14, 25; 1961 s. 16, Sch. 4 para. 4(3); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6*

17 1969 s. 95; R.7.

X

Table of Derivations

NATIONAL SAVINGS BANK ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

18 1954 s. 17; 1968 s. 13.

19 1969 s. 98; R.7.

20 1969 s. 99; R.7.

21 1966 s. 3; 1969 ss. 96, 97.

22 1966 ss. 4, 7(2); 1969 s. 94(2), Sch. 6.

23 1969 s. 100(2), (3).

24 1954 s. 22; 1966 s. 7(3); 1969 s. 102.

25 1969 s. 101.

26 1954 ss. 4(3), 9(4), 24(1); 1966 ss. 4(4), (5), 9(3); 1969 s. 105; Finance Act 1970 (c. 24), s. 34(1).

27 1954 s. 25; R.8.

28 —

29(1), (2) (3) 1954 s. 27; 1961 s. 17(2), (3); 1965 s. 7(4); 1966 s. 9(4); 1969 ss. 114,141(3); Finance Act 1970 (c. 24), s. 34(4).

Sch. 1 1966 Sch.

Sch.2 R. 2,4, 5 and 6.

Table of Derivations

xi

THE PREVENTION OF OIL POLLUTION ACT 1971 (c. 60)

Notes: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1955 = The Oil in Navigable Waters Act 1955

(c. 25.)

1963 = The Oil in Navigable Waters Act 1963

(c. 28.)

1964 = The Continental Shelf Act 1964

(c. 29.)

1966 = The Sea Fisheries Regulation Act 1966

(c. 38.)

1971 = The Oil in Navigable Waters Act 1971

(c. 21.)

1971 (M.W.) = The Mineral Workings (Offshore Installations) Act 1971 (c. 61.)

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1955 ss. 1(1H3), 6; 1971 ss. 1, 7, Sch. 1 para. 1.

2 1955 ss. 3(1), (2), (4), 6; 1971 ss. 2, 7.

3 1964 s. 5; 1971 ss. 6, 7.

4 1955 ss. 5, 6.

5 1955 s. 4(1), (2); 1963 Sch. 1 para. 2(1); 1971 s. 3(1).

6 1955 s. 4(3), (5); 1964 s. 5; 1971 s. 3(2), (3), 6.

7 1955 s. 4(6), (7).

8 1955 s. 3(3), (5).

9 1955 s. 8.

10 1955 s. 9.

11 1955 s. 10; 1971 s. 5.

12 1971 s. 8(1M6), (14), (16), Sch. 2 para. 3.

13 1971 Sch. 2 para. 1.

14 1971 s. 8(7H9), (13). Sch. 2 para. 2(3).

15 1971 Sch. 2 para. 2.

16 1971 s. 8(10H12).

17 1955 s. 7; 1971 s. 4.

18 1955 s. 11; 1971 Sch. 1 paras. 2, 3.

19 1955 s. 12; 1964 s. 11; 1966 s. 21(7); 1971 (M.W.) s. 1ft

20 1955 s. 13.

21 1955 s. 18; 1971 Sch. 1 paras. 4, 5.

22 1955 s. 14(2M4).

xii Table of Derivations

PREVENTION OF OIL POLLUTION A

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

23 1955 s. 15.

24 1955 s. 16; 1963 Sch. 1 para. 3.

25 1955 s. 17.

26 1955 s. 19.

27 1955 s. 20.

28 1955 s. 21.

29 1955 ss. 3, 22; 1971 Sch. 1 para. 6.

30 1955 ss. 23,25(2); 1964 s. 12; 1971 s. 10.

31 1971 s. 9.

32 33 34 Sch. 1955 s. 24(2).

Table of Derivations xiii

THE RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT 1971 (c. 28)

Note:—The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1920 « Hie Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920

(10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 17.

1923 N — The Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act 1923 (13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 13.

1923 = The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1923

(13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 32.

1933 — Hie Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act* 1933

(23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

1933 « The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1935

(25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 13.

1938 = The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1938

(1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1939 «= The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939

(2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

1943 «= The Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act 1943

(6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 44.

1949 ■* The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949

(12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 40.

1950 " The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950

(14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

1952 = The Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952

(15 & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

1954 — The Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954

(2 &3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

1956 = The Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956

(4 &5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

1957 - The Rent Act 1957

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

1959 P * Hie House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1959 « The Landlord and Tenant (Furniture and Fittings) Act 1959

(7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

1962 «* The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962

(10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

1964 ~ The Housing Act 1964

(1964 c. 56.

1965 - The Rent Act 1965

(1965 c. 75.

1967 H — The Housing (Financial Provisions See.) (Scotland) Act 1967 (1967 c. 20.

1967 — The Agriculture Act 1967

(1967 c. 22.

1968 ■* The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968

(1968 c. 31.

1969 «=* The Housing (Scotland) Act 1969

(1969 c. 34.

1970 = The Agriculture Act 1970

(1970 c. 40.

S.1. 1968 — The Minister for the Civil Service Order 1968 (S.I. 1968 No. 1656)

xiv Table of Derivations RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—con/.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1920 s. 12(2); 1933 s. 16(1); 1938 s. 7(1); 1939 ss. 3(3), 8; 1965 s. 1(1), Sch. 1 para. 1(1).

2 1920 s. 12(2), (7); 1923 s. 10(1); 1939 s. 3(2X6), (3), Sch, 1; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 1(1), (3).

3 1920 ss. 12(1 Xff), 15(1); 1954 s. 39(1); 1965 s. 13.

4 1952 s. 1(1), (2).

5 1954 ss. 25(1 M3), (5), 39(1); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 32(1); 1964 s. 3(9); 1965 s. 1(2), Sch. 6 para. 6.

6 1965 s. 43.

7 1920 s. 12(7); 1957 s. 11; 1965 ss. 1(2), (4), (5), 11(2).

8 1965 ss. 11(2M4), (8), 47.

9 1920 s. 12(2); 1933 ss. 1(3), 15(c); 1939 s. 3(2X«), (3); 1965 s. 1(3), Sch. 1 paras. 1-3.

10 1933 s. 3(1); 1965 ss. 14(1), 15(1), 16(1), (2); 1967 s. 38(2).

11 1920 s. 5(2); 1965 ss. 14(1), 15(1), 16(2), Sch. 1 para. 5(1); 1967 s. 38(2).

12 1920 ss. 15(1), 16(2); 1957 s. 16.

13 1920 s. 15(2); 1923 s. 9(2).

14 1957 ss. 17(1M3), 25(1); 1965 s. 13.

15 1957 ss. 17(4), 25(1).

16 1950 ss. 120, 126(2); 1959 P s. 22; 1968 ss. 30, 43.

17 1920 ss. 5(5), 15(3); 1954 ss. 25(1), 32.

18 1920 s. 5(6), (7); 1933 Sch. 2.

19 1965 s. 3.

20 1965 s. 4; 1969 s. 54.

21 1965 ss. 5, 6(1), 7.

22 1965 s. 6(2), (3).

23 1965 s. 6(4), (5).

24 1965 s. 6(6), (7); 1969 s. 54, Sch 7.

25 1923 ss. 6(1), 8(1); 1965 s. 9, Sch. 1 para. 9.

26 1965 s. 11(5), (6).

27 1965 s. 13(3).

28 1965 ss. 18(2), 20(3).

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

Table of Derivations RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont,

xv

Derivation

1965 s. 17(2); 1969 Sch. 7.

1965 s. 17(3M5).

1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1933 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 17; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 6.

1933 s. 8(1).

1965 ss. 19,44.

1965 s. 8.

1965 s. 46(1), (3).

1933 s. 16; 1965 ss. 1(5), 17(1), 47(1), Sch. 1 para. 11.

1965 s. 24; S I. 1968 Art. 2(1 Xa).

1965 s. 25.

1965 s. 26(l)-{4).

1965 s. 26(5), Sch. 3 paras. 1-3,18.

1965 s. 26(5), Sch. 3 para. 16(1), Sch. 4 paras. 1, 2.

1965 s. 27; 1969 s. 61.

1965 s. 28.

1965 Sch. 3 paras. 13-15.

1965 Sch. 3 para. 17; 1969 Sch. 5 para. 5, Sch. 7.

1965 ss. 46, 47(1).

1965 ss. 17(1), 47(1).

1920 s. 1.

1954 s. 16; 1957 s. 9(1).

1957 ss. 7, 8.

1954 s. 17; 1957 s. 9(2), (5).

1954 s. 18.

1954 s. 20.

1954 s. 21; 1957 s. 9(1), (2).

1954 s. 22.

1954 s. 23.

1954 s. 24.

1920 s. 3(2); 1923 N s. 1(1); 1923 s. 7; 1933 ss. 14(l)(a), (2), 15(1).

xvi Table of Derivations

RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

59 1949 ss. 1, 6.

60 1949 s. 4.

61 1949 ss. 5,17.

62 1920 s. 3(2); 1923 ss. 6(1), 8(1).

63 1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1933 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6); 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 1,17.

64 1933 s. 4(1H3).

65 1933 s. 8(1).

66 1954 s. 37; 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 23,33.

67 1920 s. 11.

68 1933 ss. 14,15; 1943 s. 6; 1949 ss. 5(7), 6(5), 16; 1954 ss. 17(3), 38,39(1), 40; 1957 ss. 8(1), 9(4), 25(1), Sch. 6 paras. 19,20,33.

69 1920 s. 18(lXfl); 1933 s. 16(1); 1954 s. 39; 1957 s. 25(1); 1969 Sch. 6 para. 1.

70 1969 s. 44.

71 1969 s. 45.

72 1969 s. 46.

73 1969 s. 47.

74 1969 s. 48.

75 1969 s. 49.

76 1969 s. 50.

77 1969 s. 51.

78 1969 s. 52.

79 1969 s. 53.

80 1969 s. 55.

81 1969 s. 56(1).

82 1969 s. 57.

83 1943 s. 1(1); 1949 ss. 14, 16,17(2).

84 1943 s. 1(2).

85 1943 ss. 2(1), 9(3); 1952 s. 1; 1965 s. 39(5)(a), (11), (12).

86 1965 ss. 39(2), (4), (12).

87 i 1943 ss. 2(1), 7(2); 1949 Sch. 2; 1965 s. 39(9), (12).

88

89

90

91

92

93

94

95

96

97

98

99

100

101

102

103

104

105

106

107

108

109

110

111

112

113

114

115

116

Table of Derivations RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont,

xvii

Derivation

1943 ss. 2(2), (3A), (3B), 9(1); 1949 Sch. 2; 1965 s. 39(5X6), (12) 1943 ss. 2(4), 8.

1943 s. 2(3).

1943 ss. 3, 7(1); 1949 ss. 12(4)(6), (c), 17(2), Sch. 2.

1949 s. 17(6); 1965 s. 39(8), (12X<0.

1949 ss. 11,17(7); 1965 s. 39(6X«), (8), (12X<*), Sch. 6 para. 4. 1965 s. 40.

1965 s. 39(6X6), (7), (12Xa), Sch. 6 para. 4.

1965 s. 39(3), (12X6).

1943 ss. 4,9(1).

1957 s. 12(6); 1967 H s. 19.

1933 s. 14; 1943 s. 6; 1957 Sch. 6 para. 19.

1943 ss. 2(1), 9(1), (2); 1965 s. 39(10).

1949 s. 2(1), (3), (6); 1957 s. 14(1); 1965 Sch. 5 paras. 1, 5.

1949 s. 2(2M4), (6); 1954 s. 30(2); 1957 s. 14(1); 1965 Sch. 5 paras. 2, 3, 5, Sch. 6 para. 7.

1954 ss. 29, 30(1).

1949 ss. 12,17(2).

1949 ss. 3(1), 12(3).

1959 s. 1.

1949 ss. 2(5), 12(3); 1957 s. 14(2); 1965 Sch. 5 para. 4.

1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1933 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6); 1957 s. 15, Sch. 6 paras. 1,17; 1965 s. 38, Sch. 1 para. 6.

1949 ss. 2(8), 3(1), 18(2); 1954 s. 39(1); 1957 s. 25(1); 1959 s. 1(8); 1965 s. 47(1).

1920 passim; 1939 Sch. 1; 1965 s. 42(1 XA (4), (8).

1965 s. 42(1), (8).

1965 s. 42(2), (3), (5), (6), (8).

1965 s. 42(4M6), (8).

1920 ss. 12(5), 18(lXa).

1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6).

1920 ss. 12(1)(A 180Xa).

xviii Table of Derivations RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

117 1965 ss. 12,47(1).

118 1949 s. 7.

119 1949 s. 8.

120 1949 s. 9.

121 1933 s. 4(4); 1965 Sch. 1 para. 10(2).

122 1920 s. 17(2); 1923 s. 11(1); 1949 s. 13; 1957 s. 19(2), (3).

123 1954 s. 41; 1957 Sch. 3; 1965 s. 45.

124 1920 s. 17(1); 1923 s. 11(2); 1957 s. 19(3); 1969 s. 56(2).

125 1933 ss. 10,15; 1957 Sch. 6 para. 18; 1965 Sch. 6 para. 3.

126 [Drafting.]

127 1938 s. 7(5); 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 23, 24, 33; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 14.

128 1957 s. 10.

129 1920 8. 6; 1933 s. 15(h).

130 1920 8. 16(2).

131 1957 s. 16.

132 1938 s. 6.

133 1920 ss. 12(1X/), (g), 18(1X*); 1939 ss. 7(1), 8; 1954 s. 39(1); 1965 ss. 13(4), 20(4), 42(8)(6), 47(1); 1967 s. 38(4).

134 1952 s. 1.

135 [Introduces Schedules 17 to 20.]

136 [Short title, etc.]

Sch. 1 1920 s. 12(lXg); 1933 s. 13; 1935 s. 1; 1954 s. 33; 1965 s. 13.

Sch. 2 Part I Part II 1954 s. 27; 1957 ss. 11,19(4), 23, Sch. 5 Part I; 1965 s. 13(3). 1920 ss. 12(lXe), (3), 18(1X«); 1939 ss. 7(1M3), 8, Sch. 1; 1956 Sch. 3 paras. 1, 3(2), 8.

Sch. 3 Part I 1933 ss. 4(1), 15(c), (g), Sch. 1; 1939 Sch. 1; 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 21, 33; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 12.

Part II Part III Part IV 1965 ss. 14-16; 1967 s. 38; 1970 s. 101. 1933 Sch. 1; 1965 ss. 14(2), 15(1), 16(2); 1967 s. 38. 1933 ss. 3(2M5), 15(a), 16(1); 1938 ss. 7(3), 8(3Xc).

Sch. 4 1957 Sch. 2; 1965 s. 47(2).

Sch. 5 1965 Sch. 2; S.1.1968 Art. 2(l)(a).

Sch. 6 1965 ss. 29, 44, Sch. 3 paras. 4-12,16(2M6).

Sch. 7 1965 Sch. 4 paras. 3-13.

Table of Derivations RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

xix

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

Sch. 8 1920 ss. 1, 2, 12, 18(lXa); 1923 s. 7; 1933 ss. 6, 7; 1938 ss. 5, 7(2), 8(3), Sch. 2; 1939 Sch. 1; 1950 s. 125; 1952 s. 2, Sch.; 1954 Sch. 3; 1956 Sch. 3 paras. 1, 3(2), 6, 7, 8(2), 15(a) (6); 1957 ss. 18,19(4), Sch. 6 para. 31; 1962 s. 16.

Sch.9 1954 Sch. 1; 1957 Sch. 6 para. 32(3).

Sch. 10 1957 Sch. 3.

Sch. 11 1954 Sch. 2.

Sch.12 1969 Sch. 3.

Sch. 13 1969 Sch. 4.

Sch.14 1943 s. 1(3), Sch.; 1949 ss. 15, 17; S.1.1968 Art. 2(l)(a).

Sch. 15 1949 Sch. 1 para. 5(1), (2); 1954 s. 30(1); 1965 Sch. 5 Parts U and III.

Sch. 16 1920 ss. 1,4, 7,12(1)(6), (4)(c), 18(1X«); 1939 Sch. 1; 1952 Sch.; 1954 Sch. 3.

Sch. 17 1920 ss. 12(l)(e), (2), 18(1X«); 1956 Sch. 3 paras. 1, 3(2), 8. [Modifications applicable to certain existing protected and statutory tenancies.]

Sch. 18 1950 s. 125; 1952 s. 2(5); 1954 s. 25(4); 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 28-30; 1965 Sch. 6 para. 5. [Amendments of other enactments.]

Sch. 19 [Transitory provisions.] 1949 s. 2(5), Sch. 1; 1952 Sch.; 1954 s. 25(7); 1957 Sch. 4, Sch. 6 paras. 25. 32(2); 1965 s. 20.

Sch. 20 [Enactments repealed.]

xx Table of Derivations

THE TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT 1971 (c. 78)

Notes

1. Certain functions of the Minister of Housing and Local Government and of the Minister of Transport under the enactments consolidated in the Act became functions of the Secretary of State by virtue of Articles 2 and 3 of the Secretary of State for Wales and Minister of Land and Natural Resources Order 1965 (S.1.1965/319; 19651 p. 785) and Article 2(5) of the Transfer of Functions (Miscellaneous) Order 1967 (S.I. 1967/486; 1967 I p. 1545). All remaining functions of those Ministers under those enactments became functions of the Secretary of State by virtue of Article 2(1) of the Secretary of State for the Environment Order 1970 (S.1.1970/1681; 1970 HI, p. 5551). By virtue of Article 1(3) of this Order the functions under the enactments consolidated in sections 73 to 86 of the Act, which were previously exercisable concurrently by the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Secretary of State, became exercisable by die Secretary of State alone.

2. The following abbreviations are used in the Table—

I960 (c. 18)

1962

1963 (c. 17) 1963 (c. 29) 1963 (c. 33)

1963 (c. 38)

1964 (c. 51)

1965 (c. 33)

1965 (c. 56)

1966 (c. 4)

1966 (c. 34)

1966 (c. 42)

1967 (c. 69)

1968 (c. 13) 1968 (c. 23) 1968 (c. 41)

1968

1969 (c. 19) 1969 (c. 33) 1969 (c. 35)

1969 (c. 48)

1970 (c. 43) 1970 (c. 57)

■* The Local Employment Act 1960 (8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

— The Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2.

c. 38)

= The Town and Country Planning Act 1963 (1963 c. 17.

= The Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963 (c. 29)

= The London Government Act 1963 (1963 c. 33.

= The Water Resources Act 1963 (c. 38).

= The Universities and College Estates Act 1964 (1964 c. 51.

= The Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 (1965 c. 33.

= The Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 (1965 c. 56.

*» The Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1966 (1966 c. 4.

= The Industrial Development Act 1966 (1966 c. 34.

= The Local Government Act 1966 (1966 c. 42.

— The Civic Amenities Act 1967 (1967 c. 69.

= The National Loans Act 1968 (1968 c. 13.

= The Rent Act 1968 (1968 c. 23.

= The Countryside Act 1968 (1968 c. 41.

— The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (1968 c. 72.

= The Decimal Currency Act 1969 (c. 19)

= The Housing Act 1969 (c. 33).

«= The Transport (London) Act 1969 (1969 c. 35.

= The Post Office Act 1969 (1969 c. 48.

— The Trees Act 1970 (c. 43).

— The Town and Country Planning Regulations (London)

(Indemnity) Act 1970 (c. 57).

Table of Derivations xxi

TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—cont.

1971 (c. 18) — The Land Commission (Dissolution) Act 1971 (c. 18)

1971 (c. 23) - The Courts Act 1971 (c. 23)

1971 (c. 41) - The Highways Act 1971 (c. 41)

1971 (c. 62) *=» Die Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 (c. 62)

SI. 1968/1636 - The Minister for the Civil Service Order 1968 (1968 m, p. 4485).

S.1.1968/1908 — The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (Commencement

No. 1) Order 1968 (1968 III, p. 3043)

5.1. 1968/1909 — The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (Commencement

No. 2) Order 1968 (1968 III, p. 5048)

5.1. 1969/275 — The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (Commencement

No. 4) Order 1969 (19691, p. 720)

S.1.1969/1066 - The Post Office Act 1969 (Appointed Day) Order 1969 (1969 HI, p. 3123)

S.1.1970/1537 — The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Order 1970 (1970 m, p. 5293).

S.1.1970/1681 — The Secretary of State for the Environment Order (1970 HI, p. 5551).

S.1.1971/842 — The Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (Commencement

No. 5) Order 1971.

R (followed by

a number) — The recommendation set out in the paragraph of that number in the Appendix to the Report of the Law Commission (Cmnd. 4684).

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1 1962 s. 2 (except part of subsection (3)).

2 1962 s. 2(3) (part).

3 1962 s. 3; 1967 (c. 69) s. 17; 1968 (c. 41) s. 25(6); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 12.

4 1968 s. 64.

5 [See Schedule 3].

6 1968 s. 1.

7 1968 s. 2.

8 1968 s. 3.

9 1968 s. 4.

10 1968 s. 5.

11 1968 s. 6.

12 1968 s. 7.

13 1968 s. 8; 1971 (c. 62) Sch. 3.

14 1968 s. 9.

15 1968 s. 10.

16 1968 s. 11; 1971 (c. 41) s. 77(3).

17 1968 s. 12.

18 1968 s. 13.

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

Table of Derivations

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Derivation

1968 s. 14.

1968 Sch. 9 paras. 1 to 4 and 8; 1971 (c. 41) s. 77(4).

1968 ss. 105, 107; S.I. 1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 3(1).

1962 s. 12; 1968 s. 74; S.I. 1968/1908.

1962 s. 13; 1968 s. 75; S.1.1968/1908.

1962 s. 14.

1962 s. 19(1).

1962 s. 15; 1968 s. 76, Sch. 9 para. 13.

1962 s. 16; 1968 Sch. 8, Sch. 9 para. 14.

1967 (c. 69) s. 1(6); 1968 s. 57.

1962 ss. 16(7), 17; 1968 s. 57(3), Sch. 9 para. 15.

1962 s. 18; 1968 s. 67(5).

1962 s. 19(2); 1968 s. 56(1 X*), (2), Sch. 9 para. 16.

1962 s. 20; 1968 s. 104(3).

1962 s. 21.

1962 s. 19(4), (5); 1968 s. 78.

1962 s. 22; 1968 ss. 62(8), 79.

1962 s. 23; 1968 ss. 21(2)(a), 25, 62(8).

1962 s. 24.

1962 s. 25.

1962 s. 26.

1962 s. 41.

1968 s. 65 (except subsections (1) and (4Xc)).

1968 s. 66 (except subsections (2) and (3)).

1968 s. 67 (except subsections (2X«), (6) and (7)), 1971 (c. 18> Sch. 2 para. 1(1).

1968 s. 68.

1962 s. 27.

1968 s. 80 (except subsection (7)).

1968 s. 61; S.I. 1968/1656 Art 2(1X*); S.I. 1970/1681 Sch. 8 para. 3(1).

1968 s. 62 (except subsection (8)); S.I. 1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 3(1). 1968 s. 63; 1971 (c. 62) Sch. 3.

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

59

60

61

62

63

64

65

66

67

68

69

70

71

72

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

Table of Derivations xxiii

AND COUNTRY PLANNING A

Derivation

1962 s. 44(1), (3); S.I. 1968/1656 Art. 2(1X<?).

1962 s. 28; 1968 s. 67(2X«).

1962 s. 37; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 19.

1962 s. 43.

1962 s. 32; 1963 (c. 33) s. 28(1); 1967 (c. 69) s. 11; 1968 ss. 40(1), (3), (10), (11) (and see S.1.1969/1909), 54, Sch. 9 para. 17.

1968 s. 40(2), (4) to (8).

1968 s. 41; S.1.1969/1909.

1967 (c. 69) s. 3; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 70.

1968 s. 48.

1967 (c. 69) s. 12(1).

1962 s. 29; 1967 (c. 69) s. 12(2); 1968 s. 81; 1970 (c. 43) s. 1.

1967 (c. 69) s. 16; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 73.

1967 (c. 69) s. 13.

1962 ss. 34,44(2), (3); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 18.

1962 s. 35.

1962 s. 36.

1960 (c. 18) s. 21; 1962 s. 221(1) (definition of " industrial building "); 1966 (c. 34) s. 25(1) to (3).

1962 s. 38; 1966 (c. 34) ss. 22, 25(4), 26; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 65;

5.1. 1970/1537 Art 2(2).

1962 ss. 38(6), 39; 1965 (c. 33) s. 20, Sch. 3; 1966 (c. 34) s. 25(4);

5.1. 1970/1537 Art. 2(2).

1965 (c. 33) ss. 19, 25(2); S.I. 1970/1537 Art. 2(2).

1966 (c. 34) s. 23; 1968 s. 83(1); S.I. 1970/1537 Art. 2(2).

1966 (c. 34) s. 24(1), (2), (6), (7).

1962 s. 40; 1966 (c. 34) s. 22(3).

1965 (c. 33) s. 15.

1965 (c. 33) ss. 1, ll(lXa),(2).(3).

1965 (c. 33) s. 2; 1968 s. 83(5).

1965 (c. 33) s. 5(1); 1968 s. 83(2), (4).

1965 (c. 33) s. 6 (except subsection (5)(b)).

1965 (c. 33) s. 7(1X6), (3); 1968 s. 84.

1968 s. 85; S.I. 1969/275.

xxiv Table of Derivations

TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

80 1968 s. 86.

81 1965 (c. 33) s. 7(4), (5); 1968 s. 87(1), (2Xc), (d).

82 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(1) to (3), (8), (9); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 62(a), (b).

83 (See Schedule 12.]

84 1965 (c. 33) s. 14.

85 1965 (c. 33) ss. 16(1), (2), (3), (5), (6), (7), 25(2); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 64.

86 1965 (c. 33) s. 18(1), (2), (3), (4). (6); R.l.

87 1968 8.15; 1965 (c. 33) 8. 8(7).

88 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(4); 1966 (c. 34) s. 24(3); 1968 88. 16, 21(2Xc). Sch. 9 para. 62(c), 66 (a).

89 1962 8.47; 1968 Sch. 8.

90 1968 s. 19.

91 1962ss.48,49; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 20.

92 1962 s. 50.

93 1962 8. 51; 1968 Sch. 8.

94 1968 8.17.

95 1968 ss. 18, 21(2 Yd).

96 1968 s. 44, Sch. 5 para. 17.

97 1968 s. 21(2)(e), Sch. 5 para. 18.

98 1968 s. 45.

99 1968 ss. 45(5), 46.

100 1968 s. 47.

101 1967 (c. 69) s. 6.

102 1962 s. 62(1); 1967 s. 15(1).

103 1967 (c. 69) s. 14; 1968 s. 21(2 )(b),Sch. 9 para. 72.

104 1962 s. 56; 1968 Sch. 8.

105 1962 s. 57.

106 1962 s. 58; 1971 (c. 23) Sch. 9.

107 1962 ss. 59, 60.

108 1962 8.61; 1968 Sch. 8.

109 1962 s. 63; 1968 Sch. 8, Sch. 9 para. 21.

no

in

112

113

114

113

116

117

118

119

120

121

122

123

124

125

126

127

128

129

130

131

132

133

134

135

136

137

138

139

140

Table of Derivations

XXV

AND COUNTRY PLANNING A

Derivation

1962 s. 64; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 22; R. 2,3.

1962 s. 65; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 23; 1967 (c. 69) s. 14(4). 1968 s. 28.

1968 s. 29; SJ. 1970/1681 Sch. 1.

1968 s.50; 1971 (c. 23) Sch. 9.

1968 8. 51 (except subsections (4) and (5)(6))>

1968 s.52.

1968 s.53; 1971 (c. 23) Sch. 9.

1962 s.70; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6.

1962 s. 71; 1963 (c. 33) 8. 29(1X3); 1965 (c. 56) Sch.

Sch. 9 para. 11,25.

1962 s.72; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6.

1962 s.73; 1965 (c. 56) Sch. 7; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 26.

1962 s. 77; 1965 (c. 56) Sch. 7.

1962 s. 78; 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 27 and 28.

1962 s.79; 1963 (c. 29) s. 12(2).

1962 s. 80.

1967 (c. 69) s. 8; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 71.

1962 s. 81; 1965 (c. 56) Sch. 7.

1962 s. 82; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(a).

1962 s. 83; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(a).

1962 s. 84; 1968 (c. 23) Sch. 15; 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 6,11.

1962 s. 85.

1962 s. 86; 1965 (c. 56) Sch. 7; 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 11,29.

1962 s. 87; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 11.

1962 s. 88.

1962 s. 89.

1962 8.90.

1962 8.91.

1962 8.92.

1962 8.93.

1962 s. 94.

141

142

143

144

145

146

147

148

149

150

151

152

153

154

155

156

157

158

159

160

161

162

163

164

165

166

167

168

169

170

Table of Derivations

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Derivation

1962 s. 95.

1962 s. 96.

1962 s. 97.

1962 s. 98.

1962 s. 99; 1969 (c. 19) s. 10(1).

1962 s. 100.

1962 s. 101; 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(5); 1966 (c. 34) s. 24(4); 1968 s. 67(6). 1962 s. 102.

1962 s. 103.

1962 s. 104.

1962 s. 105.

1962 s. 106.

1962 8.107.

1962 s. 108; R.4.

1962 s. 109.

1962 s. 110.

1962 s. 111.

1962 s. 112; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(1).

1962 s. 113.

1962 s. 114.

1962 s. 115.

1962 s. 116.

1962 s. 117.

1962 8.118; 1968 s. 80(7).

1962 s. 119; 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(5); 1966 (c. 34) s. 24(4); 1968 8. 71(3). 1962 s. 120.

1962 s. 121.

1962 s. 122; 1963 (c. 17) s. 1(3).

1962 s. 123; 1963 (c. 17) s. l(l)(a), (2); 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(5); 1966

(c. 34) s. 24(4); 1968 s. 67(7)(a).

1962 s. 124.

171

172

173

174

175

176

177

178

179

180

181

182

183

184

185

186

187

188

189

190

191

192

193

194

195

196

197

198

Table of Derivations

xxvii

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Derivation

1968 s. 43.

1968 Sch. 5 paras. 11,12(7).

1968 s. 49.

1962 s. 125; 1968 (c. 41) s. 26.

1968 (c. 41) s. 25(1) to (4).

1962 s. 126; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 30.

1968 s. 20.

1962 s. 127; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 31.

1962 s. 128; 1968 (c. 41) s. 25(5); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 32 (part).

1962 s. 129; 1963 (c. 17) s. 1(1)0), (2); 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(1); 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(6); 1966 (c. 34) s. 24(5); 1968 ss. 51(4), (5), 67(7)0).

1962 s. 130; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(b).

1962 s. 131.

1962 s. 132.

1968 s. 32.

1965 (c. 33) ss. 12,15(4), 18(5).

1962 s. 133; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(b).

1962 s. 134.

1962 s. 135; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(1).

1962 s. 136; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(f).

1968 ss. 42, 51(4), (5).

1962 s. 137.

1962 s. 138; 1968 ss. 33(1), (2), (4), Sch. 4; 1969 (c. 33) s. 34; 1971 (c. 41) ss. 50(1), 77(1), Sch. 7 paras. 1, 2.

1962 s. 139; 1968 s. 33(3), Sch. 4; 1969 (c. 33) s. 34; 1971 (c. 41) s. 50(2).

1962 s. 140; 1968 s. 35(1), (2), (6), Sch. 4; 1971 (c. 41), Sch. 7 paras. 5, 6, 7.

1962 s. 141; 1968 s. 35(3), (6), Sch. 4.

1962 s. 142; 1968 s. 35(6), Sch. 4.

1968 s. 36.

1962 s. 144; 1968 Sch. 4.

1962 s. 145; 1968 s. 35(4), (6), Sch. 4.

1962 s. 146; 1968 Sch. 4.

201

202

203

204

205

206

207

208

209

210

211

212

213

214

215

216

217

218

219

220

221

222

223

224

225

226

227

228

229

Table of Derivations

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Derivation

1968 s. 34 (except subsections (1) and (5)); 1969 (c. 33) s. 34.

1968 s. 35(7), (8).

1962 s. 149; 1968 s. 37(3), (4), Sch. 4.

1962 s. 151.

1962 s. 147; 1968 ss. 34(5), 37(5); 1971 (c. 41) Sch. 7 para. 3;

5.1. 1970/1681 Art. 2(1).

1962 s. 148; 1968 s. 33(4); 1971 (c. 41) s. 77(2), Sch. 7 para. 4;

5.1. 1970/1681 Art. 2(1).

1962 ss. 149(4), 150; 1971 (c. 41) s. 47(2).

1962 s. 152; 1969 (c. 33) s. 34; R. 5.

1962 s. 153; 1968 s. 97(1); S.1.1970/1681 Art. 2(1).

1968 s. 94(1) to (4).

1968 ss. 91(1), (3) (part) 97(1); S.1.1970/1681 Art. 2(1).

1968 ss. 92(1) to (6), (7) (part), (8) to (10), 97(1), Sch. 9 paras. 31, 32 (part); S.1. 1970/1681 Art. 2(1).

1968 s. 93.

1962 s. 155(1), (3); 1968 s. 95.

1962 ss. 154, 155(2); 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(4); 1968 ss. 91(3) (part), 92(7) (part), 97(2), (3).

1968 ss. 90, 91(3).

1968 s. 96.

1962 s. 156; 1968 ss. 91(3) (part), 92(7) (part).

1962 s. 157; 1968 ss. 91(3) (part), 92(7) (part).

1962 s. 158; 1968 ss. 91(3) (part), 92(7) (part); 1969 (c. 48) Sch, 4 para. 71 (part).

1968 ss. 91(4), 94(5).

1962 s. 221(1) (definition of " operational land ")•

1968 s. 69; S.1.1968/1908.

S.1.1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 1(1), (2).

1962 s. 159; 1968 s. 70(1), (2), Sch. 9 para. 33.

1962 s. 160(2), (3); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 34.

1962 s. 161(1).

1962 s. 162(1).

1962 s. 163 (except subsections (3X&) and (4)).

230

231

232

233

234

235

236

237

238

239

240

241

242

243

244

245

246

247

248

249

250

251

252

253

254

255

256

257

258

259

Table of Derivations

xxix

AND COUNTRY PLANNING A

Derivation

1962 s. 164; 1968 s. 72, Sch. 9 para. 6(a).

1962 s. 165 (except subsection (3)).

1968 s. 73(1) to (6).

1962 s. 166; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(a).

1962 s. 167.

1962 s. 168; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 6(a); R. 6.

1962 s. 169.

1962 s. 170; 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(5); 1966 (c. 34) s. 24(4); 1968 ss. 67(7) (c). 71(1), (2). 73(7) (part).

1962 8.171; 1968 s. 73(7) (part), (8).

1962 s. 172.

1962 s. 173; R. 7.

1962 s. 174.

1962 s. 176; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 35.

1962 s. 177; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 36.

1968 Sch. 9 para. 37.

1962 s. 179; 1963 (c. 33) 8. 29(6); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 38; 1971 (c. 62) Sch. 3.

1962 s. 180; 1967 (c. 69) s. 14(3); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 39.

1962 s. 181.

1962 s. 182.

1962 s. 183(2) (3); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 40.

1966 (c. 42) ss. 7(1) to (4), 41 (1).

1962 s. 185; 1966 (c. 42) s. 7(6).

1962 s. 186; 1966 (c. 42) s. 7(6).

1968 s. 98.

1962 s. 188; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 41.

1962 s. 189; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(6); 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 5,42.

1968 s. 35(5)

1962 s. 190.

1962 s. 191.

1962 s. 192.

1962 s. 193; 1966 (c. 42) 8.42; 1968 s. 103(a), (b).

261

262

263

264

265

266

267

268

269

270

271

272

273

274

275

276

277

278

279

280

281

282

283

284

285

286

287

Table of Derivations

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Derivation

1962 s. 194(1), (2), (3), (4); 1968 (s. 13) ss. 1(8), 11.

1962 s. 195; 1968 (c. 13) s. 1(8).

1962 s. 196; 1963 (c. 33) s. 24(9); 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 43, 61.

1962 s. 197; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 44.

1962s. 198; 1966(c. 4)Sch. 2para. 3; 1968 s. 27(6); S.1.1970/1681 Art. 5(2).

1962 s. 199; 1965 (c. 33) s. 25(4); 1968 s. 60, Sch. 9 paras. 5,6,45; R.8.

1962 s. 200; 1968 s. 100 1962 s. 201.

1962 s. 203; 1966 (c. 42) s. 39; 1967 (c. 69) s. 29(1); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 46; R. 9.

1962 ss. 42, 66; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 24.

1968 s. 55.

1962 s. 175

1962 s. 204; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 47; S.1.1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 2. 1962 s. 205; 1968 s. 104(3), Sch. 9 paras. 6, 48; R. 10.

1962 s. 206; 1964 (c. 51) Sch. 3 Part H; R. 11.

1962 s. 207; 1968 s. 82, Sch. 9 paras. 11,49.

1967 (c. 69) s. 1 (except subsection (6)); 1968 Sch.9 para. 69; R.12. 1962 s. 221(8); 1963 (c. 17) s. 1.

1962 s. 208.

1962 s. 211; 1967 (c. 69) s. 28(1); 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 5, 6, 50.

1962 s. 212; 1967 (c. 69) s. 28(2); 1968 Sch. 8.

1962 s. 213; 1967 (c. 69) s. 28(3); 1968 s. 104(3).

1962 s. 214; 1965 (c. 33) s. 13; 1967 (c. 69) s. 28(3); 1968 s. 104(3).

1962 s. 215; 1967 (c. 69) s. 28(3); 1968 s. 104(3), Sch. 8, Sch. 9 para. 51.

1965 (c. 33) s. 10(4), (5); 1968 s. 102.

1962 s. 216.

1962, 8.217; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(6); 1965 (c. 33) s. 23; 1966 (c. 42) s. 40(1), (3); 1967 (c. 69) s. 29(2); 1968 ss. 37(2), 40(5), 104(3), 105(1), Sch. 9 para. 52; 1970 (c. 57) s. 2; R. 13,14.

1962 s. 219.

I of

tet

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Table of Derivations

XXXI

AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—cont.

Derivation

1962 s. 220; 1968 s. 104(3).

1962 s. 221 (except subsection (8»; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(5), 1963 (c. 38) s. 71(5) (" local authority "); 1965 (c. 33) ss. 16(4), 22(1); 1966 (c. 42) s. 7(5) ("relocation of population or industry’* and " replacement of open space "); 1968 ss. 89(6) (" footpath " and '* bridleway "), 104 (" Greater London Development plan ’* and " Wales "), Sch. 9 para. 53 (" enforcement notice " and " owner "); 1971 (c. 41) s. 78(2) (" improvement ").

1968 Sch. 9 para. 6.

1962 s. 226(2); 1963 (c. 17) s. 4(3); 1963 (c. 33) s. 94(3), (4); 1965 (c. 33) s. 26(3); 1966 (c. 34) s. 31(7); 1966 (c. 42) s. 44(2); 1967 (c. 69) s. 32(3); 1968 (c. 41) s. 50(5); 1968 s. 109(3).

1962 Sch. 1.

1962 Sch. 2; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 54.

1963 (c. 33) s. 24(2).

1968 Sch. 9 para. 58.

1963 (c. 33) s. 24 (4); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 59. 1968 Sch. 9 para. 60.

1963 (c. 33) s. 24(5); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 61. 1963 (c. 33) s. 24(7).

1963 (c. 33) s. 24(6).

1963 (c. 33) s. 24(7); 1968 (c. 41) Sch. 5. 1968 Sch. 1.

1962 s. 4.

1962 s. 5.

1962 s. 6.

1962 s. 7.

1962 s. 8; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(6). 1962 s. 10.

1962 s. 11.

1963 (c. 33) s. 25.

1963 (c. 33) s. 26.

1963 (c. 33) s. 27.

1962 s. 101(5); 1963 (c. 33) s. 25(5).

1962 s. 176(1 )(a); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 35(a) (not in force).

1962 s. 178 (see saving in S.1.1969/275).

1962 s. 189(2Xa); 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(6); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 5 (not in force).

1962 s. 199(lXn); 1968 Sch. 9 paras. 5 (not in force), 45(a).

1962 s. 210; 1968 Sch. 11 (repeal of 1962 s. 210 not in force).

1962 s. 211(lXfl); 1968 Sch. 9 para. 5 (not in force).

1962 s. 221(1); 1968 Sch. 11 (repeal of definition of " development plan " not in force).

xxxii Table of Derivations

TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—cont.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

para. 9 para. 10 para. 11 1962 Sch. 2 para. 5; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 54 (not in force). 1968 Sch. 11 (repeal of words in 1963 (c. 33) s. 24(6) not in force). 1962 Sch. 8 para. 1(1) (references to provisions prospectively repealed by 1968 Sch. 11).

Sch.7 1968 Sch. 10 paras. 1 to 9; 1971 (c. 41) s. 77(4); SX 1969/275 (saving).

Sch.8 1962 Sch. 3; 1963 (c. 17) s. 1(4).

Sch.9 1968 ss. 21 (except subsection (2)), 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 62(8); 1971 (c. 62) Sch. 3; SX 1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 3(1).

Sell. 10 1968 Sch. 6; SX 1970/1681 Sch. 3 para. 3(1).

Sch.ll para. 1 para. 2 para. 3 para. 4 para. 5 para. 6 para. 7 para. 8 para. 9 para. 10 para. 11 para. 12 para. 13 para. 14 para. 15 para. 16 1968 Sch. 5 para. 1. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 2. 1968 s. 56(1X6). (2). 1968 Sch. 5 para. 3. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 4. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 5. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 6. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 7; 1968 s. 21 (2Xe). 1968 Sch. 5 para. 8. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 9. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 10. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 12 except subsection (7). 1968 Sch. 5 para. 19. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 20. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 21. 1968 Sch. 5 para. 22.

Sch. 12 para. 1 para. 2(3) para. 3 para. 4 para. 5 para. 6 para. 7 1965 (c. 33) s. 3(2) to (6). 1965 (c. 33) s. 4. 1965 (c. 33) s. 6 (5X6). 1965 (c. 33) s. 8(9). 1965 (c. 33) s. 5(2). 1965 (c. 33) s. 9, Sch. 1: 1968 Sch. 9 para. 63. 1965 (c. 33) s. 10(1) to (3). 1965 (c. 33) s. 11(1X6), (4), (5). 1965 (c. 33) s. 7(lXa), (2), (5) (part), 8(9), 15(4).

Sch. 13 1965 (c. 33) Sch. 2.

Sch. 14 1968 Sch. 2.

Sch. 15 1962 Sch. 5.

Sch.fl 6 1962 Sch. 6.

Sch. 17 1962 Sch. 7.

Sch. 18 1963 (c. 17) s. 1(4), Sch.

Sch. 19 1968 Sch. 5 Part m.

Sch. 20 1968 Sch. 7.

Table of Derivations xxxiii

TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

Sch. 21 Part I Part II Part III Part IV Part V Part VI Part VH 1962 Sch. 8 para. 1; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 55(a). Provisions of 1968: see 1968 Sch. 9 para. 43 (as to section 263), para. 44 (as to section 264), para. 46 (as to section 269(1)), para. 47 (as to section 273). 1962 Sch. 8 para. 2. Provisions of 1967 (c. 69): see 1967 (c. 69) s. 29(1). Provisions of 1962 Parts III and IV: see 1962 ss. 42, 66; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 24. Provisions of 1968 Part V: see 1968 s. 55. 1962 Sch. 8 para. 3; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 55(6).

Sch. 22 1962 Sch. 11; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(7).

Sch. 23 Part I Part II 1968 Sch. 9 para. 7 (not in force). 1968 Sch. 9 para. 57 (not in force).

Sch. 24 para. 1 para. 2 para. 3 para. 4 para. 5 para. 6 para. 7 para. 8 para. 9 para. 10 para. 11 1962 Sch. 14 para. 9. 1968 (c. 41) s. 25(7). S.I. 1971/842 Sch. 2 para. 1.

para. 12 para. 13 para. 14 para. 15 para. 16 para. 17 para. 18 para. 19 para. 20 para. 21 para. 22 para. 23 para. 24 para. 25 para. 26 para. 27 1962 Sch. 14 para. 10. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 11. 1968 s. 76. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 12. See S.I. 1970/1681 Sch. 4 repeals in 1962 s. 19. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 13. 1968 ss. 65, 66; S.I. 1969/275. 1968 s. 65(1), (4); S.I. 1969/275. 1968 s. 66(2), (3); S.I. 1969/275. 1968 ss. 67, 68. 1971 (c. 18) Sch. 2 para. 1(2). 1968 s. 40(2); S.I. 1969/1909. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 18; S.I. 1969/1909. 1967 (c. 69) s. 12(1). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 15; 1965 (c. 33) s. 20(3); 1966 (c. 34) Part IIL

para. 28 para. 29 para. 30 1965 (c. 33) ss. 1(3), 7(1X6); 1968 ss. 84 to 86; S.I. 1969/275. 1965 (c. 33) s. 3(1).

para. 31 para. 32 para. 33 para. 34 para. 35 para. 36 para. 37 para. 38 para. 39 para. 40 para. 41 para. 42 para. 43 1968 Sch. 10 paras. 10, 11; S.I. 1969/275. 1962 Sch. 14 paras. 17, 34. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 11. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 12. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 13. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 14. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 15. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 16. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 17. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 20. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 12; S.I. 1969/275. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 21. 1968 Sch. 10 paras. 13, 17; S.I. 1969/275. Q

xxxiv Table of Derivations

TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

para. 44 para. 45 para. 46 para. 47 para. 48 para. 49 para. 50 para. 51 para. 52 para. 53 para. 54 para. 55 para. 56 para. 57 para. 58 para. 59 para. 60 para. 61 para. 62 para. 63 para. 64 para. 65 para. 66 para. 67 para. 68 para. 69 para. 70 para. 71 para. 72 para. 73 para. 74 para. 75 para. 76 para. 77 para. 78 para. 79 para. 80 para. 81 para. 82 para. 83 para. 84 para. 85 para. 86 para. 87 para. 88 para. 89 para. 90 para. 91 para. 92 para. 93 para. 94 1965 (c. 56) Sch. 7 (para. 4 of provisions relating to Act of 1962). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 22(1). 1962 Sch. 13 para. 4. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 22(2). 1962 Sch. 13 para. 5. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 25. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 23. 1962 s. 84(4). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 27. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 28. 1968 s. 71(3); S.1.1968/1908. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 29. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 30. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 15; S.1.1969/275. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 16. 1969 (c. 48) Sch. 4 para. 71; S.I. 1969/1066. 1968 s. 70; S.I. 1968/1908. 1968 s. 72; S.1.1968/1908. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 31. 1968 s. 71(1); S.1.1968/1908. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 48. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 32. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 33. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 35; S.I. 1968/1909 Sch. 2. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 36. 1966 (c. 42) s. 7(1). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 38. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 39. 1968 (c. 13) s. ll(4Xa). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 43(2). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 44. 1966 (c. 4) Sch. 2 para. 3. 1968 Sch. 10 para. 21. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 45. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 6. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 46. 1963 (c. 17) s. 4(2). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 49; 1963 (c. 33) s. 29(5). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 50; 1969 (c. 48) Sch. 4 para. 71(6). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 51; S.I. 1965/145; S.I. 1970/1537 Art. 2(1 Xa). 1962 Sch. 14 para. 52. 1962 Sch. 14 para. 53. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 1. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 2. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 6; 1968 Sch. 9 para. 56. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 7. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 8. 1962 Sch. 13 para. 10.

Sch.25 —

Table of Derivations xxxv

THE TRIBUNALS AND INQUIRIES ACT 1971 (c. 62)

Notes:

1. In this Table " 1958 " means the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 66) and " 1966 " means the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1966 (1966 c. 43).

2. The Act consolidates the effect of the current orders under s. 10 of 1958. The power to vary or revoke such orders conferred by s. 10(5) is preserved in relation to provisions of the Act derived from such orders by section 15(5).

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

*8 1958 s. 1(1); 1966 *. 1(1). 1958 s. 1(9).

2(1) 1958 s. 1(2). 1958 s. 1(3).

(3) (4) The Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967 (c. 13) s. 1(5). 1958 8. 1(4).

3 1958 s. 1(5), (6), (7).

4 1958 s. 2.

5 1958 s. 4.

$ 1966 s. 4.

7 1958 8. 3 except subsections (4) and (8).

8 1958 s. 5; Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964 (c. 14) s. 12(2); Tribunals and Inquiries (Immigration Appeals) Order 1970 (1970/1219) Art. 4.

9 1958 s. 6.

10 1958 s. 8; 1966 s. 3.

11 1958 s. 7A except subsection (4) (inserted by Town and Country Planning Act 1959 (c. 53) s. 33 and Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1959 (c. 70) s. 33); 1966 ss. 1(1), 2(1).

12 1958 s. 12 except subsection (5); 1966 s. 1(2).

13 1958 s. 9; Northern Ireland Act 1962 (c. 30) Sch. 1: Lands Tribunal Act 1949 (c. 42) s. 3(12X«) as substituted by the Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 (c. 35) s. 50(2); Tribunals and Inquiries (National Insurance Adjudicator) Order 1959 (1959/1267) Art. 4; Tribunals and Inquiries (Industrial Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/1403) Art. 4; Tribunals and Inquiries (Rent Assessment Committees) Order 1965 (1965/2151) Art. 4; Tribunals and Inquiries (Firemen’s Pension Scheme Appeal Tribunals and Air Operators’ Certificates) Order 1971 (1971/831) Art. 3(2).

14 1958 s. 11.

15 1958 s. 10 except subsections (5) and (6). See Note 2 above.

16 1958 ss. 7A(4), 10(5), (6), 12(5); 1966 s. 1(3). Q2

xxxvi Table of Derivations

TRIBUNALS AND INQUIRIES ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

17 See Schedule 2.

18 —

19 1958 s. 14 966 s. 1(2), (4); Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964 (c. 14) s 2(3).

20 1966 s. 1(5).

Sch. 1

para i 1958 Sch. 1 para. 1.

2(a) Tribunals and Inquiries (Air Transport Licensing Board) Order 1960 (1960/1335).

(b) Tribunals and Inquiries (Firemen’s Pension Scheme Appeal Tribunals and Air Operators’ Certificates) Order 1971 (1971/831) Art. 3(1 )(6).

3 Tribunals and Inquiries (Betting Levy Appeal Tribunals) Order 1962 (1962/1697).

4 1958 Sch. 1 para. 2.

5 Tribunals and Inquiries (Commons Commissioners) Order 1970 (1970/1774).

6 1958 Sch. 1 para. 4.

7 1958 Sch. 1 para. 5.

8 Tribunals and Inquiries (Immigration Appeals) Order 1970 (1970/ 1219).

9 Tribunals and Inquiries (Indemnification of Justices and Clerks) Order 1964 (1964/1726).

10 Tribunals and Inquiries (Industrial Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/ 1403).

11 Iron and Steel Act 1967 (c. 17) s. 32(3).

12 1958 Sch. 1 para. 6.

13 Tribunals and Inquiries (Miscellaneous Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/276).

14 Tribunals and Inquiries (Mental Health Review Tribunals) Order 1960 (1960/810).

15 1958 Sch. 1 para. 7.

16 1958 Sch. 1 para. 8.

1.7 1958 Sch. 1 para. 10.

18(a) Tribunals and Inquiries (National Insurance Adjudicator) Order 1959 (1959/1267).

(6) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 11(a) (substituted by National Insurance Act 1966 (c. 6) s. 13(3)).

(c) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 11(6) (substituted by National Insurance Act 1966 (c. 6) s. 13(3)).

id) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 11(c) (substituted by National Insurance Act 1966 (c. 6) s. 13(3)).

19 1958 Sch. 1 para. 13.

20 1958 Sch. 1 para. 9; Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 (c. 20) Sch. 6 para. 16.

21 1958 Sch. 1 para. 14.

22 1958 Sch. 1 para. 15.

23(a) Tribunals and Inquiries (Miscellaneous Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/276) Art. 3(2).

(b) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 16(a).

(c) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 16(6).

id) Tribunals and Inquiries (Firemen’s Pehsion Scheme Appeal Tribunals and Air Operators’ Certificates) Order 1971 (1971/831) Art. 3(lXa).

24 1958 Sch. 1 para. 17.

25 Plant Varieties and Seeds Act 1964 (c. 14) s. 12(1)

26 1958 Sch. 1 para. 18.

Table of Derivations xxxvii

TRIBUNALS AND INQUIRIES ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

Sch. 1 cont. para. 27 Tribunals and Inquiries (Local Valuation Courts and Valuation Appeal Committees) Order 1965 (1965/2190).

28(a) (b) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 19; Rent Act 1968 (c. 23) Sch. 15. Tribunals and Inquiries (Rent Assessment Committees) Order 1965 (1965/2151) Art. 3.

8 1958 Sch. 1 para. 20(d). 1958 Sch. 1 para. 20(6). 1958 Sch. 1 para. 20 (d). Tribunals and Inquiries (Finance Act Tribunal) Order 1960 (1960/ 1668).

30 1958 Sch. 1 para. 21; Transport Act 1968 (c. 73) Sch. 10 Part I, Sch. 18 Part IV.

31 32 33 34 1958 Sch. 1 para. 22. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 23. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 24. Tribunals and Inquiries (Betting Levy Appeal Tribunals) Order 1962(1962/1697).

35 36 37 38 1958 Sch. 1 para. 26. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 27. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 28. Tribunals and Inquiries (Industrial Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/ 1403).

39 Tribunals and Inquiries (Lands Tribunal for Scotland) Order 1970 (1970/1458).

40 41 42 43(a) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 30. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 31. 1958 Sch. 1 para. 32. Tribunals and Inquiries (Miscellaneous Tribunals) Order 1965 (1965/276) Art. 3(2).

(b) 44 1958 Sch. 1 para. 33. Tribunals and Inquiries (Local Valuation Courts and Valuation Appeal Committees) Order 1965 (1965/2190).

45(d) 1958 Sch. 1 para. 34; Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 (c. 28). Tribunals and Inquiries (Rent Assessment Committees) Order 1965 (1965/2151) Art. 3.

46 47 1958 Sch. 1 para. 35(d). Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (c. 49) s. 89.

Sch. 2 para. 1 1958 s. 3(8); Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 (Commencement) Order 1958 (1958/2079).

2 1966 s. 2(2).

Sch. 3 —

Sch. 4 —

Q3

xxxviii Table of Derivations

THE VEHICLES (EXCISE) ACT 1971 (c. 10)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1962 = The Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 c. 13.

1962 (F) = The Finance Act 1962 c. 44 (and so on as respects subsequent years except 1963).

1969 = The Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969 c. 27.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

1( 3 1962, ss. 1(1), 4(1). 1962, s. 1(2).

;3) 1962, s. 4(2).

A) 1962, s. 4(3).

2(1) 1962, s. 2(1); 1969, s. 4(1); S.I. 1968 No. 439.

;2) 1969, s. 4(3). 1969, s. 4(7).

:4) 1962, s. 2(2). 1969, s. 4(8).

(5)

(6) 1969, s. 4(9).

3(1M4) 1962, s. 5; 1969, s. 2(8), Sch. 1 paras. 4 and 5; National Loans Act

1968 c. 13 s. 1(8); S.I. 1970 No. 1681.

(5) 1969, s. 36(2).

% 1962,s.6(l); 1965 (F), s. 6(1); 1970 (F), s. 9(1). 1962, s. 6(8); 1965 (F), s. 6(1).

5 1962, s. 6(5); Road Safety Act 1967 c. 30, s. 27; 1969, s. 10.

6 1969 (F), s. 6(1).

7j [2) 1962, s. 6(7); 1969, s. 6(6), Sch. 1 para. 4. 1964 (F), s. 11; S.I. 1968 No. 1699.

1 (3) 1962, s. 6(2).

1 [4) 1962, s. 6(3).

1 [5) 1962, s. 6(4).

8< ») 1962,s.7; 1967 (F), s. 11(1). 1969, s. 29(1X2).

< "8 1967 (F), s. 11(2). 1962 (F), s. 5(1).

9 1967 (F), s. 12(1M7X10); 1969, s. 12(4), Sch. 1 paras. 11,16-18.

HX1M5) 1969, s. 11.

(6) 1969, s. 24.

11 1969, ss. 12(1 M3), 32.

12(1) 1962, s. 8(1).

1 1 [2) [3) 1962, s. 8(2Xa). 1962, s. 8(2X6); 1969, Sch. 1 para. 4.

1 [4) 1962, s. 8(3) substituted Transport Act 1968 c. 73 s. 147.

(5) 1969, s. 29(1X2).

(6) 1962, s. 8(4).

(7) 1962, s. 8(5).

13 1969, s. 5 (except part of subsection (2)).

Table of Derivations

VEHICLES (EXCISE) ACT—cont.

xxxix

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

14 1969, s. 6 (except subsection (3X/))*

15 1969, ss. 7(1H4), 32.

16(1M3) 1962, s. 12(1H3) substituted 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part I; 1969, Sch. 1 para. 4; 1970 (F), s. 9(2).

(4) (5) 1969, s. 4(1) and s. 4 (2) substituted 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part II para. 5. 1962, s. 12(5) substituted 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part I; 1969, Sch. 1 para. 15.

(6) (7) 1962, s. 12(6). 1962, s. 12(9) substituted 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part II para. 1; 1962 (F), s. 5(1).

(8) 1962, s. 12(10); 1968 (F), s. 9; 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part II para. 2; 1970 (F), s. 9(3).

i?r3) 1969, ss. 8(1M4), 32. 1969, s. 24.

18 1962, s. 10; 1967 (F), s. 11(1); 1969, Sch. 1 para. 14.

19 1962, s. 13; 1969, ss. 7(5), 20(5) (in part), Sch. 1 paras. 4,6.

20 1969, s. 20(1M4) (except subsection (3

21 1962, s. 14.

22(1) (2) (3) 1962, s. 15(1); Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 1967 c. 70 s. 4(4). 1962, s. 15(2). 1962, s. 15(3).

23 1962, s. 16 substituted 1969, s. 17; 1964 (F), s. 11(1) (in part); 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part II para. 6.

24 1969, s. 19 (except subsection (2)(d)).

25 1969, ss. 21(1X2), 35.

"8! 1962, s. 17(1); 1969, s. 28(1)(2); 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Part II para. 4. 1962, s. 17(2); 1962 (F), s. 5(2); 1969, s. 28(1)(2).

27(1) (2) (3) 1962, s. 18(1); 1967 (F), s. 12(8); 1969, s. 28(4), Sch. 1 para. 4. 1962,8.18(2); 1969, s. 28(4). 1962, s. 18(3); 1969, s. 28(4).

28(1H3) (5) 1969, s. 25(2H4) (in part). 1969, s. 25(6). 1962, s. 19(2); 1969, s. 26(7).

29 1969, s. 26(1M5) (in part).

30 1962,s.ll; 1969, Sch. 1 para. 4.

31 1969, s. 27 (in part).

32 1965 (F), s. 7.

33 1962, s. 20.

34 1969, s. 30.

35(1) (2) (3) 1962, s. 21(1); 1969, s. 28(6). 1962, s. 21(2); 1969, s. 28(6); National Loans Act 1968 c. 13, s. 1(8). 1962, s. 19(2); 1969, s. 26(7), Sch. 1 para. 7. Q4

xl

Table of Derivations

VEHICLES (EXCISE) ACT—

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

36 37(1) (2) (3) 1970(F), s. 9(4X5). 1962, s. 23(1); 1969, s. 34(2)(5). 1962, s. 23(2); 1969, s. 23(2). 1962, s. 17(3) substituted 1969, s. 28(3); 1969, ss. 6(3)(/), 19(2)(d) 20(3 )(d)and 32.

(4) (5) 1969 s Wit 1962| s’. 23(3); 1969, s. 34(1).

38(1) 1962, s. 24(1); Hire-Purchase Act 1965, c. 66, Sch. 5; Hire-Purchase (Scotland) Act 1965, c. 67, Sch. 5; 1969, s. 33(1).

(2) (3) (4) (5) (6) 1969, s. 9. 1962, s. 24(2). 1962, s. 24(3). 1962, s. 24(4). 1962, s. 24(6); 1969, s. 33(2).

39 Transitional provisions, savings, repeals and revocations.

40 Short title, commencement, duration and extent.

Sch. 1 Parti Part II 1962, Sch. 1 Part I; 1965 (F), Sch. 5 Part V para. 1. 1962, Sch. 1 Part II substituted 1968 (F), s. 8(1), Sch. 7 Part I.

Sch. 2 Parti Part II 1962, Sch. 2 Part I; 1968 (F), s. 8(3)(5). 1962, Sch. 2 Part II.

Sch. 3 Parti para. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Part II 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 1. 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 2; 1965 (F), s. 6(3). 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 3. 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 4. 1965 (F), Sch. 5 Part V para. 2. 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 5. 1962, Sch. 3 Part I para. 6. 1962, Sch. 3 Part II substituted 1968 (F), Sch. 7 Part II.

Sch. 4 Parti para. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Part II 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 1. 1968 (F), s. 8(3)(5). 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 2; 1965 (F), Sch. 5 Part V para. 3. 1968 (F), s. 8(4). 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 3. 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 4(1); 1965 (F), s. 6(2). 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 5. 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 6. 1962, Sch. 4 Part I para. 7; 1965 (F), Sch. 5 Part V para. 3. 1962, Sch. 4 Part II substituted 1968 (F), Sch. 7 Part III.

Sch. 5 Parti Part II 1962, Sch. 5 Part I. 1962, Sch. 5 Part II substituted 1968 (F), Sch. 7 Part IV.

Sch. 6 para. 1 2 3 4 5 1962, Sch. 6 para. 1. 1966 (F), s. 8(1 M3). 1962, Sch. 6 para. 2. 1962, Sch. 6 para. 3. 1962. Sch. 6 oara. 4.

Table of Derivations xli VEHICLES (EXCISE) ACT—com.

Section of 1971 Act Derivation

Sch. 7 Parti para. 1 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1962, s. 2. 1962, s. 2 until amendment by 1969, ss. 4(3)(7), 38(2). 1962, s. 2(2). 1962, s. 2 until amendment by 1969, ss. 4(8)(9), 38(2). 1962, s. 3. 1962, s. 7 until amendment by 1969, ss. 29, 38(2). 1967 (F), s. 12(2M4). 1969, ss. 11,12 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1969, s. 29 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1969, s. 5 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1969, ss. 6. 7, 32 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1962, s. 12(4)(5), substituted 1969 (F), Sch. 12 Pt. I until amended by 1969 s. 4(2), Sch. 1 para. 5.

13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 1962, s. 9. 1969, s. 8(4) before commencement under s. 38(2). 1969, ss. 8(5), 38(2). 1969, s. 24 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1962, s. 10(3). 1962, s. 13(1). 1969, s. 20(l)-(4) before commencement under s. 38(2). 1962, s. 16. 1969, s. 19 before commencement under s. 38(2). 1969, s. 21(l)(a)(/>)(2) before respective commencements under s. 38(2).

23 24 Part II para. 4 10 1969, s. 28(2 )(b)before respective commencements under s. 38(2). 1962, s. 17(3). 1969, s. 4(6). 1969, s. 21(3).

Effect of Legislation

xliii

TABLE VI Effect of Legislation

Acts and Measuses (in chronological order) repealed, amended or otherwise affected by those Acts and Statutory Instruments which received the Royal Assent or were made during 1971.

LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS

am amended ext. ... ... extended

appl applied applied with modifications Church Assembly Measures incorp. mod. ... incorporated ... modified

restr. ... restricted

cont continued rep. ... ... repealed

excl excluded S.I. ... ... Statutory Instrument

expld. explained subst. ... substituted

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

25 Edw. 1: Carta de Foresta [1297] Confirmation of the Charters [1297]. Residue rep Chapter I rep. in pt. ... 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

33 Edw. 1: An Ordinance of the Forest [1305]. Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

34 Edw. 1: An Ordinance of the Forest [1306]. Customs and Assise of the Forest [Temp. Incert]. Residue rep Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

1 Edw. 3: c.2 Botes in Forest [1327]... Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

25Edw. 3Stat. 5: c. 7 Limit on demand of put-ure in forest [1351]. Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

7 Hen. 4: c. 1 Confirmation of Liberties [1405]. Rep. in pt 47, s. 1(4), sch.

4 Hen. 5 Stat. 2: c. 1 Confirmation of Charters and Statutes [1416]. Rep. in pt 47, s. 1(4), sch.

27 Hen. 8: c. 7 c. 24 An Act for the abuses in the forests of Wales [1535]. Jurisdiction in Liberties Act 1535. Rep S. 3 residue rep. 47, s. 1(4), sch. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II.

xliv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

33 Hen. 8: c. 39 Crown Debts Act 1541 S. 37 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

34 & 35 Hen. 8: c. 26 Laws in Wales Act 1542 S. 21 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

16 Chas. 1: c. 16 Delimitation of Forests Act 1640. Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

12 Chas. 2: c. 24 Tenures Abolition Act 1660. S. 9 appl. 3, s. 8.

19 & 20 Chas. 2: c. 8 Dean Forest Act 1667 ... Residue rep. (saving) ... 47, s. 1(4)(6), sch.

29 Chas. 2: c. 8 Augmentation of Benefices Act 1677. Rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

31 Chas. 2: c. 2 9 Will. 3: c. 33 Habeas Corpus Act 1679 New Forest Act 1697 ... S. 2 am S. 6 rep S. 8 am Ss. 17, 18 rep Rep 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 4(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 4(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

13 Anne: c. 11 Simony Act 1713 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

16 Geo. 2: c. 18 c. 31 Justices Jurisdiction Act 1742. Prison (Escape) Act 1742 S. 3 rep Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

24 Geo. 2: c. 23 Calendar (New Style) Act 1750. Annexed Calendars rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

25 Geo. 2: c. 36 Disorderly Houses Act 1751. S. 10 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt.IV.

5 Geo. 3: c. 17 Ecclesiastical Leases Act 1765. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

12 Geo. 3: c. 24 Dockyards, etc. Protection Act 1772. Rep 48, ss. 11 (2)(8), 12(6), sch. Pt. III.

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

17 Geo. 3: c. 53 Clergy Residences Repair Act 1776. S. 14 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

32 Geo. 3: c. 56 Servants’ Characters Act 1792. S. 10 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

38 Geo. 3: c. 52 Counties of Cities Act 1798. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

39 & 40 Geo. 3: c. 67 c. 86 Union with Ireland Act 1800. New Forest Act 1800 ... Ss. 1, 2 rep. in pt. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch.

41 Geo. 3(U.K.): c. 32 c. 108 Irish Charges Act 1801 New Forest [1801] S. 1 rep. in pt Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch.

44 Geo. 3: c. 102 Habeas Corpus Act 1804 S. 1 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

48 Geo. 3: c. 72 c. 140 c. 145 Dean and New Forests Act 1808. Dublin Police Magistrates Act 1808. Judges’ Pensions (Scotland) Act 1808. Preamble, ss. 1, 2 rep., 3, 4 rep. in pt. 5, 7 rep. S. 14 rep. Pensions increase 47, s. 1(4), sch. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 5(c).

50 Geo. 3: c. 116 New Forest [1810] Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

51 Geo. 3: c. 100 Counties of Cities Act 1811. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

52 Geo. 3: c. 71 c. 72 Woolmer Forest [1812] Alice Holt Forest [1812] Residue rep Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 146 c. 155 Parochial Registers Act 1812. Places of Religious Worship Act 1812. S. 18 rep. Ss. 7, 10 rep. in pt., 12, 16, 17 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

53 Geo. 3: c. 127 c. 158 Ecclesiastical Courts Act 1813. Windsor Forest [1813]... Rep Rep. (except ss. 75-79, 89). 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch.

54 Geo. 3: c. 159 c. 170 Harbours Act 1814 Poor Relief Act 1814 ... Ss. 23, 26 rep. (E.) Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

55 Geo. 3: c. 122 c. 138 c. 184 c. 190 Windsor Forest [1815]... Exmoor Forest [1815]... Stamp Act 1815 Brecknock Forest [1815] Rep Residue rep Ss. 24, 27, 28, sch. Pt. I rep. (E.). Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47, s. 1(4), sch. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch.

56 Geo. 3: c. 132 Windsor Forest [1816]... Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

57 Geo. 3: c. 91 c. 93 Clerks of the Peace (Fees) Act 1817. Distress (Costs) Act 1817 Rep S. 7 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

58 Geo. 3: c. 99 c. 100 Brecknock Forest [1818] Sherwood Forest [1818] Rep Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

59 Geo. 3: c. 7 c. 86 Cutlery Trade Act 1819 New Forest and Forest of Dean [1819]. Ss. 9 rep., 10 rep. in pt. Title rep. in pt., preamble Ss. 1^6 rep Ss. 7, 8 rep. in pt., 9-11 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

60 Geo. 3 & 1 Geo. 4: c. 1 Unlawful Drilling Act 1819. S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

1 & 2 Geo. 4: c. 41 c. 52 Steam Engine Furnaces Act 1821. Land Revenues of the Crown [1821]. Rep S. 12 rep. S. 13 rep. (saving) 52, S.L. (Repeals). 47, s. 1(4), sch. 47,s. 1(4)(7), sch.

3 Geo. 4: c. 49 Sheriffs of Edinburgh and Lanark Act 1822. Rep 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

4 Geo. 4: c. 48 5 Geo. 4: c. 83 c. 99 Judgment of Death Act 1823. Vagrancy Act 1824 Whittlewood Forest [1824]. Rep Ss. 5, 10, 14 am. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 5. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

6 Geo. 4: c. 8 c. 50 Glebe Exchange Act 1825 Juries Act 1825 S. 3 rep Rep. (except ss. 1, 27,29, 50). S. 1 am S. 27 am. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 31(3). 23,s.40(7), sch. 4 para. 3(2).

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

6 Geo. 4:

c. 50—corn. Juries Act 1825—coni. S. 27 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. I.

S. 29 am. 23,s.40(7), sch. 4 para. 3(2).

S. 50 am. 23,s.40(71, sch. 4 para. 2(3).

rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.

c. 132 Salcey Forest [1825] ... Rep. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

7 Geo. 4:

c. 6 Bank Notes Act 1826 ... Ss. 4 rep., 5 rep. in pt.... 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 63 County Buildings Act Rep 23.s.p5^;*h.

c. 64 Criminal Law Act 1826... Ss. 12,13 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 21 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. I.

S. 31 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

c. 66 Clergy Residence Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-peals).

1826.

9 Geo. 4:

c. 69 Night Poaching Act 1828 S. 2 rep. in pt 47, s. 1(4), sch.

Ss. 6-8 rep. (E.). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

10 Geo. 4:

c. 44 Metropolitan Police Act 1829. Ss. 6, 7, 35 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 50 Crown Lands Act 1829... Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4: c. 68 Carriers Act 1830 S. 1 am 24, s. 12(2), sch. 2

c. 70 Law Terms Act 1830 ... S. 15 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 32 am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 6.

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 32 Game Act 1831 Ss. 8,9, 31, 32 rep. in pt., 33 rep., 35, 36 rep. in 47, s. 1(4), sch.

pt.

S. 44 rep. (E.) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 45 Augmentation of Bene- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

fices Act 1831. peals).

2 & 3 Will. 4:

c. Ill Lord Chancellor’s Pen- Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

sion Act 1832. para. 2.

3 & 4 Will. 4:

c. 35 Inclosure and Drainage S. 3 am. (Crown Court)... 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

(Rates) Act 1833. Ss. 3,4 rep. in pt. Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Will. 4: —cont.

c. 41 5 & 6 Will. 4: Judicial Committee Act 1833. Ss. 10-12 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 50 Highways Act 1835 Ss. 105-108 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 62 Statutory Declarations Act 1835. Ss. 6, 9, 10 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

6 & 7 Will. 4:

c. 3 Forest of Dean f18361 ... Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 19 7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict.: Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836. S. 1 proviso rep. 23. s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. 11.

c. 24 County Buildings Act 1837. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 41 Small Debt (Scotland) Act 1837. Rep. (prosp.) 58, ss. 35(2), 46 (2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 77 Central Criminal Court Act 1837. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 83 Parliamentary Documents Deposit Act 1837. Am. (E.) 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 7.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 4 Quarter Sessions Act 1837 Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

c. 20 Queen Anne’s Bounty Act 1838. S. 21 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 23 Parsonages Act 1838 ... S. 12 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 38 Vagrancy Act 1838 S. 1 rep. (E.) 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 42 Dean Forest (Encroachments) Act 1838. Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 106 Pluralites Act 1838 Ss. 104, 105, sch. 1 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 110 Judgments Act 1838 ... S. 17 am. S.I. No. 491.

2 & 3 Vict.:

c. 47 Metropolitan Police Act 1839. S. 54 para. 10 rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I.

c. 69 Judges’ Lodgings Act 1839. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 71 3 & 4 Vict: Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1839. S. 32 rep. S. 38 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 48. s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I.

c. 85 Chimney Sweepers and Chimnevs Regulation Act 1840. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 92 Non-Parochial Registers Act 1840. S. 8 rep. in pt S.ll rep. in pt 48. s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Vict: —cont.

c. 110 Loan Societies Act 1840 S. 4 rep. in pt S. 12 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

4 & 5Viet.:

c. 30 Ordnance Survey Act 1841. S. 2 am. (Crown Court) Ss. 2, 5, 6 rep. in pt. ... S. 7 rep. in pt 23, s. 56 (2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 48, ss. 11(8), 12(6), sch. Pt. 11.

5 & 6 Vict.:

c. 4 Bishoprics, etc. in West Indies [1842]. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 38 Quarter Sessions Act 1842. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 65 Dean Forest Act 1842 ... Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 98 Slave Trade Act 1843 ... S. 4 am rep. in pt 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 8. 23. s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 13 Forest of Dean [1844] ... Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 32 Bank Charter Act 1844 Ss. 23, 24 rep Sch. (A) Power to mod. Schs. (B), (C) rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 24, s. 12(4). 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 33 County Rates Act 1844 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 16 Companies Clauses Consolidation Act 1845. S. 146 rep. in pt. (E.) ... S. 159 am. (Crown Court) (E.) S. 160 rep. (and as incorporated in any other enactment) (E.). 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845. Ss. 63, 68 appl. (E.) (1.4.1972) . S. 68 ext. (E.) (1.4.1972) S. 92 saved (E.) (1.4.1972) . S. 146 am. (Crown Court) (E.). 78, s. 127(3). 78, s. 121(4). 78, s. 202(1). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consolida- Incorp. in pt. (prosp.) ... 58, s. 24(4).

tion (Scotland) Act Appl 75, s. 14(9)(6).

1845. Ss. 56-60, 63-66 excl. S. 80 ext. Ss. 108-111 ext. (mod.) 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix B para. 15. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix B para. 21. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix B para. 16.

1

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act of number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 19—cont. Lands Clauses Consolida- S. 112 appl. (mod.) ... 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix B

tion (Scotland) Act

1845—cont. Ss. 117-119 excl. para. 17. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix B para. 15.

c. 20 Railways Causes Con- S. 95 rep. in pt. (E) • • 47, s. 1(4), sch.

solidation Act 1845.

c. 37 Bankers (Ireland) Act Am • • • 24, s. 12(2), sch. 2

1845. Schs. A. B Power to mod. 24, s. 12(4).

c. 38 Bank Notes (Scotland) Am ... 24, s. 12(2), sch. 2

Act 1845. S. 19 rep. ... 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

Schs. A, B Power to mod. 24, s. 12(4).

c. 56 Land Drainage Act 1845 Rep ... 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 118 Inclosure Act 1845 S. 63 am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Court). Pt. I.

S. 163 rep. in pt. ... 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. VI.

9 & 10 Vict.:

c. 39 Chelsea Bridge and Em- S. 85 rep. ... 48, s. 11(8), sch.

bankment Act 1846. Pt. I.

c. 93 Fatal Accidents Act 1846 Appl. (E.) ... 22, s. 10.

Am. (E.) (S.) ... ... 43, s. 4.

S. 1 am. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 11(2).

S. 3 restr. (E.) (S.) ... 43, s. 2(1), sch. 1

Pt. I.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 16 Commissioners Clauses Ss. 3 definition of 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1847. " quarter sessions * rep. (E.). ’,93 11 Pt. IV.

c. 27 Harbours, Docks and Pier Ss. 26 rep. (E.), 85,90 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Clauses Act 1847. in pt. (E.). 11 Pt.IV.

c. 28 County Buildings Act Rep ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1847. 11 PL IV.

c. 34 Towns Improvement S. 3 definition of 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Clauses Act 1847. "quarter sessions* (E). rep. 11 Pt. IV.

Ss. 185-190 am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9.

Court) (E.). Ss. 185, 186 rep. in pt. Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(E.), 187 rep. (E.), 189 11 Pt. IV.

rep. in pt. (E.), rep. (E.). 190

c. 65 Cemeteries Causes Act S. 58 rep. (E.) (S.) ... 48, ss. 11(8), 12

1847. (6), sch. Pt. II.

c. 89 Town Police Causes Act S. 3 definition of 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1847. " quarter sessions ’’ 11 Pt. IV.

rep. (E.).

S. 67 rep. (E.) ... ... 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 42 Indictable Offences Act Ss. 12-14 am. ... ... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

1848. S. 32 rep. in pt. para. 9. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 43 Summary Jurisdiction Act Rep ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1848. 11 Pt. IV.

ie

Effect of Legislation

li

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12 & 13 Vict.:

c. 45 Quarter Sessions Act Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1849. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 81 New Forest and Waltham Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

Forest [1849].

c. 109 Petty Bag Act 1849 Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt.IV.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 26 Piracy Act 1850. S. 6 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 43 Court of Chancery of Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Lancaster Act 1850. 11 Pt. n.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 25. Landlord and Tenant Ss. 1, 3 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Act 1851. peals).

c. 43 Hainault Forest [1851]... Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 76 New Forest Act 1851 ... Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 93 Petty Sessions (Ireland) S. 30 am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

Act 1851. para. 10.

c. 100 Criminal Procedure Act Ss. 27 rep. (E.), 30 rep. in pt. (E.). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1851. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 105 Poor Law Amendment Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Act 1851. peals).

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 28 Commissioners of Works S. 2 ext. (E.) 23, s. 28(2).

Act 1852. (S.) (prosp.) ... 58, s. 24(3).

c. 76 Common Law Procedure Ss. 105-115 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1852. 11 Pt. I.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 30 Criminal Procedure Act S. 2 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1853. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 36 Whichwood Disafforest- Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

ing Act 1853.

c. 42 Whittlewood Disafforest- Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

ing Act 1853.

c. 46 Westminster Bridge Act S. 14 rep. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

1853. Pt. I.

c. 107 Customs Consolidation S. 327 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Act 1853. peals).

c. 129 Pilotage Law Amend- Ss. 10,13 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

ment Act 1853. peals).

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 49 An Act for the settlement Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

of claims upon and over the New Forest

[1854].

c 34 Attendance of Witnesses Appl. (prosp.) 38,s.l6(l), sch. 3

Act 1854. para. 5(2).

c. 82 Court of Chancery of Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Lancaster Act 1854. 11 Pt. II.

c. 83 Stamp Act 1854 Rep. (E.) 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 84 Augmentation of Bene- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

fices Act 1854. peals).

c. 94 Public Revenue and Con- Sch. (B) rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

solidated Fund Charges Act 1854. peals).

lii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

17 & 18 Vict.: —cont.

c. 125 Common Law Procedure Act 1854. S. 59 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 15 Judgments Act 1855 ... Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 46 An Act for disafforesting the forest of Woolmer [1855]. Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 20 Bankers’ Compositions Act 1856. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 32 Whichwood Disafforesting Amendment Act 1856. Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

20 &21 Vict.:

c. 33 Representative Peers (Ireland) Act 1857. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 77 Court of Probate Act 1857. Ss. 73 rep. in pt., 82 rep. 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 79 Probates and Letters of Administration Act S. 27 rep. in pt. 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

(Ireland) 1857. S. 63 proviso rep. Ss. 94, 95 rep S.I. No. 875. 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 81 Burial Act 1857 S. 25 restr. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 128(6).

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 37 Hainault Forest (Allotment of Commons) Act 1858. Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 56 Confirmation and Probate Act 1858. S. 9 rep. in pt Ss. 13,14, sch. (F) rep.... 25, ss. 6(1), 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I. 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 73 22 Vict.: Stipendiary Magistrates Act 1858. Ss. 3 rep. in pt., 9-12 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 30 Confirmation and Probate Amendment Act 1859. S. 1 am 25, s. 7, sch. 1 para. 1.

22 &23 Vict.:

c. 31 Court of Probate Act S. 8 rep S.I. No. 875.

(Ireland) 1859. S. 25 rep 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

23 & 24 Vict.:

c. 5 Indian Securities Act 1860. S. 1 rep. in pt 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 32 Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction Act 1860. S. 4 am. (Crown Court)... 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 79 Sheriff Court Houses Act 1860. Rep. (prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

liii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 40 Forest of Dean [1861] ... S. 25 rep. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 45 General Pier and Harbour Act 1861. S. 15 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 97 Malicious Damage Act Rep. (E.) (except ss. 35, 48, s. 11(3X8),

1861. 36, 47, 48, 58, 72). sch. Pt. I.

c. 100 Offences against the Person Act 1861. Ss. 18, 20-23, 28, 29 ext. 70, s. 2.

c. 121 Domicile Act 1861 Ss. 1-3 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

25 & 26 Vict.:

c. 53 Land Registry Act 1862 S. 73 rep. in pt. Ss. 108-113 rep. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14, Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 107 Juries Act 1862 Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

c. 114 Poaching Prevention Act Ss. 5 rep. in pt. (E.), 6 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1862. rep. (E.) 11 Pt. IV.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 36 London Diocese Act 1863 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 101 Land Tax Commissioners (Appointment) [1863]. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 105 Promissory Notes Act 1863. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 112 Telegraph Act 1863 Excl. (E.) (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 220(3Xe).

27 &28 Vict.:

c. 20 Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act 1864. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 25 Naval Prize Act 1864 ... S. 46 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 37 Chimney Sweepers Regulation Act 1864. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 39 Union Assessment Committee Amendment Act 1864. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 101 Highway Act 1864 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 48 Courts of Justice Building Act 1865. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 68 Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Superannuation) Act 1865. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 69 Parsonages Act 1865 ... S. 5 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 73 Naval and Marine Pay S. 2 definitions of—

and Pensions Act 1865. " officer " rep. in pt. (prosp.). " seaman or marine " am. (prosp.). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II. 33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 1.

c. 89 Greenwich Hospital Act 1865. S. 5 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 2.

c. 104 Crown Suits Act 1865 ... Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

liv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

28 & 29 Vict.: ■

—cont.

c. 111.., Navy and Marines (Pro- S. 2 definitions of—

perty of Deceased) Act " officer " rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch.4

1865. (prosp.). Pt. n.

"seaman or marine" 33, s. 75, sch. 3

am. (prosp.). para. 3.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 53 Sheriff Court Houses Rep. (prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2

(Scotland) Act 1866 Pt. I.

c. 70 Walmore and Bearce Residue rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

Commons, Forest of Dean [1866].

30 & 31 Vict.:

c. 35 Criminal Law Amend- S. 6 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ment Act 1867. 11 Pt. rv.

c. 36 Chester Courts Act 1867 Rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 48 Sale of Land by Auction S. 8 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1867. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 115 Justices of the Peace Act Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1867. 11 Pt. IV.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 32 Endowed Schools Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1868. peals).

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Sch. am. 72, s. 63(3), sch. 3

Act 1868. para. 2.

c. 72 Promissory Oaths Act Sch. Pt. II am. 23, s. 22(1).

1868.

c. 100 Court of Session Act 1868 S. 91 appl 75, s. 29(6).

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 43 Diplomatic Salaries &c. Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Act 1869. para. 29.

c. 62 Debtors Act 1869 S. 5 mod. 32, s. 3(4H7).

Ss. 10 rep. in pt., 29 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 10 Coinage Act 1870 Rep 24, s. 13 sch. 3.

c. 52 Extradition Act 1870 ... Ss. 17, 22 ext 70, s. 6(1).

Sch. 1 am 70, s. 3(1).

am. (prosp.) 38, s. 33.

rep. in pt. 48, ss. 11(8), 12

(6), sch. Pt. in.

c. 77 Juries Act 1870 Ss. 6, 19 rep., 20 (except 23, s. 56(4), sch.

as respects service at a coroner’s court) rep., 21 rep., 23 rep. in pt., 24 rep., sch. rep. in pt. 11 Pt. I.

Sch. am 23, s. 56(1), sch.

para. 11.

c. 89 Queen Anne’s Bounty Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

(Superannuation) Act 1870. peals).

c. 109 Common Law Procedure Residue rep S.I. No. 875.

Amendment Act (Ireland) 1870.

Effect of Legislation

1v

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 17 Bank Holidays Act 1871 Rep 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2

* Pt. II.

c. 31 ... Trade Union Act 1871... Rep. (prosp.) 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

c. 48 Promissory Oaths Act Exd. (E.) 23, s. 22(2).

1871.

c. 93 Epping Forest Act 1871 Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 50 Railway Rolling Stock S. 6 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Protection Act 1872. (E.). Pt. I.

c. 51 Judges Salaries Act 1872 S. 4 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 86 Borough and Local S. 8 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Courts of Record Act 1872. 11 Pt. II.

c. 93 Pawnbrokers Act 1872... S. 52 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

(E.). Pt. I.

S. 52 rep. in pt. (E.) ... S.I. No. 1292.

c. 95 Epping Forest Amend- Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

ment Act 1872.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 5 Epping Forest Act 1873 Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 60 Extradition Act 1873 ... Sch. am. 48, s. 11(4).

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 12 East India Annuity Funds Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 45 Act 1874. County of Hertford and Ss. 16-20, 36, 37, 42 rep. 23^56(4), sch.

Liberty of St. Albans Act 1874. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 66 Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Residue rep S.I. No. 875.

Act 1874.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 6 Epping Forest Act 1875 Holidays Extension Act Rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 13 Rep 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2.

1875.

c. 17 Explosives Act 1875 ... S. 66(1) am. (E.) 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 12.

S. 75 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 82 rep. in pt. (E.) (S.) 48, ss. 11(8), 12

(6), sch. Pt. H.

S. 93 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

(E.). Pt. I.

c. 41 Intestates Widows and S. 3 rep. in pt 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2

Children (Scotland) Act 1875. Pt. I.

c. 55 Public Health Act 1875... S. 4 definition of " court 23, s. 56(4), sch.

of quarter sessions " 11 Pt. IV.

rep. S. 269 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

c. 70 Chimney Sweepers Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1875. peals).

c. 86 Conspiracy, and Protec- S. 3 am 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

tion of Property Act rep. in pt. (prosp.)... 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

1875. S. 4 rep. (prosp) 72, ss. 133, 169,

sch. 9.

v^»

ivi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

38 &39 Vict.:

c. 86—cont. Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act 1875—cont. S. 5 excl. (prosp.) S. 7 am. (prosp.) S. 11 rep. in pt. (prosp.) S. 12 rep. (E.) Ss. 14, 18 para. (1) rep. 72, s. 147(2)(c). 72, s. 134(2). 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

c. 89 Public Works Loans Act 1875. (prosp.). S. 33 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 90 Employers and Workmen Act 1875. Ss. 3,7 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 8 rep. (prosp.). 72, ss. 128(2), 169, sch. 9.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 18 Treasury Solicitor Act 1876. S. 2 rep. in pt 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 20 Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments) Act 1876. S. 5 rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 22 Trade Union Act Amendment Act 1876. Rep. (except s. 10) S. 10 rep. (prosp.) 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

c. 23 Prevention of Crimes Amendment Act 1876. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 24 Small Testate Estates (Scotland) Act 1876. S. 3 rep. in pt 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 35 Customs Tariff Act 1876 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 36 Customs Consolidation Act 1876. S. 42 am. 24, s. 12(2), sch. 2.

c. 57 Winter Assizes Act 1876 Rep. (E.) 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 59 Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876. Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 5(a).

c. 70 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1876. Ss. 42, 43 rep 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 77 40 & 41 Vict.: Cruelty to Animals Act 1876. S. 16 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 46 Winter Assizes Act 1877 Rep. (E.) 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 56 County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act 1877. Ss. 35, 36, 51, 52, 57, 58 rep. S.I. No. 875.

c. 57 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland) 1877. S.19 Pensions increase... S. 24 ext S. 60 rep. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 5(d). 62, s. 13(7). S.L No. 875.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 46 Duke of Connaught and of Stratheam (Establishment) Act 1878. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 47 Elders’ Widows’ Fund (India) Act 1878. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 50 County of Hertford Act 1878. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 52 Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878. S. 241 appl. (mod.) 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1 para. 4.

c. 73 Territorial Waters Jurisdiction Act 1878. S. 3 excl. (prosp.) 61, s. 10(6).

Effect of Legislation

lvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

41 &42 Vict.: —cont.

c. 76 Telegraph Act 1878 S. 7(l)-(8) appl. (mod.) (E.). appl. (mod.) (E.) (1.4.1972). 41, s. 61, sch. 9 paras. 5, 7. 78, s. 220(1 )(2).

c. 77 Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act 1878. S. 37 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 1 Spring Assizes Act 1879 Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 19 Habitual Drunkards Act 1879. S. 30 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 22 Prosecution of Offences Act 1879. S. 2 am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 13.

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction Act 1879. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 17 Revenue Offices (Scotland) Holidays Act 1880. Rep 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2 Pt. I.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 12 Customs and Inland Revenue Act 1881. S. 34 rep. in pt. 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 24 Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act 1881. S. 4 appl. 23, s. 13(8).

c. 25 Incumbents and Benefices Loans Extension Act 1881. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 41 Conveyancing Act 1881 S.9 ext 75, ss. 7, 14(1), sch. 2 para. 10(3).

c. 60 Newspaper Libel and Registration Act 1881. S. 16 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt IV.

c. 64... ... Central Criminal Court (Prisons) Act 1881. S. 2(5) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 14.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 26 Election of Representative Peers (Ireland) Act 1882. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 31 Inferior Courts Judgments Extension Act 1882. S. 4 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations Act 1882. Ss. 105 rep. in pt., 150 rep. (except as to rating areas at commencement of the Courts Act), 151 rep., 152(1), 153(1), 154(2), 158(1), 159(3) rep. in pt., 162-168, 175-177, 185 rep. S. 186 rep. Ss. 187 rep. in pt., 188, 189, 219(2), 225(7) rep., 234, 248(2) rep. in pt., 252, sch. 5 paras. 4, 6, sch. 6 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

lviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

45 &46 Vict.: cont.—

c. 61 Bills of Exchange Act 1882. S. 14(1) subst S. 92 definition of " nonbusiness days " am. 80, s. 3(2). 80, ss. 3(1), 4(4).

c. 72 Revenue, Friendly Societies and National Debt Act 1882. S. 24(c) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 3 Explosive Substances Act 1883. S. 2 ext 70, s. 2.

c. 18 Municipal Corporations Act 1883. S. 15(2X3) rep. in pt. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 47 Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies Act 1883. Rep. (prosp.y 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 42 Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Amendment Act 1884. Rep. (prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 24 Annuity, Princess Beatrice [1885]. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 27 Guardianship of Infants Act 1886. Rep. (E.) 3, s. 18(2), sch.2.

c. 50 Removal Terms (Scotland) Act 1886. S. 5 proviso added 28, s. 135(2), sch. 18 Pt. H.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 55 Sheriffs Act 1887 S. 9 rep S. 12 rep. Ss. 13,14(2X3), 19 rep. S. 26 rep. in pt. Ss. 29(3), 34(c) rep. inpt., 35 rep., 36(4) rep. in pt. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

c. 71 Coroners Act 1887 S. 5(2)(3) am Ss. 10(1) rep. in pt., 15 rep. Ss. 25,40(3) am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 15(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 15(2X3).

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41 Local Government Act 1888. S. 3 saved Ss. 3 paras, (iv) rep., (ix) (x) rep. in pt., 8 rep. S. 31 saved 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 1(3). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 1(3).

Effect of Legislation

lix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41—cont. Local Government Act Ss. 31 proviso, 32(3), 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1888—cont. 34(lXfl) rep. in pt., 35(5), 37 rep., 42(12), 46(5) rep. in pt., 64(1) (fl), 81, 83(4X9) rep.. 11 Pt IV.

100 definition of "court costs " rep. in pt.

c. 57 Statute Law Revision S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(No. 2) Act 1888. 11 Pt. II.

52 &53 Vict.:

c. 10 Commissioners for Oaths S. 1(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1889. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 12 Assizes Relief Act 1889 Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 26 Small Debt Amendment Rep. (prosp.) 58, ss. 35(2), 46

(Scotland) Act 1889. (2), sch. 2 Pt.

c. 47 Palatine Court of Durham Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1889. ii pt. n.

c. 50 ... Local Government (Scot- S. 37(2) rep. (prosp.) 58,s.46(2), sch. 2

land) Act 1889. Pt. I.

c. 63 Interpretation Act 1889 S. 13 paras. (4X5X14) rep. (E.). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 19 saved (E.) (1.4.1972) S. 26 appl. (mod.) (E.) 78, s. 204(4). 23, s. 31(4).

10, s. 25(2).

S. 26 appl. (mod.) -< 38, s. 29(3). 40, s. 38(3).

S. 28 am 58, s. 4(3).

excl 58, s. 4(3).

S. 33 saved (E.) 41, s. 37.

S. 36 excl S. 37 saved 25, s. 14(2). 10, s. 39(3).

saved (S.) saved (E.) (1.4.1972) 42, s. 4(4). 78, s. 294(5). 10, s. 39(6).

S. 38 saved ... < 12, s. 24(3). 29. s. 28(5). 62, s. 18(5).

S. 38 saved (prosp.) saved (E.) 60, s. 33(3). 3, s. 18(5).

saved (E.) (1.4.1972) 78, s. 293.

saved (S.) 28, s. 135(4).

S. 38(1) saved 19, s. 6(3).

S. 38(2) appl 75, s. 26(2).

appl. (prosp.) ... 75, s. 51(2)(c).

appl. (E.) (S.) 57, s. 8(4).

(prosp.).

saved (E.) 78, s. 86(5).

(prosp.).

c. 69 Public Bodies Corrupt Am 75, s. 62(2).

Practices Act 1889.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 23 Chancery of Lancaster Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1890. 11 Pt. H.

c. 33 Statute Law Revision Act S. 4 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1890. 11 Pt. II.

lx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

53 &54 Vict.: —cortt.

c. 37 Foreign Jurisdiction Act 1890. Sch. 1 am. 60, s. 25(2).

c. 39 Partnership Act 1890 ... S. 23(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. 11.

c. 51 Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act 1890. S. 2 rep. in pt *• 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II.

c. 59 Public Health Acts Amendment Act 1890. S. 7 am. (Crown Court) (E.). S. 7(1) rep. in pt. (E.) ... 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. S.I. No. 1292.

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 39 Stamp Act 1891 S. 4 ext S. 12 appl. (prosp.) Ss. 12(6)(6), 15(2)0/) rep in pt., 23, 56(4), 86-8 rep. S. 112 excl Sch. 1 rep. in pt. j 1 ). 9 r ! 68, s. 64(2). 75, s. 59(2). 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI. 11, s. 22(2). 68, ss. 64(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. VI. 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 40 Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) S. 42 am. (Crown Court 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

Act 1891. rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 64 Land Registry (Middlesex Deeds) Act 1891. Rep 54, s. 14(l)(fl), (2)(a), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 69 Penal Servitude Act 1891 Ss. 9 rep., 11 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 72 Coinage Act 1891 Rep 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

55 &56 Vict.:

c. 6 Colonial Probates Act 1892. S. 2(2)(6)(3) replaced (E.) 25, s. 11.

c. 19 Statute Law Revision Act 1892. S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. 11.

c. 64 Witnesses (Public Inquiries) Protection Act 1892. S. 3 am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 16.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 14 Statute Law Revision Act 1893. S. 2 rep. in pt • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II.

c. 54 Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act 1893. S. 2 rep. in pt • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. 11.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 30 Finance Act 1894 S. 6 excl. S. 16(3) am. (31.3.1971) Ss. 16(4), 23(7) rep. ... 68, s. 62(6). 68, s. 61(2). 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 51 Chimney Sweepers Act 1894. Rep • 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 56 Statute Law Revision Act 1894. S. 2 rep. in pt • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. 11.

Effect of Legislation

lxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

57 &58 Vict.:

cont.—

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Act S. 309(2) rep. in pt. ... 68, s. 69(7), sch.

1894. 14 Pt. VI.

S. 502 expld. (prosp.) ... 19, s. 6(4).

S. 503 excl. (prosp.) 59, s. 4(1).

S. 503(1 )(d)ext. 59, s. 15(2).

S. 682 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 729 appl. (mod.) 60, s. 18(3M5).

(prosp.).

58 &59 Vict.:

c. 10 Mr. Speaker’s Retirement Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Act 1895. peals).

1 r 11, s. 22(1).

72, s. 74(4).

c. 16 Finance Act 1895 S. 12 excl. ... - i 75, ss. 7, 14(1),

1 i sch. 2 para.

1 8(1).

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 8 Life Insurance Com- Ss. 3, 4 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

panies (Payment into 11 Pt. II.

Court) Act 1896.

c. 25 Friendly Societies Act Power to appl. (mod.) 66, s. 12(3).

1896. (N.I.).

S. 2(1) rep. in pt. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

S. 2(2)(c) rep 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 1, sch. 3.

S. 4(1) rep. in pt. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

S. 5 am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 2.

rep. in pt 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 2 sch. 3.

S. 8(1) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 3.

S. 10 am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 4.

S. 11(2) added 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 5.

S. 14(1) rep. in pt. 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 6, sch. 3.

S. 14(2) subst 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 6.

S. \l(\)(c)(d)replaced ... 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 7.

S. 18(1)(</) subst., (2) am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 8.

S. 18(2) rep. in pt. 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 8, sch. 3.

S. 24(3) added 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 9.

S. 31(3) added 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 34.

S. 33(c) rep 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. VI.

S. 34 rep. 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 10, sch.3.

S. 35(2) rep. in pt. 66, s. 14. sch. 2

para.35, sch. 3.

lxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

59 & 60 Vict Friendly Societies Act

c. 25—cont. 1896—cont. S. 35(3) added S. 45(3) added S. 46 am. S. 47(3) added S. 50 am. rep. inpt. S. 53 subst S. 54 am. S. 55(2) am S. 56(1)(3) am S. 57(1) am S. 58(2) am S. 61(1) am S. 68(3)(4) appl. S. 68(7) am S. 68(9) added S. 69(1) am rep. inpt. S. 70 rep. and superseded S. 71(1)(3) rep. in pt. ... S. 73(7) rep S. 74 rep. and superseded (saving). S. 75 mod. S. 76(1) rep. in pt. S. 76(5) ext S. 77 replaced S. 78(1 )(b)am S. 78(1)(6) rep. in pt., (c) rep. S.78(l)(rf)rep. inpt. ... S. 78(2) subst S. 79(6) am S. 80(3)(6)(7) am. S. 83 am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 35. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 36. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 37. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 38. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 11. 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para. 11, sch. 3. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 12. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 39. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 13. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 14. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 15. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 16. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 17. 66, s. 2(3). 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 18. 66,s.l4(l), sch. 2 para. 40. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 19. 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para.19, sch. 3. 66,ss.l,2,14(2), sch. 3. 66, ss. 3(1), 14(2), sch. 3. 66, ss. 3(2), 14(2), sch. 3. 66, ss. 4(3), 14(2), sch. 3. 66, s. 1(5). 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para.20,sch. 3. 66, s. 5(1). 66, s. 8, sch. 1. 66, s. 3(3). 66, ss. 3(3), 14(2), sch. 3. 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para.21,sch. 3. 66, s. 3(4). 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 22. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 23. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 24.

Effect of Legislation

lxiii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25—cont. Friendly Societies Act S. 84 ext. 66,s.7(4X5).

1896—cont. S. 84(c) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 25.

S. 84(c) appl S. 87(1X3) am., (3A>- 66,s.2(3). 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

(3Q added, (4) am. para. 26.

Ss. 88, 89 am 66,s. 11(2).

S. 90 am. 66, s. 11(3).

S. 91(1) rep. in pt. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 27.

S. 91(2) subst 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 27.

S. 91(4) added 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 41.

S. 92 am. 66, s.l4(l),sch. 2

para. 28.

S. 93(1) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Court) (E.). Pt. I.

S. 96(1) am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 29.

S. 96(2) Power to mod. 66,s.9(2).

S. 98(1X2) replaced, (3) 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

am. para. 30.

S. 99 am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

S. 102 rep. in pt. S. 106 definitions of— para. 31. 66,s.l4(2), sch. 3

" gazette * subst., " the 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

registrar ’* am. para. 32.

" property " am. \ S. 106(2) added... / 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 42.

Sch. 1 para. (2) am. ... para. 12 rep. in pt. 66, s. 10(1). 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para.33,sch. 3.

Sch. 2 Pt. Ill para. 2 am. 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

S. 18 appl. para. 43.

c. 28 Finance Act 1896 68, s. 62(6).

c. 31 Housing of the Working Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Classes Act 1890 Amendment (Scotland) Act 1896. peals).

c. 35 Judicial Trustees Act S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1896. 11 Pt. II.

60 & 61 Vict.

c. 11 Regular and Elders* Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Widows* Funds Act 1897. peals).

c. 30 Police (Property) Act 1897 Appl 48, s. 6(3).

c. 38 Public Health (Scotland) S. 107 appl 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

Act 1897. para. 2(2).

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 16 Canals Protection S. 5 rep. in pt S.I. No. 1292.

(London) Act 1898. am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

c. 36 Criminal Evidence Act S. 6(1) am. (prosp.) i 33, s. 49(3).

1898.

lxiv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

61 & 62 Vict.: —cont.

c. 57 Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1898. Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 17.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 19 Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act 1899. Sch. s. 17 expld. (E.) ... s. 19 rep. in pt. (E.) (S.). 41, s. 41(12). 48, ss. 11(8), 12 (6), sch. Pt. II.

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 27 Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents) Act 1900. S. 11(2) rep. (E.) 23. s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 55 Executors (Scotland) Act 1900. S. 6 am 25, s. 7 sch. 1 para. 2.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 21 Shop Clubs Act 1902 ... S. 3, sch. rep 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para. 44, sch. 3.

3 Edw. 7:

c. 1 Bank Holiday (Ireland) Act 1903. Rep 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2 Pt. II.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 20 Revenue Act 1906 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 32 Dogs Act 1906 S. 1(1)(2) rep. and superseded (E.). S. 1(3) rep 22, ss. 1,13(2Ku). 22, s. 13(2)(a).

c. 46 Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace Act 1906. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 47 Trade Disputes Act 1906 Rep. (prosp.) 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

c. 55 Public Trustee Act 1906 S. 11(4) rep. in pt. 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 51 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1907. S. 3 para, (i) rep. (prosp.) S.6 para, (i) added S. 7 am. (prosp.) Ss. 7 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 8 rep. (prosp.). Ss. 12, 13, 15, 16, 18, 19 rep. S.20 Pensions increase Ss. 21, 25, 26 rep. S. 28(1) proviso rep. (prosp.). S. 30 am. (prosp.) S. 31 am .(prosp.) S. 38 proviso added Ss. 42-48 rep. (prosp.) ... 58, ss. 35(1), 46 (2), sch. 2 Pt. II. 55, s. 2. 58, s. 31. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. II. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 8. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. II. 58, s. 39. 58, s. 40. 28, s. 135(2), sch. 18 Pt. II. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

lxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 Edw. 7:

c. 51—cont. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1907—cont. Sch. 1 rules 5 am., 15B added, rule 40 rep. S.I. No. 1214. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 pt. n.

c. 53 Public Health Acts Amendment Act 1907. S. 7 am. (Crown Court) (E.). S. 7(1) rep. in pt. (E.). 23.8. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. S.I. No. 1292.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 17 Cran Measures Act 1908 S. 9(6) am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 38 Irish Universities Act 1908. S. 16(8) rep. (saving) . • 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt.II.

c. 41 Assizes and Quarter Sessions Act 1908. Rep • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 49 Statute Law Revision Act 1908. S. 2 rep. in pt • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. H.

c. 65 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1908. S. 43(5) exc. (prosp.) ., • 38, s. 26(6).

9 Edw. 7: 1

c. 12 | Marine Insurance (Gambling Policies) Act 1909 S. 1 (7) am. (Crown Court) (E.). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 47 Development and Road Improvement Funds Act 1909. Pt. I (ss. 1-6), s. 18 Transfer of Functions. S.I. No. 1243.

10 Edw. 7 &1 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act 1910. S. 46 rep. S. 74 ext S. 96(2) rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 68, s. 64(2). 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 17 County Common Juries Act 1910. Rep • 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

c. 28 Civil List Act 1910 S. 7 Transfer of functions S.L No. 2099.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 6 Perjury Act 1911 S. 9(1) rep. in pt., (2) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 27 c. 28 Protection of Animals Act 1911. Official Secrets Act 1911 S. 14(1) am. (Crow Court) (E.). S. 2 ext J S. 3(c) ext. ... J n r 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 11, s. 17(6), sch. para. 2. 75, s. 61(1). 11, s. 17(6), sch. para. 3. 75, s. 61(2).

c. 49 Small Landholders (Scotland) Act 1911. S. 3(9) am • S.I. No. 2099.

c. 53 House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act 1911. Ss. 4, 5 am • 28, s. 135(2), sch. 18 Pt. II.

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1912. Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 17. R

lxvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 5: —cont.

c. 30 Trade Union Act 1913... S. 1(1) rep. (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.). S. 2(1) subst. (prosp.) ... S. 2(2)-(5) rep. (prosp.)... Ss. 3-6 am. (prosp.), 7 subst. (prosp.), sch. am. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

c. 31 Pilotage Act 1913 (prosp.). S. 35(2) rep. in pt. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

c. 32 Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913. S. 14(2) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 5 Superannuation (Ecclesiastical Commissioners and Queen Anne’s Bounty) Act 1914. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 12 Aliens Restriction Act 1914. Rep. (prosp.) 77, s. 34(1), sch. 6.

c. 58 Criminal Justice Administration Act 1914. S. 14 rep 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I.

c. 59 Bankruptcy Act 1914 ... S. 1 ext S. 140 rep. in pt. S. 148 rep. in pt. 32, s. 4(3). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

c. 70 Naval Billeting &c., Act 1914. Rep. (prosp.) 33, ss. 67(3), 77 (1), sch. 4 Pt. H.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 18 Injuries in War (Compensation) Act 1914 (Session 2). Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 36.

c. 62 Finance Act 1915 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 74 Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Act 1915. Pension increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 13.

c. 90 Indictments Act 1915 ... S. 2 am S. 2(3), sch. 1 para. 13(3) rep. Sch. 1 rep. and superseded. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 17. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. S.I. No. 1253.

c. 93 War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act 1915. S. 9(1) rep. in pt. 66, s. 14, sch. 2 para. 45 sch. 3.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act 1916. Ss. 2, 3 Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2), sch. 2 para. 39, sch. 3 paras. 1, 2. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 24 Finance Act 1916 S. 69(1) rep

c. 63 Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act 1916. S. 15(c) rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

Effect of Legislation

lxvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 55 Teachers (Superannua- Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

tion) Act 1918. sch. 2 para. 18.

c. 59 Termination of the S. 1(2) rep . 52, S.L. (Re-

Present War (Definition) Act 1918. peals).

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 19 Local Government (Ire- S. 8 rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

land) Act 1919. Pt. n.

c. 69 Industrial Courts Act S. 1 am. , # 72, s. 124(1).

1919. Ss. 1-3, 7, 9 am. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

c. 71 Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919. S. 1 rep. in pt 23, ss. 35(7), 56 (4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 77, s. 34(1), sch.

c. 92 Aliens Restriction Ss. 1, 2(1) rep.

(Amendment) Act 1919. 6.

Ss. 2(2), 7 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

Ss. 13(3), 14(1) rep. 77, s. 34(1), sch.

(prosp.). 6.

Ss. 14(2), 15, 16(2) rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 100 Electricity (Supply) Act S. 31 rep. (prosp.) 72, ss. 133, 169,

1919. sch. 9.

10 & 11 Geo. 5:

c. 3 Coinage Act 1920 Rep 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

c. 17 Increase of Rent and Rep , 28, s. 135(5), sch.

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920. 20.

c. 36 Pensions (Increase) Act Rep. (saving) ... 56, s. 18(1), sch.

1920. 7.

c. 67 Government of Ireland r 23, s. 58.

Act 1920. 32, s. 28.

Ext 53, s. 9. 66, s. 12(5). 72, s. 165(1). 73, s. 10(1).

Ext .(prosp.) 40, s. 42.

S. 4 mod - 25, s. 13. 11 ss. 17(7), 18

(3).

29, s. 22(4), sch. 1 para. 4(3).

S. 6 mod. ... « 38, s. 38(3). 68 s. 63(3).

72; s. 165(4). 75, s. 65(2).

80, s. 5(2).

S. 9(4) rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

pt. n.

S. 22(2) ext 29, s. 21(4).

S. 28(5) rep 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2

Pt. I.

Ss. 54, 55, 57-59 rep. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

(saving), 68(1) rep. in pt. (saving), (2), sch. 8 pt. n.

rep. (saving).

Sch. 8 Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 19(2), I sch. 2 para. 30.

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10&11 Geo. 5:

—com.

c. 81 Administration of Justice S. 3(2) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1920. 11 Pt.IV.

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 31 Police Pensions Act 1921 Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 15(5)

(7), sch. 2 para. 46.

c. 32 Finance Act 1921 S 65(1) rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act S. 4(1) appl 8, s. 3(a).

1921.

12 & 13 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Juries Act 1922 S. 1(5) am 23, s. 40(7), sch. 4

para. 1(2).

S. 1(8) am 23, s. 40(7), sch. 4 para. 1(3).

S. 1(11) am 23,s.40(7), sch. 4

para. 1(4).

Ss. 3-5 rep S.6(lX<0am S. 7 definitions of— 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 40(7), sch. 4 para. 1(5).

"appropriate officer" added 23, s. 40(7), sch. 4 para. 1(6).

"sheriff" rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. I.

S. 8(2X6) excl 23, s. 33(3).

am 23, s. 40(7), sch. 4

para. 1(7).

rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. I.

c. 16 Law of Property Act 1922 S. 188(6) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii Pt. n.

c. 50 Expiring Laws Act 1922 Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 55 Constabulary (Ireland) Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 19

Act 1922. (2)(a), sch. 2 para. 32.

13 Geo. 5:

c. 2 Irish Free State (Conse- Sch. 1 para. 7(2) rep. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

quential Provisions) Act 1922 (Session 2). (saving). pt. n.

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Industrial Assurance Act S. 8(2Xa) am 66, s. 10(2).

1923. S. 8(2X6) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

S. 17 rep. in pt. para. 46. 66, ss. 5(5), 14(2),

sch. 3.

S. 36(1) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 47.

S. 36(1) para, (i) rep. ... 66, s. 14, sch. 2

para. 47 sch. 3.

S. 36(2) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2

para. 47.

rep. in pt. 66, s. 14(2), sch. 3.

L-

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

13 & 14 Geo. 5: —cont.

c. 11 Special Constables Act 1923. S. 3 ext • 11, s. 17(6), sch. para. 4(1).

c. 13 Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act 1923. Rep • 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 16 Salmon and Freshwater S. 9(2) subst 48, s. 11(5). 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I.

Fisheries Act 1923. S. 10 rep.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1923. Rep * * 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

c. 16 Small Debt (Scotland) Act 1924. S. 1 rep. in pt. 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. n.

c. 17 County Courts Act 1924 Ss. 3, 5,11(2) rep. 23i f pt^iY*SCh" 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 18 Prevention of Eviction Act 1924. Rep

c. 22 Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1924. Rep. {prosp.) 19, s. 6(3Xa).

c. 27 Conveyancing (Scotland) Act 1924. S. 5(2X6) am 25, s. 7, sch. 1 para. 3.

c. 32 Pensions (Increase) Act 1924. Rep. (saving) ... 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 18 Settled Land Act 1925 ... Ss. 71, 73 ext. (1.4.1972) S. 113(2) rep Sch. 3 Pt. next. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 275(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n. 78, s. 275(2).

c. 19 Trustee Act 1925 S. 25(1H8) replaced as 25(1H5). S. 25(9X10) now (6X7), 25(11) replaced as 25(8). S. 29 rep S. 67 rep. in pt 27, s. 9(2). 27, s. 9(3). 27, s. 11(2), sch. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n.

c. 20 Law of Property Act 1925. S. 28 ext. (1.4.1972) . S. 64 ext « S. 74(3X4) mod. S. 97 am. S. 115 ext S. 115(5X9) rep. in pi S. 115(9) rep. in pt. Ss. 123, 124 rep. S. 125(1) rep r t. 78, s. 275(1). 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix A para. 18. 75, ss. 7, 14(1), sch. 2 para. 10(3). 27, s. 7(2). 54, s. 9(2). 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 12. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI. 66, s. 14(2), sch. 3. 27, s. 11(2), sch. 2. 27, ss. 2, 11(2), sch. 2.

R 3

lxx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 20—cont. Law of Property Act S. 125(2) am 27, s. 11(3).

1925—cont. Ss. 126-128 rep. S. 129 rep 27, s. 11(2), sch. 27,'ss. 8, 11(2),

sch. 2.

S. 203(3) rep. in pt. 23i s.p56(4), sch.

c. 21 Land Registration Act Saved 41, s. 48(5).

1925. Power to mod 54, s. 4(1).

S. 3(ii) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. n.

S. 75 ext 54, s. 2(1).

Ss. 75,83 am. (Indemnity 54, s. 1(1).

payable out of Public Funds).

S. 75(4) rep 54, s. 14(1X6),

(2Xfl), sch. 2 Pt. I.

S. 83 ext S. 83(5)(a) subst. S. 83(5Xc) excl S. 83(7) rep 54, s. 2(1). 54, s. 3(1). 54, s. 2(2). 54, ss. 2(4), 14(2)

(6), sch. 2 Pt. H.

S. 83(8) subst 54,s.2(4).

S.85(lM4)rep 54, ss. 1(2), 14(2)

(b), sch. 2 Pt. U.

S. 85(5) rep. (2.10.1972) 54, s. 14(2X6),

sch. 2 Pt. II.

S. 126(1) am 54, s. 12.

S. 131 excl 54, s. 2(2).

ext. 54, s. 4(4).

Ss. 138(1), 143(3) rep. in 23, s. 56(4), sch.

pt. 11 Pt. II.

c. 22* Land Charges Act 1925... Power to mod 54, s. 12.

S. 1 ext S. 1(2) subst Ss. 2(7),4(3), 6(6) rep. ... 54, s. 6(1). 54, s. 5(1). 54, s. 14(1 Xc), (2)

(a), sch. 2 Pt. I.

S. 15 saved 54, s. 10.

S. 15 ext. 41, ss. 38(2X11),

81(2).

ext. (prosp.) 41, s. 18(4).

S. 15(6) ext 75, s. 16(3).

ext. (1.4.1972) ... 78, ss. 54(6), 158

(5).

Pt. VIII (ss. 16, 17) Re- 54, s. 11 sch. 1.

printed as am.

S. 16 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 54, ss. 5(2), 14(2)

(6), sch. 2 Pt. II.

S. 16 nows. 16(1 54, s. 5(3).

(2) added (prosp.). Ss. 16, 17 saved (agricul- 54, s. 10.

tural charges). S. 17(1) am. (prosp.) ... 54, s. 5(4).

S. 17(2) replaced (prosp.) 54, s. 5(5).

Effect of Legislation

lxxi

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 22—cont. Land Charges Act 1925

—cont. S. 17(4) rep. (prosp.) ... 54, ss. 5(6), 14(2)

(b), sch. 2 Pt.

S. 17(5A) added (prosp.) Ss. 17(6), 18 rep. 54, s'. 5(7). 54, s. 140Xc), (2) (a), sch. 2 Pt. I. 54, s. 8.

S. 19(1) am

S. 20(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n.

S. 23A added 54, s. 9(1).

c. 23 Administration of Estates S. 7 excl 25, s. 1(3).

Act 1925. S. 25 subst 25, s. 9.

S. 25(aX6) appl 25, s. 11(2).

S. 25(c) excl S. 34(2) rep 25, s. 1(5). 25, ss. 10, 12(2)

(6), sch. 2 Pt. n.

S. 55(lxiv)rep.inpt. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. n.

c. 24 Universities and College Ss. 26, 30 ext. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 275(1).

c. 28 Estates Act 1925. Administration of Justice 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 19 rep

c. 29 Act 1925. 11 Pt. IV.

Gold Standard Act 1925 S. 1(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt. 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage In- Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

terest (Restrictions Continuation) Act 20.

c. 38 1925.

Performing Animals S.2(2)rep.inpt.(E.) ... S.I. No. 1292.

(Regulation) Act 1925. am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch.

c. 45 Court) (E.). 9 Pt. I.

Guardianship of Infants Rep (E.) 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2.

c. 49 Act 1925. Supreme Court of Judica- 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 3(1) rep. in pt.

ture (Consolidation) 11 Pt. IV.

Act 1925. S. 9 ext 23, s. 24(1).

S. 14 Pensions increase... S. 17 appl 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 5(b). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 18(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11

Ss. 18(2X«Xvii), 25 rep.

Pt. IV.

S. 27 ext . ext. (1.4.1972) ... S. 28 rep. 62, s. 13(2). 78, s. 246(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii Pt. n.

S. 49 appl. (prosp.) 38, s. 16(1), sch.

S. 52 rep. 3 para. 5(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

S. 53 am. 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 18(2).

S. 63(1) Power to restr 62, s. 13(4).

Power to restr. 78, ss. 246(4), 247

(1.4.1972). Ss. 70-83 rep (5). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

R 4

lxxii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

IS & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 49—cont. Supreme Court of Judica-

ture (Consolidation) S. 84(1) am 23, s. 56(1), sch.

Act 1925—cont. 8 para. 18(3). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 98(1) rep in pt.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 99 am. (prosp.) am. (1.4.1972) ... 72, s. 130(1). 78, ss. 246(3X4),

247(1X4H6). 23, s. 10(4). 23, s. 56(1), sch.

S. 99(1 Xb) appl S. 99(2) excl

8 para. 18(4).

Ss. 104(2), 105(2), 106, 23, s. 56(4), sch.

109, 109A, 111-114, 11 Pt. IV.

115(3), 116(4) rep. S. 118(1) am. 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 18(5).

Ss. 118(2), 119(1)rep. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 122 am Ss. 123, 125 rep. 23, s. 26(3). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 128A(2X3) am. Ss. 130-132, rep. 23, s. 26(4). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 167 subst 25, s. 8.

appl 25, s. 11(3).

Ss. 168, 169 rep., 174(2) 25, s. 12(1), sch.

rep. in pt. 2 Pt. I.

S. 201 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 209 rep. in pt.

11 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(1), sch.

S. 210(1) am

8 para. 18(6). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 213(1) rep. in pt.

11 Pt. IV. 27, ss. 2, 11(2),

S. 219(1) rep

sch. 2.

S. 219(2) am 27, s. 11(3).

S. 225 definitions of 23, s. 56(4), sch.

" clerk of assize ", "commission of assize ", " county ", " spring assizes ", "winter assizes" rep. schs. 1,3 Pt. 1,4 rep. in pt. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 50 Theatrical Employers S. 6(1) am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Registration Act 1925. (E.) Pt. I.

rep. in pt. (E.). S.I. No. 1292.

c. 59 Teachers (Superannua- S. 14(3) (6) Pensions in- 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

tion) Act 1925. crease. 7(2), sch. 2

paras. 18, 56, sch. 3 para. 1.

c. 71 Public Health Act 1925 S. 19(2) rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

c. 86 Criminal Justice Act 1925 Ss. 11(1X2X4), 14, 20, 23 23, s. 56(4), sch.

rep. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 33(3) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 19.

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 86—cont. Criminal Justice Act 1925 Ss. 41(2X6) rep. in pt.. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

—cont. 49(2) definition of "quarter sessions" rep. 11 Pt. IV.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Law of Property (Amendment) Act 1926. Criminal Appeal (Scot- S. 4(2) am 54, s. 7.

c. 15 S. 12(4) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

land) Act 1926. peals).

c. 16 Execution of Diligence S. 2(1) am. iprosp.) 58, s. 46(1), sch. 1

(Scotland) Act 1926. para. 2(1)(2). 58, s. 46, sch. 1

S. 5 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

^ara.2(3),sch.

c. 43 Public Health (Smoke S. 12(2) rep. in pt. 52, S.L.' (Re-

Abatement) Act 1926. peals).

c. 59 Coroners (Amendment) S. 6 Pensions increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Act 1926. S. 25(2) ext para. 61. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 20.

rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 10 Finance Act 1927 S. 57(1) rep 52, S. L. (Re-

peals).

c. 21 Moneylenders Act 1927 S. 2(7) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch.

Court). (E.) 9 Pt. I.

rep. in pt. (E.) S.I. No. 1292.

c. 35 Sheriff Courts and Legal S. 8(1) am 58, s. 20.

Officers (Scotland) Act S. 14 rep. 58, s. 46(2), sch.

1927. 2 Pt. I.

c. 42 Statute Law Revision Act S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1927. 11 Pt. II.

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Currency and Bank Notes S. 3(2) am 24, s. 12(1X2),

Act 1928. sch. 2.

c. 15 Bankers (Northern S. 3 am. 24, s. 12(2), sch.

Ireland) Act 1928. 2.

c. 21 Dogs (Amendment) Act S. 1(1) rep. in pt. (E.) ... 22, s. 13(2X6).

1928.

c. 26 Administration of Justice Ss. 3,4 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1928. 11 Pt. IV. 25, s. 12(1), sch.

S. 10 rep.

2 Pt. I.

S. 16 rep. (E.) 3, s. 18(2) sch. 2.

S. 14(1) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56 (4),sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 32 Petroleum (Consolida- S. 2(4X6) rep. in pt. ... 48, ss. 11(8), 12

tion) Act 1928. (6), sch. Pt. II.

S. 14(a) am 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 21.

c. 43 Agricultural Credits Act S. 9 Power to mod. 54, s. 12.

1928.

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Local Government Act S. 79(1) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1929. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 37 Police Magistrates Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

(Superannuation) (Amendment) Act para. 13.

1929.

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 25 Third Parties (Rights Excl. (prosp.) 59, s. 12(5).

against Insurers) Act

c. 44 Land Drainage Act 1930 S. 30 am. (Crown Court) S. 30(4) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 61(1) para, (h) added... 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 1.

c. 51 Reservoirs (Safety Pro- S. 5(1) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

visions) Act 1930. 11 Pt. IV.

am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. II.

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 28 Finance Act 1931 S. 1(2) rep 52, S.L. (Repeals). 78. s. 291, sch. 23 Pt. II. 52, S.L. (Re-

S. 28(6) am. (1.4.1972)... S. 44(1) rep

peals).

Sch. 2 para, (viii) am. 78, s. 291, sch. 23

(1.4.1972). Pt. II.

c. 45 Local Government Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(Clerks) Act 1931. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 46 Gold Standard (Amend- S. 1(1) rep. in pt. 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

ment) Act 1931.

c. 48 National Economy Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1931. peals).

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Northern Ireland (Mis- S. 2 rep 25, s. 12(1), sch.

cellaneous Provisions) Act 1932. 2 Pt. I.

c. 25 Finance Act 1932 S. 29 Pensions increase... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

para. 34.

c. 38 Small Debt (Scotland) Rep. {prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2

Act 1932. Pt. II.

c. 46 Children and Young S. 79 rep 3, s. 18(2) sch. 2.

Persons Act 1932.

c. 55 Administration of Justice S. 5 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Act 1932. peals).

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 10 Russian Goods (Import Prohibition) Act 1933. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 12 Children and Young S. 55(5) am 23, s. 56(1)(2),

Persons Act 1933. sch. 8 para. 22, sch. 9 Pt. I.

S. 56(2X6) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S, 102 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

lxxv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Geo. S:

—cortt.

c. 13 Foreign Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Pt. I (ss. 1-7) appl. in pt. (prosp.) S. 11(1) definition of 59, s. 13(3).

Act 1933. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

"Judgments given in 11 Pt. II.

the superior courts of the United Kingdom "

rep. in pt.

c. 14 London Passenger Trans- S. 80(9M11) Pensions 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

port Act 1933. increase. para. 67.

c. 19 Finance Act 1933 S. 46 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 25 Pharmacy and Poisons S. 21(2) rep. in pt. (E.)... pc&isj. S.I. No. 1292.

Act 1933. am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Court) (E.) Pt. I.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act 1933. 20.

c. 36 Administration of Justice Ss. 1 rep., 2(1) rep. in pt.. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(Miscellaneous Provi- (4X5) rep., (6) rep. in 11 Pt. IV.

sions) Act 1933. pt., sch. 2 para. 2 rep.

c. 38 Summary Jurisdiction Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(Appeals) Act 1933. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 41 Administration of Justice Ss. 31(2M5), 32 rep. ... 58,s.46(2), sch. 2

(Scotland) Act 1933. Pt.I.

S. 34 rep. (saving) 58, ss. 32(4), 46(2), sch. 2

Pt. I.

S. 35 rep. 58, ss. 33(6),

46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 47 Superannuation (Ecclesi- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

astical Commissioners and Queen Anne’s peals).

c. 51 Bounty Act) 1933. Local Government Act S. 57 am. 7, s. 1.

1933. Ss. 59(3) rep., 98 rep. in pt., 100(2) rep., (3) (4) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

rep. in pt. S. 101 saved 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 1(3).

S. 148(1X<0 rep. in pt.... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 163 exd. (1.4.1972) ... S. 163(1) excl. (1.4.1972) S. 163(2) ext. (1.4.1972) Ss. 164, 165 excl. 78, s. 121(3). 78, s. 122(5). 78, s. 122(4). 78, s. 123(9).

(1.4.1972).

S. 166 ext. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 123(8).

S. 197 appl 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1

para. 1.

S. 197(2) ext 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1

para. 2(1).

S. 207 appl. (mod.) 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1

S. 242(1) am. para. 2(2). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 1(3).

Ss. 242(2) rep., 275 (3) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

rep. in pt. 11 Pt. IV.

Ixxvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

23 &24 Geo. 5:

c. 51—cont. Local Government Act S. 289 rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

1933—cont. Pt.I.

S. 290(2X3) appl. (prosp.) 78, s. 13(1X«).

S. 290(2H5) appl. (mod.) 78, s. 215(4).

(1.4.1972).

S. 290(2)-(5) appl. (1.4.1972). 78, ss. 49(6), 282

(2), sch. 9 para. 5(3).

S. 290(5) appl. (1.4.1972) S. 293 saved (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 110(1): 78, s. 1(6), sch. 1

para. 3(a).

24 & 25 Geo. 5:

c. 53 County Courts Act 1934 S. 9 Pensions increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Ss. 9, 29, sch. 1 Pt. I rep. para. 7. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Increase of Rent and Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1935. 20.

c. 23 Superannuation Act 1935 S. 18(2) rep. (saving) ... 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

Pt. II.

c. 46 Money Payments (Justices Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Procedure) Act 1935. peals).

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8: c.2 Government of India Act Ss. 274 rep. in pt., 284 52, S.L. (Re-

1935. rep.

c. 15 Civil List Act 1936 S.8 Transfer of functions S.LN^’2099.

c. 16 Coinage Offences Act Am 24, s. 12(1X2),

1936. sch. 2.

c. 20 Electricity Supply Ss. 1(1) rep. in pt., (2), 3, 52, S.L. (Re-

(Meters) Act 1936. 4(1) definition of " The appointed day " rep. peals).

c. 26 Land Registration Act S. 2 rep 54, s. 14(1X<0,

1936. (2Xa), sch. 2 Pt. I.

S. 3 rep 54, s. 14(2Xa),

sch. 2 Pt. I.

Ss. 4-6, 8 rep 54, s. 14(2

sch. 2 Pt. n.

c. 44 Air Navigation Act 1936 S. 24(1X3) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 49 Public Health Act 1936 S. 39 appl. (mod.) 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 2(1).

S. 59(1) excl. {prosp.) ... 40, s. 30(1).

S. 59(2H4) excl. (prosp.) 40, s. 30(3).

S. 60 excl. (prosp.) S. 62 appl. (prosp.) 40, s. 30GX3). 40, s. 11(2).

S. 71 appl. (mod.) 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 2(1).

S. 82(4X5) appl. (prosp.) 40, s. 11(3).

S. 87 saved 41, s. 28(1).

S. 88 saved 41, ss. 26(8), 28

(4).

S. 143 appl. (mod.) 75, s. 32(5).

Effect of Legislation

lxxvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 A

1 Edw. 8: Public Health Act 1936 S. 276 appl. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 108(2).

— —cont. Ss. 276, 289 Power to appl. (mod.) (1.4.1972). S.290(2)-(7) appl. (mod.) 78, s. 91(4).

41, s. 35(7).

Ss. 292, 294 Power to 78, s. 91(4).

appl. (mod.) (1.4.1972).

Ss. 300-302 appl. (mod.) 41, s. 35(8).

S. 301 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

Ss. 330, 333 appl. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 2(2).

S. 341 ext. (prosp.) 40, s. 40(7).

1 Edw. 8 A

1 Geo. 6: c. 32 Civil List Act 1937 S. 11 Transfer of functions S.I. No. 2099.

c. 35 Statutory Salaries Act Residue rep S.I. No. 2099.

1937.

c. 68 Local Government Super- S. 12(3) Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

annuation Act 1937. sch. 2 para. 39, sch. 3 paras. 1,2.

S. 19 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 40 Pensions increase... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

sch. 2 para. 60, sch. 3 paras. 1,2.

Sch. 2 Pt. II rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 69 Local Government Super- S. 12(3) Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

annuation (Scotland) Act 1937. sch. 2 para. 39, sch. 3 paras.

1,2.

S. 34 Pensions increase 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

sch. 2 para. 60, sch. 3 paras. 1,2.

Sch. 1 Pt. I expld. 28, s. 37(4).

1 A 2 Geo. 6:

c. 21 Dogs Amendment Act S. 1(1) am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

1938. Pt. I.

c. 22 Trade Marks Act 1938 S. 39(12) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

c. 26 Increase of Rent and Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1938. 20.

c. 31 Scottish Land Court Act S. 1(3) rep 56, s. 18(5), sch.

1938. 8 Pt. I.

c. 44 Road Haulage Wages Act S. 15(1) definition of 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

1938. "Trade Union" subst.

c. 45 Inheritance (Family S. 5(1) definition of " the 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Provision) Act 1938. court " rep. in pt. 11 Pt. II.

c. 63 Administration of Justice Ss. 1-5 rep., 8 rep. in pt.. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1938. 11 rep. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 15 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 63—cont. Administration of Justice

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1938—cont. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 67 Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1938. S. 2(2X3) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 21 Limitation Act 1939 ... Appl S. 2(1) restr 22, s. 10. 43, s. 2(1), sch. 1 Pt. I. S.I. No. 1159.

c. 34 Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939. Sch. 1 subst

c. 38 Ministry of Supply Act S. 2(2X3) am S.I. No. 719.

1939. S. 19 definition of "articles required for the public service " para, (i) am. Sch. Pt. II rep. in pt. ... 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 1. 48, ss. 11(8), 12 (6), sch. Pt. III.

c. 44 House to House Collections Act 1939. Excl 57, s. 3(5).

c. 49 House of Commons Members’ Fund Act 1939. Sch. 1 paras. 1, 2 subst., 2A am. S.I. No. 770.

c. 70 Ships and Aircraft Title, ss. 4OX&X0 rep. in 52, S.L. (Re-

(Transfer Restriction) Act 1939. pt. (2) rep., 6(4), 8(1), 9(1), 10 rep. in pt., ll(lXe), 12 definition of " aircraft " rep. peals).

c. 71 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939. Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 94 Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act 1939. S. 3 Pensions increase ... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2), sch. 2 para. 39, sch. 3 paras. 1,

c. 96 Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act 1939. Pensions increase 56,‘ss. 4(4), 5(1), sch. 2 para. 19.

c. 98 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1939. Rep 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 112 Education (Emergency) (Scotland) Act 1939. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 119 Chartered and Other bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act 1939. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 16 Special Enactments (Extension of Time) Act 1940. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 28 Evidence and Powers of S. 4 saved 27, s. 3(4).

Attorney Act 1940. ext 27, s. 3(5).

c. 29 Finance Act 1940 S. 55 ext 68, s. 62(2Xa).

c. 42 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) S. 1(4) rep. (prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

(Scotland) Act 1940. S. 6(1) am 25, s. 7, sch. 1 para. 4.

Effect of Legislation

lxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Geo. 6: —cont.

c. 55 Securities (Validation) Act 1940. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 19 Chartered and Other bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act 1941. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 24 Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act 1941. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 21 Finance Act 1942 Ss. 10 (1), 49(2) rep. ... 52, S.L. (Repeals).

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 2 Supreme Court (Northern Ireland) Act 1942. S. 1(1 )(2) rep S.I. No. 875.

c. 21 War Damage Act 1943 ... S. 25 Power to appl. (mod.) (E.) (1.4.1972). 78, s. 162(2).

c. 28 Finance Act 1943 S. 31(2) rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 44 Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act 1943. Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 21 Pensions (Increase) Act 1944. Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch.

c. 23 Finance Act 1944 S. 49(2) rep 52, ‘ S.L. (Repeals).

c. 26 Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act 1944. S. 1(5) subst. (E.) 49, s. 1.

c. 31 Education Act 1944 ... S. 49 am. S. 78(2)(a) restr. 74, s. 1(1X2). 74, s. 1(3).

c. 40 Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act 1944. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 16 Limitation (Enemies and War Prisoners) Act 1945. S. 2(1) am 44, s. 7(2).

c. 28 Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945. Appl. (mod.) Appl. (E.) 59, s. 1(5). 22, s. 10.

c. 29 Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) (Scotland) Act 1945. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 31 Emergency Powers (Defence) Act 1945. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 33 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945. S. 19 ext. (" operational land "). Ss. 23-26 ext Ss. 24-26 ext. (" the appropriate Minister ")• S. 27 ext Sch. 4 ext. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 7(a). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(a). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(a). 75, s. 14(9X<0. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(a).

lxxx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 42 Water Act 1945 Sch. 3 para. 90 am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

para. 93 appl. 75, s. 18(1), sch.

(mod.). 5 para. 4(1).

c. 43 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act 1945. Ss. 1-14, 26-31 (except 52, S.L. (Re-

S. 28(lX3)(a)), 35, 51, peals).

56, 60(5M8X13), 61(2)

(3X5) rep.

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 13 Finance (No. 2) Act 1945 S. 60 Pensions increase... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

para. 34.

S. 62(2) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 15 Public Health (Scotland) S. 1 appl. (mod.) 75, s. 32(6).

Act 1945.

c. 17 Police (Overseas Service) Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Act 1945. para. 14.

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Tran- Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

sitional Provisions) Act 1946. peals).

c. 35 Building Restrictions S. 7(1X5) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

War-Time Contraventions) Act 1946. 23 Pt. II.

c. 36 Statutory Instruments Act 1946. Mod. (S ) 58, s. 12(3)(6).

Appl 66, s. 13(3).

S. 6 excl. 29, s. 26(4).

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act Sch. 4 s. 45 appl. (mod.) 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

1946. para. 4(1). 23, s.29(4), sch. 3

c. 49 Acquisition of Land ! r

(Authorisation Pro- Appl. (mod.) ... < 1 para. 3.

cedure) Act 1946. \ L 41, s. 47(6).

Appl. (retrosp.)... •< r 41, s. 45(2)(3). 75, s. 14(2).

Appl. (retrosp.) (1.4.1972) i 78, ss. 112(4), 114(5), 218(2).

Appl. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 113.

Saved (1.4.1972) 78, s. 274(1).

Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 5(6).

S. 1(1X6) am 41, s. 45(3)

S. 3 saved (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 209(5).

S. 3(2) am. (London) (1.4. 78, s. 5, sch. 3

1972). para. 8.

Sch. 1 mod. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 132(1H3).

excl. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 229(1).

para. 3(1X6) mod. 78, s. 117(3).

(1.4.1972).

Pt. Ill appl. (mod.) 41, s. 47(7), sch. 6

Pt. I.

para. 11 appl. (1.4. 78, s. 121(2).

1972).

para. 11(1X6) am. 41, s. 56.

c. 59 Coal Industry National- S. 3 saved 16, s. 7(8).

isation Act 1946. S. 3(4) appl 16, s. 7(7).

S. 27 ext 16, s. 9(2).

S. 27(4) am 16, s. 4(2).

S. 31(1) Power to am. ... 16, s. 8(1).

S. 31(2H4) appl. 16, s. 8(2).

Effect of Legislation

lxxxi

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 64 Finance Act 1946 Ss. 9(3), 11 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

S. 52 excl 75, ss. 7, 14(1),

sch. 2 para. 8(1).

S. 62 Pensions increase... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

para. 34.

S. 67(2) rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 67 National Insurance Act S. 6 Pensions increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

1946. para. 24.

c. 74 Coinage Act 1946 Rep 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

c. 78 Supreme Court of Judica- Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ture (Circuit Officers) Act 1946. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 79 Public Notaries (War Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Service of Articled Clerks) Act 1946. peals).

c. 81 National Health Service Ss. 6, 67, 68 Pensions 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Act 1946. increase. para. 22.

S. 11(9) Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

para. 23(a).

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 7 Pensions (Increase) Act Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch.

1947. 7.

c. 14 Exchange Control Act Sch. 1 para. 2A added... S.I. No. 1406.

1947. para. 24A added S. 1(1) para, (c) and S.I. No. 1556.

c. 24 Naval Forces (Enforce- 33, ss. 61(2), 77

ment of Maintenance proviso rep. (prosp.)... (1), sch. 4 Pt.

Liabilities) Act 1947. n.

c. 27 National Health Service S. 6 Pensions increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

(Scotland) Act 1947. S. 7(3) rep para. 22. 8, s. 13(lXfl).

S. 8 rep. {prosp.) 8, s. 13(1X6).

S. ll(10Xii)rep 8, s. 13(lXa).

Ss. 66, 67 Pensions in- 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

crease. para. 22.

c. 39 Statistics of Trade Act Sch. 2 rep S. 17(3) subst E:is-W

1947.

c. 40 Industrial Organisation S. 1(2) am S.I. No. 719.

and Development Act 1947.

c. 41 Fire Services Act 1947 ... S. 24 am. {prosp.) 40, s. 29.

S. 26 Pensions increase... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

sch. 2 paras. 16, 44, sch. 3 para. 1.

S. 33(1) am. (prosp.) ... 40, s. 29.

c. 42 Acquisition of Land Appl. (retrosp.) 75, s. 14(9)(a).

(Authorisation Pro- Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

cedure) (Scotland) Act para. 5(c).

1947. Ext. ("the appropriate 75, s.l 8(1), sch. 5

Minister "). Sch. 2 para. 3 excl. para. 6(6). 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix B, para. 1.

para. 4 excl. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix B, para. 3.

lxxxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6: —cont.

c. 43 Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947. S. 50 am. S. 261 appl S. 268 appl. (mod.) S. 349 appl 7, s. 1. 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1 para. 1. 29, s. 22(4), sch. 1 para. 3. 28, s. 66(1).

c. 44 Crown Proceedings Act 1947. S. 20(2) proviso ( ) rep. (N.I.). S. 38(3) ext. (E.) ext. (prosp.) ... S.I. No. 875. 22, s. 12(2). 61, s. 11(6).

c. 53 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947. Ss. 10,17 ext S. 22 (2X4X5) rep. in pt. S. 32 ext. (" operational land ")• S. 32(1X2X4) ext. S. 42 ext. ("the appropriate Minister "). Ss. 42(4X5), 94 ext. ... S. 99 ext. ("the appropriate Minister ") S. 99(9) ext S. 111(2X3) am. Sch. 5 ext. Sch. 5 ext. (" the appropriate Minister "). ext. (" operational land "). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(d). 52, S.L. (Repeals). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 7 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(d). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(c). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(d). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(c). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(d). 75, s. 14(9Xc). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(d). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(c). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 1(b).

c. 54 Electricity Act 1947 S. 52 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 9 Finance (No. 2) Act 1947 S. 9(2) rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 10 ... Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1947. Sch. 2 para. 1(2) ext. ... 11, s. 17(6), sch. para. 7.

c. 17 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act 1948. S. l(lX2Xfl)rep. S. 4 ext S. 19(6) rep., sch. paras. 1 rep. in pt., 2-5, 8 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(c). 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 24 Police Pensions Act 1948 Pensions increase S. 1 am S. 3 end S. 5(1) am. (Crown Court) S. 5(2X3) rep Sch. 1 paras. 15, 20 rep. (saving). 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 paras. 15,43 (a) 56, s. 14. 56, s. 14(1). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6: —cont. c. 26 Local Government Act S. 47 Pensions increase ... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(1),

c. 31 1948. Cotton Spinning (Re- S. 132 mod S. 140(1X3) rep. inpt. ... Rep. (except so far as sch. 2 para. 62, sch. 3 paras. 1, 2. 37, s. 1. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt. I. 52, S.L. (Re-

equipment Subsidy) applied by S.2(6) of the peals).

c. 33 Act 1948. Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948. Companies Act 1948 ... Cotton Industry Act 1959). S. 3 Pensions Increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

c. 38 S. 13 residue rep. S. 89 saved (S.) para. 25. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 8 Pt. I. 45, s. 2. 72, s. 90(4). 23, s. 56(4), sch. ii Pt. n. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II. 72, s. 156(2). S.I. No. 1044. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

c. 39 Industrial Assurance and Ss. 218-277 appl. S. 218(2) rep S. 270(9) rep. in pt. S. 339(1) rep. in pt. S. 365(4) rep S.399(3X5X«)(6XaX*)... mod. Sch. 8 para. 13A(5) am. S. 6(1) am

Friendly Societies Act S. 16(1) am 66, s. 11(4).

1948. S. 16(4) am 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

c. 41 Law Reform (Personal S. 16(5) am S. 23(1) para.(d)rep. ... S. 2(1) am 66, s. 14(1), sch. 2 para. 48. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 50, s. 14, sch. 5

c. 43 Injuries) Act 1948. Children Act 1948 S. 2 mod. para. 1. 3, s. 5(2).

c. 49 Finance Act 1948 Ss. 50, 53 rep Ss. 1(7), 82(2) rep. 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 77, s. 2(5), sch. 1

c. 56 British Nationality Act S. 5A added (prosp.)

1948. ! S. 6(1) rep. (prosp.), (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.). S. 8(1) am. (prosp.) rep. in pt. (prosp.) ... S. 8(1 A)(1B) added (prosp.). S. 9 subst. ( pr.) para. 1(a) Appendix A. 77, s. 34(1), sch. 77,s.2(5), sch. 1 para. 1(6). 77, ss. 2(5), 34(1), sch. 1 para. 1 (6), sch. 6. 77, s. 2(5), sch. 1 para. 1(6). Appendix B. 77, s. 2(5), sch. 1

i i S. 26 saved para. 1(c). Appendix C. 62, s. 14(3).

lxxxiv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

—cont. c. 58

Criminal Justice Act 1948

S. 6(3 Xb)(4) am.

S. 8(2KflHc) replaced ...

S. 8(3) proviso ( ) rep....

Ss. 8(4X6X8), 11(4) am. S. 14 am.

S. 14(1) am.

S. 14(1) proviso am. ... S. 14(5) am

S. 14(6) added ... S. 17(1) am. ...

Ss. 17(3), 20(4) rep. ...

S. 20(5X<J) am

S. 29 subst

S. 35(2) rep. in pt.

S. 35(3) rep

S. 37(1X6) subst. S. 37(3) am.

S. 37(5) rep

S. 37(6) am

Sch. 9 rep. in pt.

c. 62

c. 63

c. 64

c. 65

12,13 &14 Geo. 6:

c. 4

c. 10

c. 23

Statute Law Revision Act 1948.

Agricultural Holdings Act 1948.

National Service Act 1948.

Representation of the People Act 1948.

Judges Pensions (India and Burma) Act 1948. Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1948. Social Services (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act 1949.

S. 2 rep. in pt

S. 21(3) am. (Crown Court).

S. 41(4), sch. 4 am. ...

Sch. 1 Pt. I am.

Pensions increase

S. 4 rep

Rep

23. s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 24.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 25.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1). sch.

8 para. 24.

72, s. 99(6), sch.

3 para. 28(1). 23. s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 24.

23. s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 26.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 24.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 26.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 24.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. TV.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 24.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 27.

23. s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, ss. 35(3), 56 (4), sch. 11 Pt.

I.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 28(1). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 paras. 24, 28(2).

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 24.

23. s. 56(4), sch.

II. Pt. V.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IT.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

62, s. 9.

S.I. Nos. 2106 to 2116.

56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 28.

58, s. 46(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6:—cortt. c. 25 Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act 1949. Saved 28, s. 9(3).

S. 1(7) subst. 58, s. 46(1), sch. 1

c. 27 Juries Act 1949 S. 1 am. para. 3. 23, s. 36.

c. 29 Consular Conventions Ss. 2-9, 11, 14(cX</), 18 rep. S. 19 rep S. 22 rep. S. 1(3) rep. in pt., (5) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, ss. 40(1), 56 (4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2

c. 32 Act 1949. Special Roads Act 1949 Sch. 2 subst Pt. H. S.I. No. 1211.

c. 40 Landlord and Tenant Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

c. 42 (Rent Control) Act 1949. Lands Tribunal Act 1949 Apptd. day for ss. 1-4 in 20. S.I. No. 215.

c. 44 Superannuation Act 1949 relation to Scotland (1.3.1971). S. 2(6) Pensions increase S. 3(12Xa) subst. S. 48(1M4) rep. (saving) 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 12. 62, s. 18(1), sch. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8Pt.n. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7. 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 47 Finance Act 1949 S. 56 rep. (saving) S. 62(3) rep. (saving) ... Ss. 14, 15(1 Xu) rep., (3)

c. 51 Legal Aid and Advice rep. in pt., (5) rep. ... Sch. 8 para. 8 rep. in pt. Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 1(c). peals). 25, s. 12(2), sch. 2 Pt.II. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

Act 1949. subst. para. 29(1).

c. 55 Prevention of Damage by para. l(e)-(&) rep. para. 3 am. para. 3(6) am. ... para. 5 rep. Sch. 3 paras. 1(1), 2(1) am. S. 15(4) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 29(2). 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 29(3). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pests Act 1949. Court). Pt. I.

c. 59 Licensing Act 1949 Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 67 Civil Aviation Act 1949 Ext peals). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

S. 1(1) proviso excl. S. 7 rep. {prosp.) S. 8(4) am. {prosp.) Ss. 8(6X6) rep. in pt. {prosp.) 14 rep. {prosp.) Ss. 24-26,28 appl. (mod.) para. 5(/). 9, s. 1(2). 75, ss. 27(1), 69 (2), sch. 11. 75, s. 62(1). 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11. 75, s. 14(5), sch. 3 Pt. II.

lxxxvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12 13 & 14 Geo. 6: c. 67 —cont.

Civil Aviation Act 1949 S. 29(2MS) appl. (mod.) 75, s. 14(4), sch. 3

—cont. S. 30(1X2) am. (1.4.1972) para. 1(3). 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. n.

S. 55(1) am. (prosp.) . 75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 2.

S. 59 am. (prosp.) 61, s. 8(4).

Sch. 4 appl 75, s. 14(4), sch. 3

para. 3.

Sch. 4 paras. 4, 8 am. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

(1.4.1972). 23 Pt. U.

Sch. 11 para. 1(2) am.... 75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 3.

c. 68 Representation of the Ss. 45(6), 111(1X2) rep., (3) rep. in pt., (4) (7) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

People Act 1949. 11 Pt. IV.

S.UP5(3) subst 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 30(1).

S. 123(1) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 30(2).

S. 135(2) am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 30(3).

S. 163 definition of 23, s. 56(4), sch.

"public office" rep. in pt. Sch. 2 rule 10A added ... 11 Pt. IV. 7, s. 2(1).

Sch. 3 rules—

5(3X&), (4)(6) am.... 7, s. 1(6), sch.

para. 1.

5(6) am 7, s. 1(6), sch.

para. 2.

7(a) am. 7, s. 1(6), sch.

para. 3.

9A added 7, s. 2(2).

12(2Xa) subst. ... 7, s. 1(6), sch.

para. 4.

Appendix Forms— BI, BII, BUI am. 7, s. 1(6), sch.

paras. 5, 6.

rep. in pt. 7, s. 1(6), sch.

para. 6.

DI, DH, Din, El, En, 7, s. 1(6), sch.

EIII am. para. 7.

F, directions para. 3 7, s. 1(6), sch.

subst. para. 8.

c. 74 Coast Protection Act S. 13(7) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

1949. Court). Pt. I.

c. 76 Marriage Act 1949 Sch. 2 am 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

c. 86 Electoral Registers Act Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1949. 11 Pt. I.

c. 87 Patents Act 1949 S. 18(l)-(6) am., (7) rep. S. 87(1 )(oa) added, (3) S.I. No. 719. 23, s. 46(2).

subst.

c. 94 Criminal Justice (Scot- S. 26 am. (prosp.) 77, s. 6(2).

land) Act 1949.

c. 97 National Parks and Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

Access to the Country- para. 5(g).

side Act 1949. S. 8 ext. (1.4.1972) 78, ss. 1(6), 2(2),

schs. 1, 2.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Actor number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo.

6: National Parks and S. 8(3) saved (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 3(5). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

c. 97—cont. Access to the Country- S. 31 am. (Crown Court)

side Act 1949—cont. Pt. n.

S. 3l(2X«X<Orcp.(3M«) 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

rep. in pt., (7) rep.

Ss. 31(8), 37(2 }(am. ... 23,8.56(1), sch. 8

para. 31.

S. 68(6) am. (Crown 23,8.56(2), sch. 9

Court). Pt. I.

c. 101 Justices of the Peace Act Ss. 8(4) rep. in pt. (E.), (8X*S rep. (E.), 10(5) rep. (saving) 13(1X4) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1949. 11 Pt. IV.

rep. in pt. S. 16(2) proviso ( ) rep. 23, ss. 53(1), 56

(5) rep. in pt., (6Xa) rep. (4), sch. 7 para. 1, sch. 11 Pt.

IV.

S. 20(6) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 27 expld 10, s. 35(1).

expld. (prosp.) ... 77, s. 4(2), sch. 2

paras. 23(3), 31 (4).

S. 33 Pensions increase... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

para. 40.

Ss. 38,39,44(1) definition 23, s. 56(4), sch.

of "court of quarter 11 Pt. IV.

sessions " rep. (E.), sch. 2 paras. 11 rep. in pt. 12, 13 rep. 17 rep. in pt. (saving).

Sch. 4 para. 1(1) am., (2) 23, s. 53(1), sch. 7

added. para. 2(1).

paras. 1(3), 4 rep. 23, ss. 53(1), 56

(4), sch. 7 para. 2(2), sch. 11

Pt. IV.

para. 5 subst. ... 23, s. 53(1), sch. 7

para. 3.

14 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Statute Law Revision Act S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1950. ii Pt. n.

c. 21 Miscellaneous Financial S. 4 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

Provision Act 1950. r peals). 66, s. 2(3).

c. 27 Arbitration Act 1950 ... Excl 72, s. 100(2), sch.

I 6 para. 7.

c. 28 Shops Act 1950 S. 53(11) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch.

Court) (E.). 9 Pt. I.

c. 32 Army Reserve Act 1950 S. 15(lXc) subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 69(1).

S. 15(3) rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch.

4 Pt. n.

c. 33 Air Force Reserve Act S. 21(3) added (prosp.) S. 15(lXc) subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 76. 33, s. 69(1).

1950. S. 15(3) rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch.

4 Pt. II.

S. 21(3)added (prosp.)... 33, s. 76.

c. 34 Housing (Scotland) Act Ss. 120, 125 rep. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

1950. 20.

lxxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 Geo. 6: —cont.

c. 36 Diseases of Animals Act 1950. S.81 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 37 Maintenance Orders Act S. 2(1X2) rep., (3) rep. in 3, ss. 18(2), 20(4)

1950. pt. S. 15 appl Ss. 15(1), 16(2) am. ... (a), sch. 2. 32, s. 20(2). 3, ss. 18(1), 20(4) (a), sch. 1.

c. 39 Public Utilities Street Pt. II (ss.21-25) appl. (E.) S. 21(1X«) am. (E.) ... S. 26 appl. (E.) S. 39(1) definition of " road purposes " am. 41 s. 40(9X14).

Works Act 1950. 41, s. 40(9X14). 41, s. 65(8). 41, s. 78(1).

14 & 15 Geo. 6:

c. 11 Administration of Justice Pt. I (ss. 1-20) Pensions 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

(Pensions) Act 1950. increase. Ss. 2-9, 15-17 appl. ... S. 22 Pensions increase... S. 22 rep., sch. 1 rep. in Sch. 1 restr Sch. 2 rep. in pt., sch. 4 rep. paras. 6, 41. 23, s. 19(4). 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 42. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 32. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. rv.

c. 31 National Health Service Act 1951. Sch. am. S.I. Nos. 340, 420.

c. 39 ... Common Informers Act f 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1951. Sch. rep. in pt. ... *< 11 Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals)

c. 43 Finance Act 1951 S. 44(6) rep ^ 52, S.L.(Repeals)

c. 46 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951. S. 34(1) Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 9.

c. 56 Guardianship and Maintenance of Infants Act 1951. Rep 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2.

c. 60 Mineral Workings Act 1951. S. 2(2) am S. 3 rep. (saving) and superseded. S. 4(1) am S. 8(1) am S. 9(3) am. S. 10(5X6) rep. in pt. ... S. 15(1) am S. 15(2) rep. (as revived by the Iron and Steel Act 1967, s. 35). S. 32(1X2) am. (E.) (1.4.1972) . S. 32(3) am. (E.) (1.4.1972) . S. 34 rep. 71, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 1. 71, ss. 1(7), 6(3) (4), sch. 3. 71. 6(1), sch. 2, para. 2. 71, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 3. 71, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 4. 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3. 71, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 5. 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3. 78, s. 221(1). 78, s. 221(2). 71, ss. 4(2), 6(3), sch. 3.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 & 15 Geo. 6:-

c. 60—cont. Mineral Workings Act S. 39(1) rep. in pt. 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3.

1951—cont. S. 41(1) definition of 71, s. 6(1), sch. 2

" operator " am. Sch. 3 rep. (saving) para. 6. 71, s. 6(3X4), sch. 3. 75, s. 18(1), sch.

c. 65 Reserve and Auxiliary Ext

Forces (Protection of 5 para. 5(h).

Civil Interests) Act S.2(lX<0am 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

1951. Ss. 14(2)(a) subst. (S.), 28, s. 135(2), sch.

15(1) am. (S), (3) subst. (S.), (4) am. (S.). 18 Pt. II.

S. 15(5) rep. (S.) 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

Ss. 16(1) am. (S.), (2) 28, s. 135(2), sch.

subst. (S.), (4)(6)(7), 18, Pt. II.

17 am. (S.), 18(2) am., 19(1) am. (S.).

S. 19(3X4) rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

S. 19(5) am. (S.) 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. II.

S. 19(6) rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

Ss. 20(1M3), 22(1) am. 28, s. 135(2), sch.

(S.), 22 (3A) added (S.), 23(1) definitions of " agricultural land ", " landlord " and 18 Pt. II.

"tenant", "statutory tenancy ", (3) am. (S.).

24 para. O’) added.

S. 48 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 64(1) definition of 28, s. 135(5), sch.

" Rent Restrictions 20.

Acts " rep. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

15 & 16 Geo. 6

& 1 Eliz. 2: c. 18 Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952. Rep 64, s. 4(2).

c. 25 National Health Service S. 2 am S.I. Nos. 340,

Act 1952. 420.

c. 32 Electricity Supply Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals)

(Meters) Act 1952.

c. 33 Finance Act 1952 S. 76 (2) rep. 52,S.L. (Repeals)

c. 37 Civil List Act 1952 S. 7(2) Transfer of func- S.I. No. 2099.

tions.

c. 40 Crown Lessees (Pro- Rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

tection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952. 20.

c. 44 Customs and Excise Act S. 3 (1) rep. in pt., (2)(3) 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2

1952. rep. S. 45(1) Power to excl. Pt. I. 38, s. 22

(prosp.).

mod. (prosp.) 38,s.26(l)-(3).

xc

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6: & 1 Eliz. 2: c. 44—cont.

Customs and Excise Act S. 47 appl. (mod.) 1952— cont. S. 47(2) rep. ...

68, s. ll.sch. 1. 68, ss. 11, 69(7), sch. 1 para. 10, sch. 14 Pt. VH.

S. 49 appl. (mod.) S. 49(1 M3) am.

S. 50(2) am. ...

68, s. 11, sch. 1 para. 5(1H3). 68, s. 11, sch. 1 para. 5(4).

12, s. 24(1), sch. 6

S. 54(lXc) am.

para. 1.

68, s. 11, sch. 1

S. 56(2) Power to excl. (prosp.).

mod. (prosp.)

S. 86(3) rep

para. 9.

38, s. 22.

38, s. 26(1M3). 68, ss. 11, 69(7), sch. 1 para. 10, sch. 14 Pt. VH.

Ss. 123, 124, Pt. VI (ss.

195-209)rep.

Ss. 248, 249 appl.

S. 259 mod

Ss. 281, 283(1) excl. ... S. 283(2X<z) am. (prosp.) S. 283(4) am. (Crown Court) (E.).

S4 286(2) excl. (prosp.)... S. 287 excl.

S. 304 Power to excl. (prosp.). mod. (prosp.) ... S. 307(1) definitions of— " hydrocarbon oils " subst.

" power methylated spirits " rep.

Sch. 7 para. 11 am.

(Crown Court) (E.). Sch. 8 para. 2 rep.

Sch. 10 Pt. II paras. 3, 9, 10 rep. para. 11 rep.

12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

12, s. 22.

12, s. 5.

10, s. 28(5).

38, s. 26(4).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

38, s. 26(5).

10, s. 35(3).

38, s. 22.

38, s. 26(1M3).

12, s. 24(1), sch. 6 para. 1.

12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

80, s. 4(5), sch. 2 Pt. I.

52,S.L. (Repeals)

80, s. 4(5), sch. 2

c. 45 c. 48

... Pensions (Increase) Act 1952.

... Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952.

paras. 19, 20, 23, 28 rep.

Rep. (saving)

Ext

Ss. 1-4 rep

Pt. I.

52, S.L. (Repeals)

56, s. 18(1), sch.

7.

23, s. 51(1).

23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 5(3X4) rep. in pt.

11 Pt. III.

23, ss. 51(2), 56(4), sch. 6 para. 1(3), sch. 11 Pt. III.

S. 5(4A) added

S. 6(4) am. (Crown Court)

23, s. 51(2). sch. 6 para. 1(3).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

xci

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

IS & 16 Geo. 6

& 1 Eliz. 2: c. 48—cont. Costs in Criminal Cases Ss. 7-10 subst 23,s. 51(2), sch. 6

Act 1952—cont. S. 11 rep. para. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii Pt. in.

S. 12 am. 23,s.51(2), sch. 6

para. 3.

S. 14(4) am 23, s. 51(2), sch. 6

S. 15 rep. para. 4. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. in.

Ss. 16,17 am. 23, s. 51(2), sch. 6

para. 5.

S. 17(2) saved S. 17(5) rep 23, s. 50(3). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. in.

c. 49 Court of Chancery of Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Lancaster Act 1952. ii Pt. n.

c. 52 Prison Act 1952 S. 6(1) rep., (2X3) rep. in 23, ss. 53(3),

pt., (4) rep. 56(4), sch. 7 para. 4 sch. 11 Pt.IV.

Ss. 20 rep., 25(7) rep. in pt. S. 43(4Xa) rep. in pt. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, ss. 53(3),

56(4), sch. 7 para. 5 sch. 11 Pt.IV.

S. 43(4Xc) subst. 23, s. 53(3), sch. 7

para. 5.

S. 47(5) am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 33.

c. 54 Town Development Act S. 6(1X5X6) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

1952. 23 Pt. n.

c. 55 Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952. Appl. (prosp.) S. l(2Xe) added Ss. 1(4), 9-12 rep. 40, s. 26(1). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 34(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

S. 14(3) am. {prosp.) ... S. 19(3) rep. in pt. 77, s. 6(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

S. 19(4) am.

para. 34(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 25(3) rep. in pt.

11 Pt. IV.

Ss. 25(5), 28(1), 29 am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

S. 34 rep. in pt. para. 34(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 43 ext 32, s. 19(4).

S. 52(2) am 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

S. 54(3) appl 3, s. 13(1).

S. 55 ext 23, s. 52(5).

Ss. 56(1 Xa), 57(4) am. ... 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

Pt. Ill (ss. 63-76) Power 32, s. 17(3Xe).

to appl. (mod.).

ext.... 32, s. 25(6).

S. 64 mod 32, s. 3(4X5).

Effect of Legislation

xcii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2: c. 55—cont.

c. 67 ...

c. 68 .

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952—cont.

Visiting Forces Act 1952 Cinematograph Act 1952

Ss. 72A, 72B am.

S. 83 am. (Crown Court)

S. 84 rep

S. 85(1) rep. and superseded.

S. 85(2A) added

Ss. 86, 89 am

Ss. 94, 95 Power to ext.

S. 104 excl

excl. (prosp.)

S. 122(1) am

S. 126(1) definition of " fine " excl.

S. 126(1) definition of " clerk of assize " rep. S. 127(1) rep

S. 129 rep

Sch. 1 para. 2 subst. ...

Sch. 2 para. 6 rep.

Sch. 2 para. 7 am.

Sch. 4 Pt. I am.

Sch. 5 rep. in pt.

S. 3(1 X66)added, (4) am. Sch. para. 3(6) added ...

Ss. 2(1 Xa)rep. ( .).

4(2) am. (prosp.), 5(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 6 am. (Crown Court) (E.).

S. 6(2) rep

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 34(3).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1X4). sch. 8 para. 34 (4Xa) sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23,s.56(l), sch. 8 para. 34(4X6). 23, s.56(l), sch. 8 para. 34(1).

23, s. 13(5Xe).

32, s. 19(5).

38, s. 25(4).

23, s.56(l), sch. 8 para. 34(1X5). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 52.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. rv.

48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. rv.

48, ss. 7(1), 11(8), sch. Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 34(1).

S.I. No. 188.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

70, s. 5(2).

48, s. 11(6).

40, s. 12(12).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2: c. 25 ...

c. 34 ...

Local Government Superannuation Act 1953.

S. 24, sch. 1 para. 11 rep. Sch. 4 Pensions increase

Finance Act 1953

Sch. 4 para. 4 rep. (saving) ... S. 31(1X6) rep. in pt. ...

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

56, ss. 5(1), 7(2), sch. 2 para. 53 sch. 3 paras. 1,2.

56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

Effect of Legislation

xciii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Eliz. 2: —cont.

c. 36 Post Office Act 1953 ... S. 57 rep. in pt. 48, ss. 11(9), 12(6), sch. Pt. 8, s. 13(1X6). 8, s. 10.

c. 41 Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act 1953. S. 2 rep. (prosp.) Sch. para. 3 am.

c. 47 Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953. S. 10(4) added (prosp.)... Sch. 1 para. 4 rep. 33, s. 70(4). 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 49 Historic Buildings and Ancient Monuments Act 1953. S. 5(3) restr. (E.) (1.4.1972). 78, s. 126(2).

c. 50 Auxiliary Forces Act 1953. S. 27(2Xc) subst. (prosp.) S. 27(4) rep. (prosp.) ... S. 34(4) added (prosp.)... Sch. 1 appl 33, s. 69(2). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4. 33, s. 76. 72, s. 162(6).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2:

c. 5 Statute Law Revision Act 1953. S. 2 rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n.

c. 25 Pensions (Increase) Act 1954. Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

c. 27 Judges* Remuneration Act 1954. Rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 32 Atomic Energy Authority Act 1954. S. 4(1) ext 11, s. 23(a).

c. 36 Law Reform (Limitation of Actions, &c.) Act 1954. S. 6(1) restr 43, s. 2(3), sch. 1 Pt. n.

c. 37 Superannuation (President of the Industrial Court) Act 1954. Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 11.

c. 38 Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act 1954. Ss. 1, 3 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 42 Slaughterhouses Act 1954 S. 3(5), sch. 1 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 44 Finance Act 1954 S. 33(1) am. (31.3.1971) S. 35(2) rep 68, s. 61(2). 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 48 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954. S. 23 excl S. 23 excl. (prosp.) S. 23(2) appl. (prosp.) ... 10, s. 29(4). 38, s. 25(5). 38 s. 25(5).

c. 50 Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954. Pt. II (ss. 16-39), s. 41, schs. 1-3 rep. 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 56 Landlord and Tenant Act 1954. Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(i).

c. 62 Post Office Savings Bank Act 1954. Rep 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2.

c. 70 Mines and Quarries Act 1954. S. 3(2X3) am S. 13 restr Ss. 37, 54, 116-118 excl. (managers’ assistants). S. 135 am Ss. 141(1M3), 144, 145 ext. Pt. XIV (ss. 152-167) ext. Ss. 152, 155 appl. Ss. 156-158 ext. 20, s. 1(3). 20, s. 1(1). 20, s. 1(4). 20, s. 3(3). 20, s. 3(1). 20, s. 3(2). 20, s. 1(3). 20, s. 2(1).

xciv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Eliz. 2:

c. 70—corn. Mines and Quarries Act S. 162 rep. in pt. 48, ss. 11(8),

1954.—cont. 12(6), sch. Pt. n. 20, s. 1(3).

S. 164 appl

Ss. 175, 179 ext. 20, s. 3(1).

Sch. 3 para. 1 am. 62,s.7(4).

c. 72 Town and Country Plan- S. 55 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

ning Act 1954. peals).

S. 56 rep. 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3.

Ss. 61(1X6), 63 rep. ... 52, S.L. (Re-

f peals). 52, S.L. (Re-

S. 69(1) rep. in pt ■< peals). 71,s.6(3), sch. 3.

S. 70 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

S. 71(1X3) rep 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3.

S. 72(2H4) rep. in pt. ... 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

Sch. 7 paras. 6, 7 rep. ... 71, s. 6(3), sch. 3.

c. 73 Town and Country Plan- S. 19 ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

ning (Scotland) Act para. 5(f).

1954. Ss. 57, 63 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

3 &4Eliz. 2:

c. 13 Rural Water Supplies and S. 1(3) rep. in pt. 49, s. 2(2).

Sewerage Act 1955.

c. 18 Army Act 1955 Cont. until 31.12.1972 ... 33, s. 1.

S. 2(5) subst. ... 33, s. 63(1).

S. 17(3) subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 43, sch. 1

para. 1(2).

Ss. 24-28 replaced by ss. 33, s. 2(1).

24-26 (prosp.). Ss. 27, 28 added (prosp.) S. 29 subst. (prosp.) S. 29A added (prosp.) 33, s. 3(1). 33, s.%).

33, s. 5(1).

S. 30 am. (prosp.) S. 31(1X«) rep. in pt. 33, s. 6(1). 33, ss. 7(u), 77(1),

(prosp.) S. 31(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.) sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

S. 33(1) proviso subst. 33, s. 8(1).

(prosp.). S. 34 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 8(2).

S. 35 am .(prosp.) S. 36(2) am. (prosp.) ... S. 37 subst. (prosp.) S. 38 subst. (prosp.) 33,s.9(l). 33, s. 10(1). 33, s. 11(1).

33, s. 12(1). 33, s. 13(1).

S. 39 subst. (prosp.)

S. 40 rep. (prosp.) 33, ss. 35, 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 41 rep .(prosp.) 33, ss. 5(1), 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

S.42(1 Xc)am.(prosp.) ... 33, s. 14.

S. 43(1) proviso rep. 33, ss. 15(1), 77

(prosp.). (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 43(2) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 15(1).

S. 43A added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 16(1).

Ss. 44-46 replaced (prosp.) 33, s. 17(1).

Effect of Legislation

xcv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 18—cont. Army Act 1955—cont. S.47(c)subst.(prosp.) 33, s. 18.

S. 48A added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 19(1).

S. 50 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 20(1).

Ss. 51 proviso, 52 proviso 33, s. 21(1).

added (prosp.). S. 52 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 21(2).

S. 53 rep. (prosp.) 33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 57(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, ss. 23(2), 77

S. 58 rep. (prosp.) (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, ss. 35, 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 60 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 24(1).

S. 62 am .(prosp.) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, s. 26(1). 33, ss. 26(1), 77

(1), sch.4Pt. I.

S. 63A added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 28(1).

S. 64 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 29(1).

S. 67 rep. (prosp.) 33, ss. 35, 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 68 am. (prosp.) S. 68A added (prosp.) ... S. 69 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, s. 32(1). 33, s. 32(2). 33, ss. 33, 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 70(3) proviso rep. 33, ss. 34(1), 77

(prosp.). S. 70(6) added (prosp.)... (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, s. 34(1X6).

Ss. 71-73 replaced 33, s. 36.

S. 75(3) rep. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 77(1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

S. 78(3) subst. (prosp.) ... S. 79(5) subst. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 37(1). 33, s. 37(2).

S. 79(6) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 43, sch. 1

para. 1(3).

S. 80 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 46.

S. 81(3)(4)(fl) rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

S. 86(1) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 48(1).

Ss. 103(2Xkk) added 33, s. 49(1).

(prosp.), 104(2)(6) am. (prosp.). S. 109(5A) added (prosp.) 33, s. 50(1).

S. 110(2A) added (prosp.) 33, s. 50(2).

S. 113(3) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 73(4), sch.

2 para. 2.

S. 113(5Xc) rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch.

(prosp.). 4 Pt. n.

S. 114(1) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 54(1).

S. 114(2) rep. (prosp.) ... 33, ss. 54(1), 77

(1), sch. 4jPt. n.

S. 118(1) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 43, sch. 1

para. 1(4).

rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch.

(prosp.). 4 Pt. I.

S. 118A added (prosp.)... 33, s. 39(1).

S. 119(1) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 43, sch. 1

para. 1(5).

S. 119A added (prosp.)... 33, s. 40.

XCVI

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

3 & 4 Eliz. 2: c. 18—cont.

Army Act 1955—cont.

S.

S.

S.

S.

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

120(5) am. (prosp.)

120(5) proviso rep. (prosp.).

120(7) am. (prosp.) ... 120(8) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(6).

33, s. 77(1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

33, s. 54(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

Ss. 135(5), 138(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 141(2)(3) am. (prosp.) S. 145(1X6) am. (prosp.)

S. 145(2)(a) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

S. 150(l)(flf) rep. (prosp.)

S. 151A added (prosp.)... S. 152(1) subst. (prosp.), (2) am. (prosp.).

S. 152(2) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

S. 152(3) rep. (prosp.) ...

S. 153(2) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 58.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(7).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33,s.59(l), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II. 33, s. 59(1).

33, s. 59(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

33. ss. 62(1), 77(1), sch. 4

pt. n.

S. 153(4) added (prosp.)

Pt. IV (ss. 154-176) Power to appl. (mod.) (prosp.).

Ss. 154, 165 ext. (prosp.)

S. 181(2X3) am. (prosp.)

S. 186(4A) added (prosp.)

S. 187(4A) added (prosp.)

S. 189(3)(aa) added (prosp.).

Ss. 190A, 190B added (prosp.).

S. 198(8) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 201 am. (prosp.)

S. 204(3) added (prosp.)

S. 204A added (prosp.)

S. 208A added (prosp.)

S. 209(2) proviso, (3)(a) am. (prosp.).

S. 209(5) added (prosp.)

S. 210(2)(6)(3X4) am. (prosp.).

S. 211(3) rep. (4)

rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 211(7) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 213(6) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 62(1). 33, s. 67(2).

33, s. 67(1X2). 33, s. 66(2). 33, s. 56(1). 33, s. 56(2). 33, s. 56(3).

33, s. 44(2).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(8).

33, s. 68.

33, s. 70(2).

33, s. 45(1).

33, s. 72(1).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(9).

33, s. 72(2).

33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 4(1).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(10).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 214(9) added (prosp.) S. 215(11) am

33, s. 76.

3, ss. 18(1), 20(4)(6), sch. 1.

Effect of Legislation

xcvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 18—cont. Army Act 1955—cont. S. 225(1) definition of 33, s. 43, sch. 1

"service law" added (prosp.). para. 1(11).

Sch. 2 am 3, ss. 18(1),

20(4X6), sch. 1.

Sch. 3 para. 1 rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

(prosp.). Pt. I.

para. 1A am. 33, s. 43, sch. 1

(prosp.). para. 1(12).

para. 4A added 33, s. 43, sch. 1

(prosp.). para. 1(13).

para. 5 rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

paras. 7A, 7B 33, s. 43, sch. 1

added (prosp.). para. 1(14).

para. 8 rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

paras. 9A, 9B 33, s. 43, sch. 1

added (prosp.). para. 1(15).

Sch. 4 Power to appl. 33, s. 67(2).

(mod.) (prosp.).

Sch. 6 para. 1(2) rep. (prosp.), (3) rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

(prosp.). Sch. 7 para. 9 rep. (prosp.) 33, ss. 63(3),

77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

para. 10 am. 33, s. 75, sch. 3

(prosp.). para. 4(2).

paras. 12,12Arep. 33, ss. 43, 77(1),

(prosp.). sch. 1 para. 1(16), sch. 4 Pt. I.

paras. 19, 22, 23 33, s. 75, sch. 3

c. 19 Air Force Act 1955 am. (prosp.). Cont. until 31.12.1972 ... para. 4(2). 33, s. 1.

S. 2(5) subst. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 63(1).

S. 17(2) am S.I. No. 510.

S. 17(3) subst. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 43, sch. 1

para. 1(2).

S. 20(1) rep. in pt., (5) S.I. No. 510.

am.

Ss. 24-28 replaced by ss. 33, s. 2(2).

24-26 (prosp.).

Ss. 27, 28 added (prosp.) S. 29 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 3(2). 33, s. 4(2).

S. 29A added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 5(2).

S. 30 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 6(1).

S. 31(1X<») rep. in pt. 33, ss. 7(a), 77(1),

(prosp.). sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 31(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

S. 33(1) proviso subst. 33, s. 8(1).

(prosp.). S. 34 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 8(2).

S. 35 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 9(1).

S. 36(2) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 10(2).

S. 37 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 11(2).

S. 38 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 12(2).

S. 39 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 13(2).

xcviii Effect of Legislation

3

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

&4 Eliz. 2: c. 19—cont.

Air Force Act 1955 —cont.

S. 40 rep. (prosp.)

S. 41 rep. (prosp.)

S. 42(1 Xc) am. (jprosp.)... S. 43(1) proviso rep. (prosp.).

S. 43(2) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 43A added (prosp.)

Ss. 44-46 replaced (prosp.) S. 47(c) subst. (prosp.) ... S. 48A added (prosp.) ... S. 50 subst. (prosp.)

Ss. 51 proviso, 52 proviso added (prosp.).

S. 52 am. (prosp.)

S. 53 rep. (prosp.)

S. 57(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

am. (prosp.)

S. 58 rep. (prosp.)

S. 60 subst. (prosp.)

S. 62 am. (prosp.)

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 63A added (prosp.) .. S. 64 subst. (prosp.)

S. 67 rep. (prosp.)

S. 68 am. (prosp.)

S. 68A added (prosp.) ... S. 69 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 70(3) proviso rep (prosp.).

S. 70(6) added (prosp.) ... Ss. 71 -73 replaced (prosp.) S. 75(3) rep. (prosp.)

33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 5(2), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 14.

33, ss. 15(1), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 15(1).

33, s. 16(2).

33, s. 17(2).

33, s. 18.

33, s. 19(2).

33, s. 20(2).

33, s. 21(1)-

33, s. 21(2).

33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 23(2), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 23(2).

33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 24(2).

33, s. 26(1).

33, ss. 26(1), 77 (l),sch. 4Pt. I.

33, s. 28(2).

33, s. 29(2).

33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 32(1).

33, s. 32(3).

33, ss. 33, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 34(2), 77 (1), sch. 4Pt. I.

33, s. 34(2).

33, s. 36.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 78(3) subst. (prosp.)...

S. 79(5) subst. (prosp.) ...

S. 79(6) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 81(3X4Xff) rep. (prosp

S. 86(1) am. (prosp.) ... Ss. 103(2)(*) added

( prosp.), 104(2X6) am. (prosp.).

S. 109(5 A) added (prosp.) S. 110(2A) added (prosp

S. 113(3) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 113(5)(c) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

33, s. 37(1).

33, s. 37(2).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(3).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 48(1).

33, s. 49(1).

33, s. 50(1).

33, s. 50(2).

33, s. 73(4), sch. 2 para. 2.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

xcix

3

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

& 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 19—com.

Air Force Act 1955 —cont.

S. 114(1) am. (prosp.)

S. 114(2) rep. (prosp.)

S. 118(1) am. (prosp.) ...

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 118A added (prosp.)

S. 119(1) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 119A added (prosp.) ... S. 120(5) am. (prosp.)

S. 120(5) proviso rep.

(prosp.).

S. 120(7) am. (prosp.) ... S. 120(8) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 54(1).

33,s.54(l), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(4).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 39(2).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(5).

33, s. 40.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(6).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 54(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

Ss. 135(5), 138(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 141(2X3) am. (prosp.) S. 145(1)(6) am. (prosp.)

S. 145(2)(n) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

S. 150(1)00 rep. (prosp.)

S. 151A added (prosp.) ... S. 152(1) subst. ), (2) am. (prosp.).

S. 152(2) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

S. 152(3) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 58.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(7).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 59(1), 77 (l),sch.4Pt.II.

33, s. 59(1).

33, s. 59(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

S. 153(2) rep. (prosp.) ...

S. 153(4) added (prosp.) S. 181(2)(3) am. (prosp.) S. 186(4A) added (prosp.) S. 187(4A) added (prosp.) S. 189(3)(aa) added (prosp.).

Ss. 190A, 190B added (prosp.).

S. 198(8) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 201 am .(prosp.)

S. 204(3) added (prosp.) S. 204A added (prosp.) ... S. 208A added (prosp.)... S. 209(2) proviso, (3X«) am. (prosp.).

S. 209(5) added (prosp.) S. 210(3) rep. (prosp.), (4) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 210(7) am. (prosp.) ...

S. 211(6) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, ss. 62(1), 77 (l),sch.4Pt. II.

33, s. 62(1).

33, s. 66(2).

35, s. 56(1).

33, s. 56(2).

33, s. 56(3).

33, s. 44(2).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(8).

33, s. 68.

33, s. 70(2).

33, s. 45(1).

33, s. 72(1).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(9).

33, s. 72(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(10).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S 2

c

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 19—cont. Air Force Act 1955 —cont. S. 213(11) am S. 212(9) added (prosp.) S. 223(1) definition of "service law" added {prosp.). Sch. 2 am Sch. 3 para. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.). para. 1A am. (prosp.). para. 4A added (prosp.). para. 5 rep. (prosp.). paras. 7A, 7B added (prosp.). para. 8 rep. (prosp). paras. 9A, 9B added (prosp.). Sch. 6 para. 1(2) rep. (prosp.), (3) rep. in pt. 3, ss. 18(1), 20 (4 )(b),sch. 1. 33, s. 76. 33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(11). 3, ss. 18(1), 20 (4)(6), sch. I. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt.I. 33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(12). 33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(13). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(14). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 1(15). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 20 Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act 1955. (prosp.). Sch. 2 paras. 6, 13(8), 14(8) rep. (prosp.), 18(4) rep. in pt. (prosp.). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

c. 22 Pensions (India, Pakistan and Burma) Act 1955. S. 3(1) rep. in pt. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

c. 25 Oil in Navigable Waters Act 1955. Rep. (prosp.) 60, s. 33(1), sch.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2:

c. 8 County Courts Act 1955 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 11 Sudan (Special Payments) Act 1955. Title rep. in pt., ss. 1 rep., 3 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 15 Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage (No. 2) Act 1955. Rep 49, s. 2(2).

c. 16 Food and Drugs Act 1955. S. 67(1) rep. in pt., (2) rep. S. 118 am. (Crown Court) S. 136(3), sch. 12 para. 7 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 34 Criminal Justice Administration Act 1956. Pt. I (ss. 1-11) rep. ... S. 4(5) Pensions increase Ss. 13-15, 16(l)(a) rep., 17(1) rep. in pt., (3X4), 19, 20 rep., 21(2) rep. in pt., sch. 1 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 10. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 39 Pensions (Increase) Act 1956. Rep. (saving) 56. s. 18(1), sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation

ci

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

4 & 5 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 44 Magistrates* Courts S. 1 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

(Appeals from Binding Over Orders) Act 1956. Pt. I.

c. 46 Administration of Justice S. l(lX<0ext 59, s. 13(1).

Act 1956. Ss. 2 rep., 3(1X3M7), 4(6) rep. in pt. Ss. 9,10 rep 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 17(3) rep 25, s. 12(1), sch. 2

Pt. I.

S. 18 rep. S. 25(1) rep. in pt. 27, s. 11(2), sch. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 52 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pts. II and IV.

Sch. 1 para. 1(1 X<0 ext. 59, s. 13(1).

c. 49 Agriculture Safety, Health and Welfare S. 3(8) am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

(Provisions) Act 1956.

c. 53 Teachers (Superannua- Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

tion) Act 1956. sch. 2 paras. 18,19.

c. 54 Finance Act 1956 S. 3 rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 60 Valuation and Rating S. 7(2) mod 39, ss. 5-7.

(Scotland) Act 1956. S. 7(2AX2B) added ... S. 7(3) expld 39, s. 9(a). 39, ss. 5-7.

S. 16(2), sch. 3 paras. 1, 2 am. Sch. 3 paras. 6-8 rep. ... 28, s. 135(2), sch. 18 Pt. II. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

para. 15(c) am. ... 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. II.

c. 67 Road Traffic Act 1956 ... S. 4(5) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 69 Sexual Offences Act 1956 S. 37(2), sch. 2 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 74 Copyright Act 1956 S. 21(10) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Court) (E.). Pt. I.

Ss. 27A added, 29(3) am. 4, s. 1.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 20 House of Commons Dis- Sch. 1 Pt. I am.... 23, s. 17(5).

qualification Act 1957. Pt. I rep. in pt. ... r 58, s. 21. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 72, ss. 63(3),

99(6), 120(6),

Pt. II am. 1 sch. 3 para. 53(1 )(2).

I 75, ss. 1(5), 37(5).

Pt. II am. 77, s. 12, sch. 5

para. 10.

Pt. 11 am. 78, s. 47(5).

1 (1.4.1972).

S3

cii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 20—con/. House of Commons Dis- f 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

qualification Act 1957 pts. i, n.

—cont. Pt. II rep. in pt.-< 1 18, s. 6(2), sch. 3 Pt. II.

1 72, s. 169, sch. 9. S.I. No. 1175.

Pt. II rep. in pt. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

Pt. II rep. in pt. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

(prosp.). 11.

Pt. Ill am. t9 72, ss. 63(3),

99(6), 120(6), sch. 3 para.

53(3).

Pt. Ill am. (prosp.) 77, s. 12, sch. 5

1 r para. 4. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Pt. HI rep. in pt. -< 11 Pt. IV.

L t. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt.IV. S.I. No. 719.

Pt. IV rep. in pi

Sch 2 rep. in pt.

72, ss. 63(3),

99(6), 120(6),

Sch. 3 am. ... « sch. 3 para. 53(1).

75, ss. 1(5), 37(5).

am. (prosp.) 77, s. 12, sch. 5

1 r paras. 4,10. 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

1 pts. i, n.

rep. in pt. ^ 1 I 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

rep. in pt. . 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

c. 25 Rent Act 1957 Rep

20.

c. 27 Solicitors Act 1957 Ss. 18(1), 29(5) definition 23, s. 56(4), sch.

of "county office" rep. 11 Pt. IV.

m pt.

c. 46 Judicial Officers (Salaries Ss. l(lXfl) rep., (2) rep. in 23, s. 56(4), sch.

and Pensions) Act 1957. pt., (6), 2, sch. 1 rep. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 48 Electricity Act 1957 Ss. 33, 34, sch. 2 am. 78, s. 5, sch. 3

(London) (1.4.1972). para. 8.

c. 52 Geneva Conventions Act S. 1(3) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1957. 11 Pt.IV.

c. 53 Naval Discipline Act Cont. until 31.12.1972 .. 33, s. 1.

1957. Ss. 2-5 replaced by ss. 2-4 33, s. 2(3).

(prosp.). S. 5 added (prosp.) 33, s. 6(2).

S. 6 subst. (prosp.) . 33, s. 4(3).

S. 7 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 5(3).

S. 9(1 X«) rep. (prosp.) .. 33, ss. 7(6), 77

(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

Ss. 9(2), 10 rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

(prosp.). Pt. I.

Ss. 11, 12 subst. (prosp.) 33, s. 8(3).

S. 13 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 16(3).

Effect of Legislation

ciii

Session and p. or No. ofl

Short title or Subject

How affected

5 &6Eliz. 2: c. 53.

Naval Discipline Act 1957—corn.

S. 13(a) rep. in pt.

S. 14 rep. in pt. .)

S. 14 proviso added (prosp.).

S. 14A added (prosp.)

S. 15 subst. (prosp.)

S. 16(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 16(3) rep. (prosp.)

S. 17(1) rep. in pt.

(prosp.), (2) rep. (prosp.) S. 18 am. (prosp.)

S. 19 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 20(a) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 21 proviso, 22 proviso added (prosp.).

Ss. 23,24 am. (prosp.)

S. 26 rep. (prosp.)

S. 27(1) am. (prosp.)

S. 28 am. (prosp.)

Ss.29,30 replaced(prasp.) Ss. 32(a), 33(lXa) (2X*) am. (prosp.).

Ss. 33A-33C added (prosp.).

S. 34A added (prosp.)

S. 35 subst. (prosp.)

S. 35A added (prosp.)

S. 35B added (prosp.)

S. 36 am. (prosp.)

S. 36A added (prosp.)

S. 37 am. (prosp.)

S. 38(3) am. (prosp.)

S. 39 am. (prosp.)

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 41 subst. (prosp.)

S. 42(1 Xc) subst. (prosp.) Ss. 43,44replaced (prosp.) S. 45(2 )(6)am. (prosp.)

S. 47(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

S. 49(2), (5) proviso am.

(prosp.).

S. 50(2Xa) subst. (prosp.)

S. 52(3) subst. (prosp.)

S. 53(3) subst. (prosp.) ... S. 53(4) rep. (prosp.), (5) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 58(2Xaa) added (prosp.), (4) subst. (prosp.).

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

33,s.l6(3), 77(1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 9(2), 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 9(2).

33, s. 10(3).

33, s. 11(3).

33,s.77(l), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 11(3), 77 (l),sch.4Pt. I.

33, ss. 12(3), 77 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 13(3).

33, ss. 19(3), 77 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 21(1).

33, s. 3(3).

33, ss. 35, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 14. 33, s. 15(2). 33, s. 17(3). 33, s. 67(3).

33, s. 22.

33, s. 25.

33, s. 26(2).

33, s. 27.

33, s. 28(3).

33, s. 29(3).

33, s. 30.

33, s. 31 33, s. 23(3).

33, s. 33.

33, ss. 33, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 32(4).

33, s. 34(3).

33, s. 38.

33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 5(1).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 47.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(2).

33, s. 41.

33, s. 48(3).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

33, s. 49(2).

S 4

civ

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

5<fi6Eliz. 2: c. 53—cont.

t

I

Chapter of 1971

Short title or Subject

How affected

Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Naval Discipline Act 1957—cont.

S. 70(3) am. (prosp.)

S. 70(4) added (prosp.) S. 72(2) rep. (prosp.)

33, s. 73(4), sch. 2 para. 3.

33, s. 51.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

S. 75(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

33, ss. 60, 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

S. 75(3) subst. (prosp.) ... S. 76(1) rep. in pt

33, s. 60.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

S. 82A added (prosp.) S. 85(3) rep. (prosp.)

33, s. 52(1).

33, ss. 53. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

S. 86(3) added (prosp.) ... S. 92(3) added (prosp.) S. 97(l)(ffXc) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

S. 101(3) rep. (prosp.) ...

33, s. 39(3).

33, s. 54(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, ss. 62(2), 77 (1), sch. 4 Pt.

S. 103(4) added (prosp.)

S. 105(4A) added (prosp.)

S. 109(3Xa) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 112 am .(prosp.)

S. 118(2)(a) am. (prosp.)

S. 118(2) proviso added (prosp.).

S. 122(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 123(10) added (prosp.)

S. 125(2) am. (prosp.) ...

Ss. 128A-128E added (prosp.).

S. 129 am. (prosp.)

S. 129A added (prosp.)

Ss. 129B; 129C added (prosp.).

S. 129D added (p

S. 130 subst. (prosp.) ...

S. 130A added (prosp.)

S. 132(7X8) am. (prosp.)

S. 133(3) a m. (prosp.) ...

S. 134 am. (prosp.), (2M9) added (prosp.).

S. 135(1) definitions of "air signal", "before the enemy", "damage" added (prosp.).

Sch. 1 paras. 1, 2 subst. (prosp.). paras. 3, 5 subst. (prosp.).

Sch. 2 paras. 1, 2 rep. (prosp.).

33, s. 44(1).

33, s. 56(1).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 5(2).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(3).

33, s. 42.

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

33, s. 76.

33, s. 52(2).

33, s. 61.

33, s. 55.

33, s. 45(2).

33, s. 57(1).

33, s. 65.

33, s. 66(1).

33, s. 71.

33, s. 75, sch. 3 para. 5(3).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(4).

33, s. 74.

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(5).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(6).

33, s. 43, sch. 1 para. 2(7).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

cv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 53—cont. Naval Discipline Act Sch. 4 para. lam.(pros;?.) 33, s. 43, sch. 1

1957—cont. para. 2(8).

para. 2 repXprosp.), 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

sch. 5 rep. in pt. (prosp.). Pt. I.

c. 55 Affiliation Proceedings S. 8(1) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Act 1957. Court). Pt. I.

c. 56 Housing Act 1957 S. 14(5) am S. 14(5) am. (Crown Court). S. 14(6X7) rep Pt. HI (ss. 42-75) ext. S.I. No. 1292. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(k).

appl. 78, s. 197.

(1.4.1972). S. 102 rep 47, s. 1(4), sch.

S. 144 restr. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 130(2).

S. 164(3) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii Pt. n.

c. 62 Governors Pensions Act Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

1957. para. 27.

6 &7Eliz. 2:

c. 1 National Insurance (No. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

2) Act 1957. peals).

c. 6 Import Duties Act 1958 S. 13(4) am 68, s. 1(3).

Sch. 3 para. 10 added ... 68, s. 1(4).

para. 11 added ... 68, s. 2.

c. 10 British Nationality Act Ss. 3(2) rep. (prosp.), 5(3) 77, s. 34(1), sch.

1958. rep. in pt. (prosp.). 6.

c. 23 Milford Haven Conserv- S. 9(4) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

ancy Act 1958. Court). Pt. I.

c. 30 Land Powers (Defence) Ss. 7, 8(1 Xa) rep. in pt.. S.I. No. 719.

Act 1958. 10(l)am.,(8)rep.,ll(l) am., sch. 3 para. 1(a) rep. in pt.

c. 34 Litter Act 1958 S. 1(1) am 35, s. 1(1).

c. 38 Defence Contracts Act S. 6(1) definitions of S.I. No. 719.

1958. "competent authority" rep. in pt., "defence materials " para, (c) subst.

c. 39 Maintenance Orders Act S. 9 rep 32, s. 29(2), sch.

1958. 6.

S. 20 reprinted as am. 32, s. 27(1), sch.

(except subs. (6)). 5.

Ss. 20(1 )(2) rep. in pt., 32, s. 29(2), sch.

(3M5X7) rep. S. 21(1) definition of 6. 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

" maintenance order "

am.

S. 23(2) rep. in pt. 32, s. 29(2), sch. 40, s. 36(8).

c. 42 Housing (Financial Pro- S. 43(3Xc) ext. (prosp.)

visions) Act 1958.

c. 49 Trading Representatives S. 3(5) am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Disabled Persons) Act 1958. Pt. I.

CV1

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Eliz. 2:

c. 51 Public Records Act 1958 S. 8(1) proviso rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

Sch. 1 para. 3 am. 75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 4.

para. 4(1 Xc) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

c. 55 Local Government Act S. 38(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1958. 11 Pt. IV. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

S. 60(2) Pensions increase

paras. 23, 52, 55.

c. 56 Finance Act 1958 S. 35(1 M3) rep. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. VI.

S. 39 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 61 ... Interest on Damages S. 1(1) replaced 31, s. 1(1).

(Scotland) Act 1958. S. 2 am 31, s. 1(2).

S. 3(2) subst 31, s. 1(3).

c. 62 Merchant Shipping (Liability of Ship- Ext. (prosp.) 59, ss. 5(4), 7.

owners and Others) Act 1958.

c. 64 Local Government and Sch. 4 paras. 5, 19 rep. 56, s. 18(1), sch.

Miscellaneous Finan- (saving). 7.

cial Provisions (Scotland) Act 1958.

c. 65 Children Act 1958 S. 11 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

c. 66 Tribunals and Inquiries Rep. (except ss. 1(8), 17) 62, s. 18(2), sch.

Act 1958. 4 Pt. I.

c. 69 Opencast Coal Act 1958 S. 2(4) ext. (E.) (1.4.1972) 78, s. 60(10).

S. 39(6X6) ext. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 5(e).

ext. ("the 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

appropriate Minister"). para. 6

c. 72 Insurance Companies Act S. 1(5) rep. in pt. 72, s. 169, schs.

1958. S. 1(5 A) added 8, 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

c. 5 Adoption Act 1958 S. 31(4) am. (Crown Court). S. 31(5) rep 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 48 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

S. 57(1) definition of 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

" guardian " am.

Sch. 2 subst S.I. No. 1160.

c. 7 Manoeuvres Act 1958 ... S. 8(2X6) rep 48, ss. 11(8),

12(6), sch. Pt. II.

c. 22 County Courts Act 1959 Ss. 2(2) proviso, 3-10 rep. 23, ss. 20(5),

J 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

Ss. 12-17 rep 23, ss. 20(5X6),

56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

evil

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

c. 22—cent. County Courts Act 1959 S. 28 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

—cont. S. 31(4) am 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 35(1).

S. 33 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 34(1) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

rep. inpt. para. 35(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 55(1) proviso rep. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

S. 76 appl. 23, s. 45(6).

Ss. 95, 96(3) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. I.

S. 102 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 130(1).

S. 140(3) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

S. 148 saved 32, s. 4(4).

am 32, s. 5.

S. 156(1) am 32, s. 27(2).

Ss. 169 rep., 174(2), 175, 23, s. 56(4), sch.

176 rep. in pt. 11 Pt. II.

S. 179 appl 32, s. 23(8).

Ss. 180(2) rep. in pt., 183 23, s. 56(4), sch.

(3), 197 rep. 11 Pt. H.

S. 201 am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 35(3).

S. 205(5Xrf) am. 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

Sch. 2 para. 2(1) rep. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 25 Highways Act 1959 Am. 41, s. 84(1).

S. 9 am 41, ss. 11, 12.

expld 41, s. 62.

S. 10(2) appl 41, ss. 27(2)(3),

30(4).

S. 10(3) appl 41, s. 27(2).

S. 13 am. 41, ss. 11,12.

expld 41, s. 62.

S. 13(1) rep. in pt. 41, ss. 15(4),

S. 13(lXu) am 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 15(4).

S. 18 am. 41, s. 6.

expld 41, s. 7(3).

S. 19(1) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 20 expld 41, s. 12(5).

S. 21(2)(e) am 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1

para. 1.

S. 22(5X66) added 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1

para. 2.

S. 26(1X2) saved S. 26(1) proviso exd. ... 41, s. 18(11). 41, s. 57(3X6).

S. 38(2X<?) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 44(1) am. (3) added ... 41, s. 68(1).

S. 59(3) am. (Crown Court). S. 60(1) rep 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

cviii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

c. 25—cont. Highways Act 1959 S. 60(2) am. ... ... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

—cont. S. 60(3H5) rep. para. 36(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 64(2) proviso (A) am. 41, s. 19(4).

S. 64(2XA) added ... 41, s. 23(2).

S. 67(2A) added ... 41, s. 19(1).

S. 67(3A) added ... 41, s. 19(2).

S. 67(4)-(6) am. ... 41, s. 19(3).

S. 69A added ... 41, s. 20.

Ss. 72(3), 74(3), 75(2) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

am. (Crown Court). Pt. I.

S. 76(2) rep. ... ... 41, ss. 74, 86(2),

sch. 12.

S. 85(lXc)am. ... ... 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1

para. 3.

S. 85(3) excl. ... S. 100(2) am. ... • 41, s. 4(3).

... 41, s. 21.

rep. in pt. ... 41, ss. 21, 86(2),

sch. 12.

S. 103 Reprinted as am. 41, s. 22(1), sch. 2. 41, ss. 22(13),

saved

66(5).

S. 103(1) am. ... 41, s. 22(2).

S. 103(1 A) added S. 103(2) rep. in pt. 41, s. 22(3). 41, ss. 22(4Xa),

86(2), sch. 12.

am. ... 41, s. 22(4)(11).

S. 103(3) am. ... S. 103(4) am. ... S. 103(4 A) added 41, s. 22(5). 41, s. 22(6).

41,s.22(7).

S. 103(5) am. ... 41, s. 22(8).

S. 103(6) am. ... 41, s. 22(9).

S. 103A added ... S. 103A(4) rep. ... 41, s. 23(1). 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

S. 104 rep. ... 41, ss. 74, 86(2),

\ 1 sch. 12.

S. 108 am. (London) 78, s. 5, sch. 3

(1.4.1972). para. 8.

S. 108(7X8) am. ... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 36(2X3).

S. 116(5X6) am. ... 41, s. 70(1).

S. 117(lX<dCXaXf>) rep.. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

(c) rep. in pt. Pt. I.

S. 119(5) am. ... S. 119(5 A) added S. 123(1) am. ... ... 41, s. 70(2). 41, s. 70(2).

... 41, s. 43(11).

S. 135(1X3) am., (4A) 41, s. 33.

Ss. 137(6), 139(3) rep. in 41, s. 86(2), sch.

pt. 12.

S. 141 am. ... 41, s. 71(1).

S. 144(4) added... S. 146(4) subst.... ... 41, s. 34(1). 41, s. 71(2).

S. 149 subst. ... 41, s. 37.

S. 151 saved ... 41, s. 38(13).

S. 151(2) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

Court). Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

cix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

c. 25—cont. Highways Act 1959 S. 151(4) added 41, s. 39.

—cont. S. 152 ext 75, s. 18(1) sch. 5

para. 5(m).

S. 155 rep 41, ss. 40(18), 86 (2), sch. 12.

Ss. 159(4), 163(6), 164(3), 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

165(2), 166(5) am. (Crown Court). Pt. I.

Ss. 174-191 appi. S. 214(3) rep. in pt. 41, s. 76(1). 41, ss. 73(1), 86

(2), sch. 12.

mod 41, s. 51(2).

appl S. 214(5X8) rep. in pt. ... 41, s. 51(4). 41, s. 86(2), sch.

12.

S. 214(9) rep 41, ss. 44(8), 86

(2), sch. 12.

S. 215(3) mod 41, s. 51(2X3).

appl S. 215(4) rep 41, s. 51(4). 41, ss. 44(8), 86

(2), sch. 12.

S. 216 appl S. 218(3) saved. S. 222(1H4) am. S. 222(6) appl 41, s. 51(5). 41, s. 47(9). 41, s. 47(4). 41, s. 45(4).

saved 41, s. 49(5).

S. 222(6XaMc) subst. ... 41, s. 47(4).

S. 222(11) am 41, s. 45(6).

S. 223 ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 5(m).

Ss. 223,224 saved 41, s. 47(9).

S. 231(1X3) am. 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1

para. 4;

S. 235 am 41, ss. 8(1), 29,

S. 235(3) rep 30(6). 41, ss. 8(2), 86(2),

sch. 12.

S. 237(7) added 41, s. 69.

S. 238(1) am 41, s. 59(1).

S. 238(2A) added S. 251(1AX1B) added ... S. 254 rep 41, s. 59(2). 41, s. 58. 41, ss. 64(4), 86

(2), sch. 12.

S. 255(4) am 41, s. 71(3).

S. 259(2) replaced. S. 264 appl S. 266(1) rep. in pt. 41, s. 71(4). 41, s. 81(1). 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 81(3).

S. 266(1H3) appl.

S. 271 appl 41, s. 80(3).

Ss. 273, 275(1X2) am. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

(Crown Court). Pt I.

S. 275(3) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 276 rep S.I. No. 1292.

S. 284(2) rep. 41, ss. 14(10), 86

(2), sch. 12.

S. 284<3XaX6) (4 41, ss. 53(4), 86

rep. (prosp.). (2), sch. 12.

cx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 25—coat. Highways Act 1959 S. 284(5) rep 41, ss. 17(3), 86

—coat. S. 285(1X<0 saved S. 286(2) excl S. 287 subst S. 292(3) rep. in pt. S. 295(1) definition of "proposed highway" am. S. 300(1) rep. in pt. and am. S. 300(1 A) added S. 300(2X66) added ... S. 300(5) rep. in pt. am S. 300(5A) added S. 300(6) am S. 300(6A) added S. 300(7) rep. in pt. S. 300(7A) added S. 300(8) am S. 308(3) rep. in pt. Sch. 1 Pt. I. Reprinted as am. para. 1 am. para. 1(6) am. para. 2 am. Sch. 1 para. 3 Table head- (ii) subst. (iii) (iv) am. (v) am (vi) rep (vii) am Sch. 1 paras. 4A, 4B added. para. 5 am. (2), sch. 12. 41, s. 82(3). 41, s. 85(6). 41, s. 79. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 73(2). 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 1. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 2. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 3. 41, ss. 61, 86(2), sch. 9 para. 4, sch. 12. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 4. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 5. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 6. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 7. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 8. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 9. 41, s. 61, sch. 9 para. 10. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 86(3), sch. 13. 41, s. 12(1), sch. 1 para. 9. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 12. 41, ss. 1(3), 12(1), sch. 1 paras. 5, 10. 41, s. 12(1), sch. 1 para. 11. 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 6. 41, s. 3(3), sch. 1 para. 8. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 6. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 13. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 14.

Effect of Legislation

cxi

Session and Chap. or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 25— Highways Act 1959 Sch. 1 para. 6 am. 41, s. 15.

—cont. para. 6A added 41, s. 1(3), sch. 1

c. 26 1 Terms and Conditions para. 7(6)am. ... paras. 8A, 8B added, para. 9 am. para. 10 am. para. 11 added ... Sch. 2 appl. (mod.) Sch. 4 subst Sch. 6 para. 2 rep. in pt. Sch. 7 ext Sch. 12 am. (London) (1.4.1972). Sch. 12 para. 3 am. Sch. 18 rep. in pt. Sch. 24 para. 31A added (retrosp.). S. 8 Reprinted as am. para. 7. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 15. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 16. 41, s. 14(9), sch. 1 para. 17. 41, s. 15. 41, s. 72(1). 41, s. 16. S.I. No. 1156. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(m). 78, s. 5, sch. 3 para. 8. 41, s. 72(2). 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 41, s. 72(3). 72, s. 152(4), sch.

of Employment Act (prosp.). 7 Pt. II.

1959. S. 8(1) proviso (i) am. 72, s. 152(3), sch.

c. 50 Pensions (Increase) Act (prosp.). S. 8(2) am. (prosp.) Rep. (saving) 7 Pt. I para. 1. 72, s. 152(3), sch. 7 Pt. I para. 2. 56, s. 18(1), sch.

c. 51 1959. Licensing (Scotland) Act Ss. 38-41 appl. (mod.)... 7. 65, s. 3(4).

1959. S. 47 excl 65, s. 3(4).

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- Pt. V (ss. 81-87) Power to rep. am. ... S. 82 rep. Sch. 8 Power to rep. ... S. 23(2) ext. (1.4.1972)... 65, s. 5(1). 65, s. 3(1X2). 65, s. 1. 65, s. 5(1). 78, s. 122(3).

ning Act 1959. S. 24(1) ext. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 121(6).

c. 64 Landlord and Tenant S.26(2M4)am.(l.4.1972) S. 26(5Xc) am. (1.4.1972) S. 27 ext. (1.4.1972) ... S. 33 rep. Rep 78, s. 123(3). 78, s. 291(1),sch. 23 Pt. II. 78, s. 123(8). 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

c. 66 (Furniture and Fittings) Act 1959. Obscene Publications Act S. 3(5) am 20. 23, s. 56(1X2),

c. 69 1959. Wages Councils Act 1959 S. 1-3, 5-7 am sch. 8 para. 37, sch. 9 Pt. I. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

S. 6(2) rep. in pt., (4) rep. S. 9 am S. 9(1) rep S. 22(3) am 72, s. 169, schs. 8 9 72, s. 169, sch. 8. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

CX11

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 69—cont. Wages Councils Act 1959 S. 23 rep. in pt. S. 24 definitions of 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

—cont. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

c. 70 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1959. "wages councils*\ " commission of inquiry " subst. S. 25(1) rep. in pt. Sch. 1 am Sch. 1 para. 2A added... Sch. 4 rep S. 31 ext 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8. 72, s. 169, sch. 8. 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

S. 32(1X4) am para. 5(n). 62, s. 18(1), sch. 62jS. 18(2), sch. 4 75, s.* 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(n). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(e). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

c. 72 Mental Health Act 1959 S. 33 rep. S. 38, sch. 5 para. 2(6) ext. Sch. 5 para. 2(6)ext. ("the appropriate Minister’’). Ss. 60(1), 65(1), 67(1) am.

c. 73 Legitimacy Act 1959 ... S. 67(2) rep Ss. 67(3X5), 68 am. ... S. 68(3) rep S. 70 am. S. 70(1) am. (Crown Court). S. 70(4) rep Ss. 73(2XaHc), 76(4), 77(1) am. S. 90 am. (prosp.) S. 115(3) rep Sch. 5 rep. in pt. Sch. 7 rep. in pt. S. 3 rep para. 38. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 38. 23, s. 56(4), sch. ii pt. rv. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 38. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 38. 77, s. 30. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n. 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2:

c." 1 Mr. Speaker Morrison’s Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

c. 9 Retirement Act 1959. Judicial Pensions Act S. 3(2) rep para. 3. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

c. 16 1959. Road Traffic Act 1960 ... S. 7(1X2) rep. (saving) ... Ss. 7(3), 9(3) rep. S. 203(3X«) ext. Pt. I. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt. I. 36, s. 1(2).

c. 18 Local Employment Act (1.12.1972). S. 203(4Xa) and proviso rep. (1.12.1972). S. 3 am 36, s. 1(1). 51, s. 2.

1960. S. 21 subst. (1.4.1972) ... 78. s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

cxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Eliz. 2: —cant.

c. 36 Game Laws (Amendment) Act 1960. Ss. 2(1) rep. in pt., 5(2) rep. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 38 Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act 1960. Rep. (except ss. 5(3X4), 6(6X7), 7, 10, 12 (prosp.). S. 6(6X7) am. (prosp.) ... Ss. 7(2), 10 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 12(3) rep. (prosp.). 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11. 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 5. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

c. 44 Finance Act 1960 Ss. 4, 8 rep Sch. 2 Pt. H rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 12, s. 24(2), sch. 38?s. 34.

c. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates Courts) Act 1960. S. 16(1) definition of " drug addict " am. (prosp.).

c. 58 Charities Act 1960 S. 46 definition of " Attorney General " 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II.

c. 61 Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960. rep. S. 82 am. (prosp.) Sch. 4 rep. in pt. 77, s. 30(1). 66, s. 14(2), sch. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 39. 78, s. 5, sch. 3 para. 8.

c. 62 Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960. S. 9(2) am Ss. 17, 20 am. (London) (1.4.1972).

c. 63 Road Traffic and Roads Improvement Act 1960. S. 2 Pensions increase ... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2), sch. 2 para. 51, sch. 3 paras. 1, 20

c. 65 Administration of Justice Act 1960. S. 13 ext S. 13(2)(6) rep. in pt. ... Ss. 13(2X66) added (5Xa), 16 am. Sch. 3 rep. in pt. 32, s. 23(9). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 40. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. III.

9 & 10 Eliz. 2:

c. 15 Post Office Act 1961 ... Sch. rep. in pt 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2

c. 17 Betting Levy Act 1961... S. 9 rep 52, ’ S.L. (Repeals).

c. 33 Land Compensation Act 1961. Excl. (1.4.1972) Ext. (1.4.1972) Am. (prosp.) Appl. (mod.) Ss. 2,4 appl. (1.4.1972)... S. 5 appl. (1.4.1972) ... S. 5 rules (2M4) appl. (mod.) (1.4.1972) rule (5) excl. (1.4.1972). S. 11 ext 78, s. 117(4). 78, s. 118(5). 78, ss. 21(1), 291 (1), sch. 23 Pt. I. 23, s. 28(4), sch. 3 para. 3. 78, ss. 179(2), 240(2). 78, s. 178(1). 78, s. 163(1). 78, s. 239(1). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(o).

CX1V

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Eliz. 2: c. 33—cont. Land Compensation Act Pt. Ill (ss. 17-22) am. 78, s. 5, sch. 3

1961—cont. (London) (1.4.1972). para. 8.

c. 34 Factories Act 1961 S. 21(1) am S. 31 restr. (1.4.1972) ... saved Appl 62, s. 18(1), sch. 3. 78, s. 208. 41, s. 49(3 11, s. 18(lXa).

c. 36 Finance Act 1961 S. 94(2) am S. 138(4) rep. in pt. S. 165 am. (Crown Court) S. 176(1) definition of " bank holiday " rep. S. 1 rep 80, s. 4(2). 48, ss. 11(8), 12 (6), sch. Pt. II. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 80, s. 4(5), sch. 2 Pt. II. 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 38 Court of Chancery of S. 2(1) rep S.2(2H9)rep S. 3 rep S. 9 cont. until 31.8.1972 Ss. 10 rep., 11(1) rep. in pt., sch. 1 rep. Sch. 4 para. 7 subst. ... Rep peals). 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 68, s. 12. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 12, s. 24(1), sch. 6 para. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

c. 39 Lancaster (Amendment) Act 1961. Criminal Justice Act 1961 S. 4(2)(a) am. (temp.) 11 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

c. 40 Consumer Protection S. 3(2) proviso rep., (2A), para. 41. 15, s. 1.

c. 41 Act 1961. Flood Prevention (Scot- (2B) added. S. 3(4) ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

c. 42 land) Act 1961. Sheriffs' Pensions (Scot- S. 1 Pensions increase ... para. 507). 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

c. 52 land) Act 1961. Army and Air Force Act Ss. 8-12 rep para. 8. S.L No. 510.

1961. S. 13(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

c. 55 Crown Estate Act 1961 Ss. 13(1M3) am., 14, 15 rep. Ss. 18-20 rep. {prosp.) S. 23 rep. {prosp.) Ss. 31-34 rep. {prosp.) sch. 2 rep. in pt. {prosp.). Sch. 2 am. Sch. 2 para. 2(a) rep. ... Pt. I. 5.1. No. 510. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 5.1. No. 510. 47, s. 1(4), sch.

c. 62 Trustee Investments Act S. 6 excl. (S.) 8, s. 3(6)(ii).

1961. Sch. l.Pt. II appl. 29, s. 22(1).

Pt. II appl. (S.) ... Pt. II para. 9 appl. Sch. 4 paras. 4, 5 residue rep. 8, s. 3(6)(ii). 29, s. 22(4). 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2.

Effect of Legislation

cxv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 63 Highways (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1961. S. 3 expld S. 13 rep. 41, s. 12(5). 41, s. 86(2), sch.

12.

c. 64 Public Health Act 1961... S. 4 am. (prosp.) 40, s. 11.

S. 6(2) mod. (prosp.) ... 40, s. 15(1).

S. 44(5) rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

S. 49(1) am Sch. 4 am. (1.4.1972) ... 41,*. 25(1). 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23, Pt. H.

10&11 Eliz. 2:

c. 1 Tanganyika Indepen- Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

dence Act 1961. {prosp.). 11.

c. 8 Civil Aviation (Eurocon- S. 4(1) replaced, (2X3X4) 75, s. 69(1), sch.

trol) Act 1962. am. 10 para. 6.

S. 7(3Xff) am 75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 7.

S. 8(1) definition of 75, s. 69(1), sch.

" manager " am. S. 8(3) rep. {prosp.) 10 para. 8. 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11. 10, s. 39(5), sch.

c. 13 Vehicles (Excise) Act Rep. (except s. 25(1), sch.

1962. 7). 8 Pt. I.

c. 15 Criminal Justice Admin- Ss. 2, 3(3)(5), 4-10,14-17 23, s. 56(4), sch.

istration Act 1962. rep. S. 18 rep. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pts. Ill, IV.

S. 21(3) rep., sch. 4 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

in pt. It Pt. TV.

c. 21 Commonwealth Immi- Rep. (except ss. 12(2)(4), 77, s. 34(1), sch.

grants Act 1962. 20(1X3)) (prosp.). S. 12(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 6. 77, s. 34(1), sch. 6. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

c. 28 Housing (Scotland) Act S. 16 rep.

1962. 20.

c. 30 Northern Ireland Act S. 7 ext 62, s. 13(7).

1962. S. 26(1) rep. (saving) ... S. 26(2) rep. (saving) ... S. 26(3) rep. (saving) ... Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. in pt. ... 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt. II. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7. 56, s. 18(5), sch.

8 Pt. II. 62, s. 18(2), sch.

4 Pt. I.

c. 33 HealthVisiting and Social Sch. 1 paras. 1 am., 4 S.I. No. 1241.

Work (Training) Act subst., 7, 8 rep., 10 am.

1962. 11 subst.

c. 37 Building Societies Act S. 117 paras. (/)(i) rep. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

1962. in pt. 14 Pt. VI.

c. 38 Town and Country Plan- Rep. (1.4.1972) (except 78, s. 292(2), sch.

ning Act 1962. ss. 222, 224, 226, sch. 12). 25.

c. 40 Jamaica Independence Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1962. (prosp.). 11.

c. 44 Finance Act 1962 S. l(2Xe) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

S. 4 rep 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

CXV1

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10&11 Eliz. 2:

c. 44—cont. Finance Act 1962—cont. S. 5 rep 10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I. 12, s. 24(2), sch. 78,‘s. 5, sch. 3

Sch. 7 rep. ...

c. 46 Transport Act 1962 ... S. 86(4) am. (London)

(1.4.1972). para. 8.

S. 88 rep. 62, s. 18(2), sch.

4 Pt. I.

c. 47 Education (Scotland) Act Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

1962. S. 3 subst. sch. 2 para. 19. 42, s. 1.

S. 11(1) am 42, s. 2.

S. 53 am. 74,s.2UM3),(5).

S. 53(3X4) appl 74, s. 2(3).

S. 55 restr 74, s. 2(4X5).

c. 51 Licensing (Scotland) Act S. 2(6) rep 65, s. 1.

1962.

c. 54 Trinidad and Tobago Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Independence Act 1962 (prosp.). Sch. 3 para. 12 rep. 11.

c. 57 Uganda Independence 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1962. (prosp.). 11.

c. 58 Pipe-lines Act 1962 Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch.

S. 13 ext. ("operational land "). 5 para. 5(r).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 1(d).

Sch. 1 am. (London) 78, s. 5, sch. 3

(1.4.1972). para. 8. S.I. No. 1335.

c. 59 Road Traffic Act 1962 ... Apptd. day for S. 41 (1.10.1971).

11 & 12 Eliz. 2:

c. 2 Pensions (Increase) Act Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch.

1962. 7.

c. 3 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1963: c. 1 ance Act 1962. peals).

Consolidated Fund Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1963. peals).

c. 2 Betting, Gaming and Excl 26, s. 2(3).

Lotteries Act 1963. S. 5(1)para, (c)added ... 26, s. l(i).

S. 5(1 A) added S. 6(2) subst 26, s. l(ii). 26, s. l(iii).

S. 7(2) am 26, s. l(iv).

S. 16(1)para, (a)subst.... 26, s. l(vX

Pt. HI (ss. 41-47)ext. ... Ss. 42, 47 ext 57, s. 2(5). 57, s. 6(1).

Sch. 1 para. 21 am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

paras. 21(1) am. S.I. No. 1292.

22 rep. para. 23(l)am. ... 23, ss. 51(2), 56

(2), sch. 6 para. 6, sch. 9 Pt. I.

para. 23(2H4) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

rep. 11 Pt. HI.

para. 28 am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

para. 28(2) rep. in S.I. No. 1292.

pt. para. 35 am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

cxvii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1963:

c. 2—cont. Betting, Gaming and r 23, s. 56(2), sch.

Lotteries Act 1963 Sch. 2 para. 6 am. «< 9 Pt. I.

—cont. S.I. No. 1292. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

para. 6 rep. in pt.

HPt.IV.

para. 12(1)ext. ... para. 13 ext. para.21excl. ... para. 29(2) ext. ... Sch. 3 para. 13(2) am. 57, s. 4(3). 57, s. 2(5). 57, s. 4(6). 57, s. 6(1). S.I. No. 1292.

rep. inpt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

Sch. 3 para. 13(2X4) am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

Sch. 3 paras. 14, 15 rep. 26, s. 3, sch.

Sch. 5 para. 9 am. 26, s. l(vi).

Sch. 6 paras. 8-11 am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

Sch. 7 para. 5 am. S.I. No. 1292.

para. 5 am. (Crown Court), para. 5 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

c. 3 Betting Duties Act 1963 S. 3 ext 57, s. 2(5).

c. 8 Consolidated Fund Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

(No. 2) Act 1963. peals).

c. 9 Purchase Tax Act 1963 S. 6 am., (retros 68, s. 5.

S. 23(2) added 68, s. 4(1).

Sch. 1 Pt. I am. S.I. Nos. 155,

731, 1078, 1145, 1166,

1781.

c. 12 Local Government S. 14(4) added 39, s. 9(b).

(Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1963.

c. 17 Town and Country Plan- Ss. 1,3,4(1M3), sch. rep. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

ning Act 1963. (1.4.1972). 25.

c. 19 Local Employment Act S. 2 rep 51, s. 2(9).

1963.

c. 21 Education (Scotland) Act Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

1963. sch. 2 para. 19. 58, s. 46(2), sch.

c. 22 Sheriff Courts (Civil Ss. 1, 2 rep ( p.).

Jurisdiction and Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1963. 2 Pt. II.

c. 24 British Museum Act 1963 Sch. 3 Pt. I para. 7 added S.I. No. 82.

c. 25 Finance Act 1963 S. 8 rep 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 52, S.L. (Re-

c. 26 Appropriation Act 1963 Rep

i peals).

c. 28 Oil in Navigable Waters Rep. {prosp.) 60, s. 33(1), sch.

Act 1963.

c. 29 Local Authorities (Land) S. 12(2)rep. (1.4.1972) ... 78, 292(2), sch.

Act 1963. 25.

c. 33 London Government Act S. 5(l)excl. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 5, sch. 3

1963. para. 5.

S. 21 am. (prosp.) 78, ss. 21(1), 29

(1), sch. 23 Pt.

cxviii Effect Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1963: c. 33—cont. London Government Act S. 21(4X«X0 am. (1.4. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

1963—cont. 1972). 23 Pt. II.

i c. 35 Malaysia Act 1963 S. 22(4) am Ss. 24-29 rep. (1.4.1972) Ss. 45,46(1), 47,49 am.... S. 53(2X3) rep S. 85(3) ext. (1.4.1972)... S. 85(3X4) am. (1.4.1972), (4) rep. in pt. (1.4.1972). S. 85(4) Pensions increase Sch. 6 para. 20 rep. paras. 42, 44 rep. Sch. 12 para. 19(2) am. (Crown Court). Sch. 14 paras. 1, 10, sch. 17 para. 2(a) am. Sch. 2 para. 2 rep. {prosp.) 5.1. No. 1732. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25. 5.1. No. 1732. 26, s. 3, sch. 78, s. 5, sch. 3 para. 6. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 paras. 23, 33, 52, 55. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 5.1. No. 1732. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

c. 37 Children and Young S. 19 rep. 11. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

c. 38 Persons Act 1963. Water Resources Act S. 50 rep. Sch. 3 paras. 28,51 rep.... S. 1(4) ext 11 Pt. IV. 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 34, s. 2(3).

1963. S.46(5M7)appl. 34, s. 1(3).

c. 41 Offices, Shops and Rail- S. 71(4) am. (1.4.1972)... S. 71(5) rep. in pt (1.4. 1972). S. 81(3) appl. (mod.) ... S. 81(4H6) appl. S. 120 am S. 123(5)am. (1.4.1972)... Ss. 132(4), 133(1) am. ... Sch. 8 paras. 3-6 appl. (mod.). Appl 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25. 34, s. 1(4). 34, s. 1(4). 34, s. 2(3). 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23, Pt. II. 34, s. 2(3). 34, s. 1(2), sch. 11, s. 18(1X6).

way Premises Act 1963. S. 29(9A) added {prosp.). 40, s. 33(1).

c. 42 Dog Racing (Betting (10) subst. {prosp.), (12) added {prosp.). S. 69 rep. in pt. S. 72 am. (Crown Court) S. 83(3) am. {prosp.) ... Rep 48, ss. 11(8), 12 (6), sch. Pt. II. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 40, s. 33(2). 26, s. 3, sch.

c. 47 Days) Act 1963. Limitation Act 1963 ... S. 1(3) am 43, s. 1(1).

S. 3 replaced S. 7(2) rep S. 7(4) am 43, s. 2(1), sch. 1 Pt. I. 43, s. 1(2). 43, s. 2(2).

Effect of Legislation

cxix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1963:

c. 47—cont. Limitation Act 1963 S. 8(2) am. 43, s. 2(3).

—cont. S. 8(3) am 43, s. 1(1).

S. 9 subst 43, s. 2(3), sch. 1

Pt. II.

S. 13(2) rep 43, s. 1(2).

c. 49 Contracts of Employment S. 1(1) am .(prosp. 72, s. 19(1).

Act 1963. S.l(lXc) am. (prosp.), 72, s. 19(2).

(e) added (prosp.). S. 1(2) am. (prosp.) 72, s. 19(1).

Ss. 1(3X4), 2(1X2) am. 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

(prosp.). S. 4 appl. (mod.) Pt. I para. 2. 11, s. 10(2).

S. 4(1H9) reprinted as 72, s. 21(2), sch. 2

am. (prosp.). Pt. II.

S. 4(1 X<fXO subst. (prosp.) 72, s. 20(1).

S. 4(8) replaced (prosp.)... 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 3.

S. 4A(l)ext 11, s. 10(3).

S. 4A(7) am. (prosp.). 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

(7A)(7B)added (prosp.). Pt. I para. 4.

S. 8(1) am. (prosp.) 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

Pt. I. para. 5

Sch. 1 appl. (prosp.) 72, s. 151(1)

para. 1(1) am. 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

(prosp.). Pt. I para. 6.

para. 10(2) ext. ... 11, s. 10(4).

Sch. 2 para. 3A added 72, s. 21(1), sch. 2

(prosp.). Pt. I para. 7.

c. 51 Land Compensation S. 18 ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

(Scotland) Act 1963. para. 5(s).

S. 39 excl 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix B para. 2.

c. 54 Kenya Independence Act Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

1963. (prosp.). 11.

c. 55 Zanzibar Act 1963 Sch. 1 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

(prosp.). 11.

c. 58 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

ance Act 1963. peals).

CA.M.

No. 2 Cathedrals Measure 1963 Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

1964:

c. 1 Consolidated Fund Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1964. peals).

c. 11 Navy, Army and Air S. 2(1)(6) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 64(2).

Force Reserves Act 1964.

c. 14 Plant Varieties and Seeds S. 10(2) am 62, s. 18(1), sch.

Act 1964. 3.

S. 12 rep. 62, s. 18(2), sch.

4 Pt. I.

c. 15 Defence (Transfer of S. 1(5) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 33, s. 51.

Functions) Act 1964.

c. 17 Consolidated Fund (No. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

2) Act 1964. peals).

cxx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1964—cont. c. 21 ... c. 24 ...

c. 26 ...

Television Act 1964 ...

Trade Unions (Amalgamations, etc.) Act 1964.

Licensing Act 1964

S. 13(4) Table subst. ...

Ss. 1(1) am., (1A) added, (2H6), 2-5 am.

S. 4(8) am

S. 4(11) rep

Ss. 5,6(1) am., (2) subst., (3) am.

Ss. 7(lXc) rep. in pt., 8 rep.

Ss. 9(1) am. (all definitions subst.), 10(2) am., sch. 1, sch. 2 paras. 1, 2(1), 4 am.

Expld. (transfer to Lancashire of remainder of Stockport).

Pt. I (ss. 1-38) ext. ...

S. 11(4) mod

S. 16(l)(c) am

Ss. 20(5), 21-25 am. (Crown Court).

S. 21(3) rep

S. 22(1) am., (3) rep. in pt.

S. 23(1 )(2) rep

Ss. 24 rep., 25(1) rep. in pt.

S. 25(1) am

S.25(2M4)rep

S. 27(3)(4) am. (Crown Court).

S. 28(3X6) am

S. 38(e) rep. in pt.

S. 50 am. (Crown Court)

Pts. m (ss. 59-92), IV (ss. 93-101) ext.

Pt. V (ss. 102-107) Power to rep.

am. ...

S. 103 rep

Ss. 146, 154 am. (Crown Court).

S. 154(2) rep

S. 193(1) mod

S. 200(1) rep. in pt.

S.I. No. 309.

72, s. 169, sch. 8.

72,8. 115(2).

72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

72, s. 169, sch. 9.

72, s. 169, sch. 8.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 42(3).

65, s. 2(3).

65, s. 2(5).

23, s. 53(4), sch.

7 para. 6.

23, s. 56(2), sch.

9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

5.1. No. 1292.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

5.1. No. 1292.

23, s. 51(2), sch.

6 para. 7.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. III.

23, s. 56(2), sch.

9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 42(1). 23, ss. 53(4), 56

(4), sch. 7 para. 7, sch. 11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(2), sch.

9 Pt. I.

65, s. 2(3).

65, s. 5(1).

65,s.2(lX2).

65, s. 1.

23, s. 56(2), sch.

9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 42(2). 65, s. 1.

Effect of Legislation

cxxi

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1964:

c. 26—cont. Licensing Act 1964—cont. Sch. 3 para. 1(1) am. ... 23, s. 53(4), sch. 7 para. 8(1).

para. 1(2) replaced 23, s. 53(4), sch. 7 para. 8(2).

1 para. 2 am. 23, s. 53(4). sch. 7 para. 8(3).

para. 3 subst. ... 23, s. 53(4), sch.

7 para. 8(4).

para. 4 am. 23, s. 53(4), sch.

7 para. 8(5).

Sch. 9 Power to rep. ... 65, s. 5(1).

Sch. 11 paras. 12, 13(1), 23, s. 53(4), sch.

14 am. 7 para. 9.

para. 14 rep. in 23, ss. 53(4), 56

pt. (4), sch. 7 para. 9(3), sch. 11 Pt.

IV.

c. 29 Continental Shelf Act S. 3 am. (prosp.) SSSf*

1964. S. 3(2) mod (prosp.)

S. 5 rep. (prosp.) 60, s. 33(1), sch.

c. 40 Harbours Act 1964 S. 52(2)am. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

Schs. 3, 5 ext 75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para 5(/).

c. 41 Succession (Scotland) Act S. 14(2) am 25, s. 6(2).

1964. S. 32(2)(6) am 25, s. 7, sch. 1

para. 5.

c. 42 Administration of Justice Ss. 1 rep., 2(3X4) rep, in 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1964. pt. 4-8, 10(5 rep., 13(2) rep. in pt. 11 Pt. IV.

S. 13(5) subst 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 43(1).

S.21(3X4X5)(6Xc)(7M9) 23, s. 56(4), sch.

rep. 11 Pt. I.

S. 22(2 )(a)(b)replaced ... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

Ss. 23,25(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt. (3X4) rep., 26 para. 43(2). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

rep. in pt. S. 28(1) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 43(3).

S. 28(2Xu) excl. (Crown 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

Courts). para. 43(4).

S. 28(2X3) rep. in pt., 29, 23, s. 56(4), sch.

34,35, schs. 1,2, sch. 3 11 Pt. IV.

paras. 11,14,17 rep. Sch. 3 para. 21 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.III.

paras. 22(1)(2), 23 (1), 28 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

para. 31 (2)(3) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. III. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Sch. 4 rep

11 Pt. IV.

c. 46 Malawi Independence Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1964. (prosp.). 11.

Effect of Legislation

cxxii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1964—cont.

c. 48 Police Act 1964 S. 2(2X6) am 23, s. 53(5).

S. 10 Pensions increase... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

sch. 2 para. 51

sch. 3 paras. 1, 2

Ss. 34, 35, Pensions in- 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

crease. para. 43(6).

Sch. 8 rep. in pt. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 49 Finance Act 1964 S. 5(2X3) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

S. 6 rep 12^ s. 24(2), sch.

1 S. 7(2) proviso am. 68, s. 9.

S. 8(2Xc) am. (prosp.) ... 68, s. 3(5).

S. 9 rep S. 11 rep. 52, S.L. (Repeals). 10, s. 39(5), sch. 8

Pt. I.

Sch. 6 rep 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

c. 51 Universities and College Sch. 3 rep. in pt. (1.4.

Estates Act 1964. 1972). 25.

c. 56 Housing Act 1964 Ss. 3(9), 107(c) rep. ... 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

c. 60 Emergency Laws (Re- S. 4(2) am S.I. No. 422.

enactments and Re- S. 17(2) rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals) Act 1964. peals).

c. 62 Appropriation Act 1964 Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 64 Drugs (Prevention of Rep. {prosp.) 38, s. 39(2), sch.

Misuse) Act 1964. 6.

c. 65 Zambia Independence Act Sch. 1 para. 12 rep. in pt. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

1964. (prosp.). 11.

c. 71 Trading Stamps Act 1964 S. 7(4) rep. in pt. 48, ss. 11(8), 12

(6), sch. Pt. II.

c. 76 Malicious Damage Act Rep 48, s. 11(8), sch.

1964. Pt. I.

c. 81 Diplomatic Privileges S. 3(1) am 64, s. 1(3).

Act 1964. S. 5(1) rep. (prosp.) ... S. 7, sch. 1 art. 36 para. 1, 77, s. 34(1), sch. 64, s. 1(1).

art. 37. para. 1 ext.

c. 82 Education Act 1964 ... Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

c. 83 New Forest Act 1964 ... S. 3(6) am sch. 2 para. 19. 41, s. 34(2).

c. 84 Criminal Procedure (In- S. 5(4) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

sanity) Act 1964. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 86 Malta Independence Act Sch. 2 para. 12 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

1964. (prosp.). 11.

c. 87 Shipping Contracts and S. 2(1) am., (2) rep. ... S.I. No. 712.

Commercial Documents Act 1964.

c. 92 Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 S. 2 rep 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

c. 93 Gambia Independence Sch. 2 para. 11 rep.

Act 1964. (prosp.). 11.

c. 94 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

ance Act 1964. peals).

Effect of Legislation

cxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1964—cont.

c. 97 Protection from Eviction Act 1964. S. 5 rep 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 98 Ministers of the Crown Act 1964. Sch. 1 paras. 5-7 appl. (mod.). Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 5.1. No. 719. 5.1. No. 719.

1965:

c. 1 Consolidated Fund Act 1965. Rep 52. S.L. (Repeals).

c.2 Administration of Justice Act 1965. S. 11 rep. S. 19 rep. S. 20(3) ext S. 31 saved 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II. 43, s. 5(1). 32, s. 4(2). 43, s. 5(3).

c. 4 Science and Technology Act 1965. S. 5(1) rep. in pt. and am. S.I. No. 719.

c. 7 Education (Scotland) Act 1965. Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1), sch. 2 para. 19.

c.8 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act 1965. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

C.11 Ministerial Salaries and Members’ Pensions Act 1965. S. 17 rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

c. 12 Industrial and Provident S. 31 saved 29, s. 16(3).

Societies Act 1965. S. 34(4) rep. in pt. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

c. 15 Dangerous Drugs Act 1965. Rep. (prosp.) 38, s. 39(2), sch. 6.

c. 16 Airports Authority Act 1965. S. 9(3) am S. 13(4) am S. 14 rep. (prosp.) S. 15(1X3X4X6) am. ... Ss. 17(6X7Xd), 18 am. (1.4.1972). S. 18(1X4) am S. 19(1) am. (1.4.1972)... 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 9. 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 10. 75, s, 69(2), sch. 11. 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 11. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II. 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 12. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

c. 19 Teaching Council (Scotland) Act 1965. S. 6(5A) added S. 17(1) definitions of " approved school " replaced, " teach " am. 2, s. 4, sch. para. 2, .s. 4, sch. para. 2.

c. 23 Appropriation Act 1965 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 25 Finance Act 1965 Ss. 5 residue rep., 6,7 rep. S. 8 rep S. 17(15) rep S. 21(1X2X4) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973). 10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt L 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7) sch. 14 Pt.IV. 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7) sch. 14 Pt. n.

CXX1V

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1965: c. 25—cont.

Finance Act 1965—cont.

S. 22(4) excl. ...

S. 24(1) subst. ...

Ss. 24(2M4), 24A rep

(1.4.1971) .

S. 24(9) am. ...

S. 25(3X4) appl....

S. 25(4) am. ...

S. 25(4A) added

S. 25(5X5AX6X7) rep,

(1.4.1971) , (12) rep. in pt. (1.4.1971), (13) rep,

(1.4.1971) .

S.25A added ...

S. 26 subst.

S. 27(2) rep. in pt.

S. 27(3) excl. ...

S. 30(6) excl. ...

S. 31(1) rep. in pt., (2) rep. (1.4.1971).

S. 31(3X6) excl.

Ss. 31(4), 32(1) rep. in pt.

(1.4.1971) , (2) rep. (1.4. 1971).

S. 33(1) rep. in pt. (4) rep.

Ss. 34(4) rep. in pt.

(1.4.1971) .

S. 38(2) am

S. 44(2) proviso rep.

(1.4.1971) .

S. 45(1) definition of

" legatee " am.

S. 45(1) am

S. 45(10) rep. in pt.

(1.4.1971) .

Sch. 5 Pt. V. rep.

Sch. 6 appl. (mod.)

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 3.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 1.

68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12, para. 2.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 10.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 paras. 7-9. 68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 12.

68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 14(1). 68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 15.

68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

68, s. 56(2), sch.

10 para. 4(1). 68, s. 57(4), sch.

11 para. 8(2). 68, ss. 59(1), 69.

(7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 13.

68, ss. 59(1), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, ss. 60, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII. 68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, 21(6), sch. 3 para. 10.

68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 4.

68, s. 59(1), sch.

12 para. 4.

68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7) sch. 14 Pt. V.

10, s. 39(5), sch.

8 Pt. I.

68, s. 55(5), sch.

9 para. 5.

Effect of Legislation

cxxv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 25—cont. Finance Act 1965— Sch. 6 para. 3 rep. (except sub-paragraphs (5X7) (8)). 68, ss. 56(3X4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. TV.

para. 6(4Xn) am. 68, s. 49, sch. 8

(7) added. para. 16(1).

para. lOexcl. 68, s. 58(3).

para. 14(5) appl. 68, s. 57(4) sch.

11 para. 6.

para. 16(1) rep.. 68, ss. 59(1), 69

\ (2X6) rep. in pt. (7), sch. 14 Pt.

(1.4.1971). V.

para. 18 am. (6.4. 68, s. 37(1), sch.

1971). 6 para. 91.

paras. 22(6), 26(3) 68, s. 56(2), sch.

ext. 10 para. 5.

para. 26(5) rep. ... 68, ss. 56(3X4),

j 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

Sch. 7 para. 2 restr. ... 68, s. 56(2). sch.

10 para. 5.

para. 2(4) rep. ... 68, ss. 56(3)(4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

para. 5(2) excl. ... 68, s. 56(2), sch.

10 para. 4(1).

para. 14(2Xa)appl. 68, s. 57(4), sch.

11 para. 7.

para. 14(3) excl.... 68, s. 58(2).

para. 14(4) excl.... 68, s. 58(3).

para. 17(3) ext.... 68, s. 56(2), sch.

10 para. 2.

para. 20(2X6) ... 68, s. 59(1), sch.

subst. 12 para. 5.

Sch. 10 para. 3(2) appl. paras. 4(1) rep. in pt. (1.4.1971), (3) rep., 68, s. 57(3). 68, ss. 59(1), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt.

(1.4.1971), 12(2) rep. in pt. (1.4.1971), (3) V.

c. 32 Administration of Estates rep. (1.4.1971). S. 60) am 29 s. 9(2).

(Small Payments) Act Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. (prosp.) 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

1965. Sch. 1 Pt. II rep. in pt.... Sch. 3 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2. 72, s. 169, sch. 9.

c. 33 Control of Office and In- Ss. 1-16, 18,19 rep. (E.) 78, s. 292(2), sch.

dustrial Development Act 1965. (1.4.1972), 20, 22(1), 23, 24, 25(1H4) rep. 25.

(1.4.1972), 26(2) rep.

in pt. (1.4.1972) schs. 1-3 rep. (1.4.1972).

c. 34 British Nationality Act S. 2(3) rep. (prosp.) 77, s. 34(1) sch. 6.

1965.

c. 36 Gas Act 1965 Ss. 4(6), 28(1) definitions of " local planning 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

t authority ", " planning permission ", sch. 3 paras. 3, 7(2), 9(a) am. (1.4.1972).

CXXVI

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 36—cont.

c. 46 ...

c. 48 ... c. 51 ...

Gas Act 1965—cont.

Highlands and Islands Development (Scotland) Act 1965.

Trade Disputes Act 1965 National Insurance Act 1965.

Sch.6 ext

ext. ("the appropriate Minister ").

S. 10(4) ext

ext. (" the appropriate Minister ’*).

Rep. (prosp.)

Power to ext. (prosp.) ...

S. 4(1 Xc) am

S. 8(2) am

S. 10(lXflXiiiX2) am. ... Pt. II (ss. 17-55) restr. ... S. 17(66)(666X#) added

S. 18(1) am

S. 19(2) am

S. 19(6) rep. in pt.

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(w).

75,s.l8(l), sch. 5 para. 6(r).

75,s.l8(l), sch. 5 para. 5(v).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6.

72, s. 169, sch. 9.

50, s. 12.

50, s. 1(3).

73, s. 8.

50, s. 1(4).

50, s. 5(4).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 2.

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(6).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(1).

73, ss. 7(1), 11(6), sch. 2 Pt. II.

S. 20(1X2) am

S. 22(3)(4) am

Ss. 24(1), 26(1), 27(1), 28(1), 29(1), 30(1) am.

S. 30(7) subst

S. 31(1) am

S. 32(1) am

S. 34(1 X*X6) am.

S. 38 am.

S. 40(1) am

S. 40(3X4) am. ... S. 41(3) am. ...

S. 43(1) am. ...

rep. in pt.

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(aX6).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(a).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(1).

50, s. 2(2).

50, s. 2(3).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(1).

50, s. 2(3).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(1).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 paras. 3(c), 4 (2).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(2).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(c).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 4(3).

50, s. 16(3), sch. 7.

S. 43(2Xn) subst. S. 43(4)(5) rep. ...

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 5(1).

50, s. 16(3), sch. 7.

S. 43(7) am.

S. 43A added ... S. 48 excl.

S. 52(2Xa)am. ...

S. 54(1) am. ...

S. 55(3) am. ...

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(c).

. 50, s. 4.

. 50, s. 5(3).

. 50, s. 14, sch. 5

para. 3(6).

. 50, s. 14, sch. 5

para. 3(a).

. 50, s. 14, sch. 5

para. 5(2).

Effect of Legislation cxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1965: c. 51.

National Insurance Act 1965—cont.

c. 52 ...

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965.

c. 53 ... c. 56 ...

Family Allowances Act 1965.

Compulsory Purchase Act 1965.

S. 67(1X6) am

S. 77(3) rep. in pt.

S. 79 Pensions increase..

S. 82 am.

S. 83(1X6X0 excl.

S. 90 am.

S. 102(3Xc) am.

Ss. 105, 106 (except subs (1) (5)), 109 am.

S. 113(1) rep.

Sch. 1 subst

Sch. 3 subst

Sch. 9 para. 3 rep. in pt

Sch. 11 para. 11(1) am...

Power to ext. {prosp.)

S. 3(4) am

S. 5(1 A) added ...

S. 13A added ...

S. 15(2) proviso rep.

S. 17(1) am

S. 18(1X6) subst.

S. 18(3AX3B) added .

S. 19(3) am

S. 29(2) am. ...

S. 30A added ...

S. 55 am.

S. 86(5) rep. (prosp.)

Sch. 2 Pt. I subst.

Sch. 3 subst

Sch. 6 para. 3 rep. in pt

Power to ext. (prosp.) . S. 17(9) rep. (prosp.) .

Mod. (1.4.1972)

Appl. (mod.) ... *1

Pt. I (ss. 1-32) appl. (mod.).

appl.

appl.

(1.4.1972).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(a).

73, s. 11(6), sch. 2 Pt. I.

56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 26.

62, s. 18(1), sch. 3.

50, s. 13(1).

73, s. 4(2).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(6).

73, s. 6.

50, s. 16(3), sch.

50, s. 1(1), sch. 1.

50, ss. 2(1), 3, 5, sch. 2.

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 3(a).

50, s. 12.

73, s. 8.

50, s. 8(2).

50, s. 9.

50, ss. 10(2), 16 (3), sch. 7.

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 6(1).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 7.

50, s. 8(3).

50, s. 8(4).

50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 6(2).

50, s. 10(1).

62, s. 18(1), sch. 3.

50, s. 16(3), sch. 7.

50, s. 7(1), sch. 3.

50, s. 8(1), sch. 4.

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

50, s. 12.

50, s. 16(3), sch. 7.

78, s. 132(4).

23, s. 28(4), sch. 3 para. 3.

41, ss. 47(6), 52

(2).

41, s. 47(7), sch. 6 Pt. II.

75, s. 14(3).

78, s. 119(3).

Effect of Legislation

cxxviii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 56—cont. Compulsory Purchase S. 1(4) am. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

Act 1965—cont. S. 7 appl. (1.4.1972) ... 23Pt.H. 78, s. 127(3).

S. 8 excl 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 appendix A

para. 3.

saved (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 202(2).

S. 10 ext. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 121(4).

appl. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 127(3).

S. 10(3) am. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 11(1) excl 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix A para. 1.

S. 12(3) am. (Crown Court). S. 18 ext. (mod.) 23. s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix A para. 15.

S. 19 appl. (mod.) 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

appendix A para. 16.

S. 22. sch. 2 excl. 18, s. 60), sch. 2

appendix A para. 14.

Schs. 6. 7 rep. in pt. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

c. 57 Nuclear Installations Act S. 2(1) rep. in pt. and am.. 11, s. 17(1).

1965. (1AH1D) added. S. 2(2) am 11, s. 17(2).

S. 12(4X«) rep. (prosp.)... 19, s. 6(3 K

S. 22(5) am ll,s. 17(3).

S. 24 ext 11, s. 23(6).

S. 27(1) am 11, s. 17(4).

S. 27(7) am Sch. 1 added, sch. as 11, s. 17(5). 11, s. 17(6), sch.

originally enacted now Sch. 2.

Sch. 1 paras. 2, 4-6 appl. 11, s. 19(1).

c. 58 Ministerial Salaries Con- S. 3 Pensions increase ... 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

solidation Act 1965. S. 3(3) rep. in pt. para. 1. 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7. S.I. No. 719.

Sch. 1 rep. in pt.

c. 59 New Towns Act 1965 ... Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 5(w).

(" the appropriate 75, s. 18(1), sch.

Minister "). 5 para. 6(1).

("operational land") 75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 7(e).

S. 6(2)(3) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 43 am. 81, s. 1(1).

S. 54(1) definitions of 78, s. 291(1), sch.

"local planning auth- 23 Pt. II.

ority ", " planning permission ", sch. 10 para. 3(3)(o) am. (1.4.1972).

Effect of Legislation

cxxix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965—cont.

c.61 Judges* Remuneration S. 1A added 23, s. 56(1), sch.

Act 1965. 8 para. 44.

c. 62 Redundancy Payments Excl ll,s. 10(1). 72, s. 150(2).

Act 1965. Power to mod

S. 1(2) appl. (pros®.) ... S. 21 para. (dadded ... 72, s. 24(7). 72, s. 150(3).

S. 24 Power to appl. 72, s. 151(3).

(mod.) (prosp.). S. 460M4) rep. <j>rosp.) superseded (prosp.)... 72, s. 169, sch. 9. 72, s. 100(2), sch. 6. 72, s. 162(6).

Sch.3 excl

c. 66 Hire-Purchase Act 1965 S. 50 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 10, s. 39(5), sch.

Sch. 5 rep. in pt.

8 Pt. I.

c, 67 Hire-Purchase (Scotland) S. 48(2X3) rep. (prosp.) 58, s. 46(2), sch.

Act 1965. 2 Pt. n. 10, s. 39(5), sch.

Sch. 5 rep. in pt.

8 Pt. I.

c. 69 Criminal Procedure (At- Power to appl 23, s. 56(1), sch.

tendance of Witnesses) 8 para. 20(2).

Act 1965. Ss. 1(1), 2(1X2) am. ... 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 45(1) (2).

S. 3(3) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 4(2) am 23, s. 56(1), sch.

Ss. 5, 6, 7(1) rep. 8 para. 45(4). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 8 ext Sch. 1 para. 1 am. 23, s. 4(8). 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 45(5).

Sch. 1 paras. 1, 2, sch. 2 Pt. I rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 70 Honourable Lady Pensions increase 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Hylton-Fosters’ Annuity Act 1965. para. 3.

c. 72 Matrimonial Causes Act Ss. 6(1 Xc) rep* (as appl. 44, s. 7(3).

1965. by ss. 10,14), 7 rep. in pt. (as appl. by ss. 10, 14). S. 9 rep (saving) S. 14 expld S. 40(1 Xfl) am 44, ss. 3(4), 7(3). 44, s. 6(2). 44, s. 7(2). 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

c. 74 Superannuation Act 1965 Pensions increase

19(2Xfl), sch. 2 paras. 4, 31.

S. 101 rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(5), sch.

8 Pt. II.

Sch. 8 am S.I. No. 1648.

c. 75 Rent Act 1965 Pts. I (ss. 1-20), H (ss. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

21-29) rep. 20.

Ss. 22, 24 Pensions in- 56, ss. 5(1), 7(2),

crease. sch. 2 para. 63, sch. 3 paras. 1, 2.

Ss. 32(1X4), 34 am. (S.) 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. U.

T

cxxx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 75—cont. Rent Act 1965—cont. Pt. IV (ss. 37-42), ss. 43, 46 rep. 47(1) rep. (S.) (2), 50 rep., 51, 52(1) rep. (S.), (2), schs. 1-5 rep., sch. 6 paras. 3-9, 11-14, sch. 7 Pts. I rep., II rep. (S.). 28, s. 135(5), sch. 20.

c. 76 Southern Rhodesia Act 1965. S. 2 cont. until 16.11.1972 S.I. No. 1847.

c. 77 Expiring Laws Continuance Act 1965. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 78 Pensions (Increase) Act 1965. Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch. 7.

c. 80 Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act 1965. Rep 49, s. 2(2).

c. 82 Coal Industry Act 1965 S. 1 ext S.l(lX2)am.,(2A)added, (4) am. S. 3(3X</)appl. (mod.) ... 16, s. 9(2). 16, s. 4(1). 16, s. 1(4).

1966:

c. 1 Consolidated Fund Act 1966. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 3 Appropriation Act 1966 Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 4 Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act 1966. Power to appl. (mod.) (E.) (1.4.1972). Sch. 2 para. 3 rep. (E.) (1.4.1972). 78, s. 265. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25.

c. 6 National Insurance Act 1966. S. 2(4Xfl) subst. S. 2(7A) added S. 4(1) am S. 5(2X6) rep. in pt. S. 6(1) am S. 13(3) rep 50, s. 6(1). 50, s. 6(2). 50, s. 6(3). 73, ss. 7(2), 11(6), sch. 2 Pt. II. 50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 8. 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I.

• c. 8 National Health Service Act 1966. S. 6(3) am S.I. No. 382.

c. 10 Commonwealth Secretariat Act 1966. Sch. para. 4 ext. 64, s. 1(1).

c. 12 Post Office Savings Bank Act 1966. Rep 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2.

c. 14 Guyana Independence Act 1966. Sch. 2 para. 11 rep 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11.

c. 18 Finance Act 1966 S. 6 rep S. 8 rep S. 11(4) saved S. 11(5) am S. 42(3) rep. (1.4.1971) ... 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I. 68, s. 11, sch. 1 para. 14(2). 68, s. 11, sch. 1 para 5(5). 68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 12 para. 14(2), sch. 14 Pt. V.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1966:

c. 18—cont. Finance Act 1966—cont. S.44dXflH<f)subst. ... Sch. 2 para. 4 rep. Sch. 8 para. 5(lXc)(</) appl. Sch. 10 paras. 1(2X4) rep. pt. (1.4.1971), 5 rep. (1.4.1971) . para. 10(2X6) am. para. 10(4) rep. (1.4.1971) . 68, s. 63(1). 12, s. 24(2), sch. 66, s. 10(3). 68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V. 68, s. 59(1), sch. 12 para. 16. 68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7) sch. 14 Pt. V.

c. 20 Ministry of Social Security Act 1966. Power to appl. (mod.) ... S. 8 restr. (3.4.1972) ... S. 16(1) am. S. 16(1 A) added S. 17(1) am. (3.4.1972) ... S. 27 rep Sch. 2 para. 4(1X6) excl. (3.4.1972). paras. £, 10 subst. para. 10A added paras. 11 subst., 12A added, 13 (1X6), 14(1), 17 am. para. 23 am. para. 23(2) added para.24(2XaX6X3) (a) am. para. 25A added Sch. 6 para. 16 rep. 73, s. 5(2). 73, s. 2(2). 50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 10(1). 73, s. 3. 73, s. 2(6). 73, ss. 9, 11(6), sch. 2 Pt. I. 73, s. 2(10). 5.1. No. 1054. 73, s. 1(2). 5.1. No. 1054. 73, s. l(3)(a). 73, s. 1(3X6). 50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 10(2). 73, s. 1(4). 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 21 Overseas Aid Act 1966 ... S. 1(1) ext 16, 3. 5(1).

c. 23 Botswana Independence Sch. para. 11 rep. in pt. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1966. (prosp.). 11.

c. 24 Lesotho Independence Sch. para. 12 rep. in pt. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1966. (prosp.). 11.

c. 26 Appropriation (No. 2) Act 1966. Rep 52, S.L. (Repeals).

c. 27 Building Control Act 1966. S. 6(1 )(a) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

c. 30 Reserve Forces Act 1966 S. 17(5) Pensions increase S. 21(1) definition of " man " rep. in pt. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 37. 33, ss. 75, 77(1), sch. 3 para. 6, sch. 4 Pt. n.

c. 31 Criminal Appeal Act 1966. S. 1(3) rep. in pt. S. 3(1), sch. 2 para. 5 rep. 23, s. 56(1X4), sch. 8 para. 46 sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

c. 32 Selective Employment Sch. 1 Pt. I paras. 26, 27 75, s. 69(1), sch.

Payments Act 1966. added. 10 para. 13. T2

cxxxii

Effect of Legislation

1 Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1966:—cont.

c. 34 Industrial Development Pt.I(ss. 1-14) ext. 11, s. 16(1).

Act 1966. excl. 51, s. 1.

Ss.7(lX*)(2),ll,12,rep. 51, s. 1(8).

Ss. 17 rep., 21(4) rep. in 51,s.2(9).

pt.

Pt. HI (ss. 22-27) rep. (E.) (1.4.1972), s. 31(3) rep. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25.

in pt. (1.4.1972). Sch. 2 am 75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 15.

Sch.3rep.inpt.(1.4.1972). 78, s. 292(2), sch.

25.

c. 35 Family Provision Act Sch. 3, s. 5(1) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

1966. 11 Pt. n.

c. 37 Barbados Independence Sch. 2 para. 11 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1966. (prosp.). 11.

c. 38 Sea Fisheries Regulation S. 21(7) rep. (prosp.) 60, s. 33(1), sch.

Act 1966.

c. 39 Land Registration Act S. 1(3) rep 54, s. 14(2

1966. S. 1(4) rep sch. 2 Pt. H. 54, ss. 3(1), 14(2)

(a),sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 40 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

ance Act 1966. peals).

c. 42 Local Government Act 1966. S. 3(1) mod. ... { 23, s. 55(4). 74, s. 3(1).

S. 3(4) saved ... / 23, s. 55(4). 74, s. 3(1).

S. 7 rep. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 292(2), sch.

25.

Ss. 8(5), 9(4), 37 am. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

(1.4.1972). 23 Pt. II.

c. 43 Tribunals and Inquiries Rep 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4

Act 1966. Pt. I.

c. 45 Armed Forces Act 1966 S. 1 rep 33, s. 1(6).

S. 2 Power to rep. (prosp.) S. 8(2) rep. (prosp.) 33, s. 64(1). 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

Pt. I.

S. 9(3) am. (prosp.) 33, s. 63(2).

S. 14(1) definition of 33, s. 75, sch. 3

" rating " am. (prosp.). para. 7.

Ss. 15(7) rep. in pt. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4

(prosp.), 21, 22, 27(1) Pt. I.

rep. (prosp.), 28(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 32 rep.

c. 49 Housing (Scotland) Act (prosp.). Ss. 95(3) rep. in pt. and 28, s. 135(2), sch.

1966. am., 122(4), 123(3) am. 18 Pt. n.

S. 190(2)(4) appl. 28, s. 123(2).

S. 208(1) definition of 28, s. 135(5), sch.

" the Rent Acts " rep. 20.

Sch. 6 para. 2 am. 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. II.

c. 50 Industrial Reorganisation Rep 17, ss. 1(1), 3(2),

Act 1966. sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 51 Local Government S. 4(1) mod. ... | 42, s. 3.

(Scotland) Act 1966. 74, s. 3(2).

S. 4(1) mod. (prosp.) ... 58, s. 44(3).

Effect of Legislation

cxxxiii

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1966:

c. 51—cont. Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966. S. 4(4) saved ... 42, s. 3. 74, s. 3(2).

—cont. S. 4(4) saved (prosp.) ... 58, s. 44(3).

S. 35(1X2) appl. (mod.) 58, s. 24(5).

(prosp.). S. 35(3) appl. (prosp.) ... 58, s. 24(5).

1967:

c 1 Land Commission Act Power to rep 18, s. 5.

1967. Pt. I (ss. 1-5) rep. 18, ss. 1(4), 2(1),

sch. 1 Pt. III.

Ss. 6 rep., 7(1) rep. in pt., 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

(2H4), 8 rep. Pt. II.

Ss. 12(2)(3) rep., (5) rep. 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

in pt., 13 rep. Pt. III.

S. 14 am. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 16(1) rep. in pt., (2)-(4) 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

rep., (5) rep. in pt. Pt. HI.

Ss. 17-22, 26(1) defini- 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

tions of " Crownhold Pt. H.

disposition ", " the current development plan ", (2) rep. Ss. 27(1X3), 37(1X2) am. 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

Ss. 38, 39 rep Pt. I para. 1. 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

Pt. H.

Ss. 40(1), 41(1) am. ... 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

Pt. I para. 1.

Ss. 60, 61-63, 80, 81(1) 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

rep. pt. n.

Ss. 89(6X6) am. (1.4. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

1972). 99(1) definition of " the Act of 1971 " 23 Pt. n.

added (1.4.1972), (2X6) (8) am. (1.4.1972).

Sch. 1 rep 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1 Pt. IH. 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

Sch. 2 rep

Pt. II.

Sch. 4 para. 44(1 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

added. Pt. I para. 2.

Sch. 5 para. 32(1X6X2) 18, s. 1(4), sch. 1

am. Pt. I para. 3.

Sch. 15 para, (viii), sch. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

16 Pt. Iam. (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. H.

c. 2 ... Consolidated Fund Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1967. peals).

c. 4 West Indies Act 1967 ... Exd 63, s. 1(5).

S. 3(2) ext 63, s. 1(6).

Sch. 3 para. 3 rep 77, s. 34(1), sch. g

para. 4(3X«) am. 77, s. 2(5). sch. 1

(prosp.). para. 5(2).

c. 6 Consolidated Fund (No. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

| 2) Act 1967. peals).

T 3

cxxxiv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967:—cont. c. 9 ...

c. 10

c. 12 c. 13

c. 17

c. 19

c. 20 c. 22

c. 28

General Rate Act 1967...

Forestry Act 1967

Teachers Superannuation Act 1967. Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967.

Iron and Steel Act 1967...

Private Places of Entertainment (Licensing) Act 1967.

Housing (Financial Provisions Ac.) (Scotland) Act 1967.

Agriculture Act 1967 ...

Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1967.

S. 7(1) am

am. (Crown Court)

rep. inpt. ...

S. 26(3)(4) am

S. 32(8) am. (1.4.1972)...

S. 92 Pensions increase...

S. 99(5) am. (Crown Court).

rep. in pt. ...

S. 115(1) definition of " agricultural land " am.

S. 116(1) am. (Crown Court).

Sch. 1 para. 2(c) am.

(1.4.1972) .

Sch. 8 am

S. 9(4 )(d)am. (1.4.1972)

S. 15 ext. (E.) (1.4.1972) S. 35, sch. 3 para. 2 am.

(1.4.1972) .

Ss. 1,7 Pensions increase

S. 1(5) rep

Sch. 2 rep. inpt....

Sch. 2 para. 5 of the notes rep. (prosp.).

S. 32(3) rep

S. 5(3)(4) am. (Crown Court).

S. 5(4) rep. in pt.

S. 19 rep

S. 38 rep.

Ss. 49(5Xfl), 50(3)(6), 52 (2Xg) am. (1.4.1972).

Ss. 1, 2(2)(3) Pensions increase.

S. 3(4Xa) rep. in pt.

S. 4 Pensions increase ...

S. 15(1H7) Pension ...

S.I. No. 1292.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

39, ss. 1-4.

78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

56, ss. 5(1), 7(2), sch. 2 para. 62, sch. 3 paras. 1, 2.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

39, s. 1(4).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

5.1. No. 2007.

78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. n.

78, s. 60(10).

78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

56, ss. 4(4), 5(1), sch. 2 para. 20. 62. s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I.

18, s. 6(2), sch. 3 Pt. H.

5.1. No. 719.

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

62, s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

56, ss. 4(4), 5(1), sch. 2 para. 4. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt.IV.

56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 27.

56, ss. 4(4), 5(1), sch. 2 para. 50.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967—cont. c. 29 ...

c. 30 ...

c. 33 ...

Housing Subsidies Act 1967.

Road Safety Act 1967 ...

Air Corporations Act 1967.

c. 34

Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967.

S. 26A am.

Apptd. day for residue provisions of Act (1.1.1972).

S. 27 rep.

S. 2(1) am. (prosp

S. 2(3) am. (prosp.)

S. 3(l)-{4)am.(prosp.)...

Ss. 3(1X3) rep. in pt.

( prosp.),(5), 4, 5 rep. (prosp.), 7(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 7(1) am. (prosp.), (2) replaced (prosp.), (3) am. (prosp.).

S. 7(3) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 8, 9 rep (p

S. 10 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 12-22rep. (prosp.) ...

S. 24(7) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

am .(prosp.)

S. 25(1 )-(3) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 25(5), 26(2X3), 27 rep. (prosp.).

S. 28(1)(2) am. (prosp.)...

rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 28(3M5) am.

Ss. 31(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 32 rep. (prosp.).

S. 33(1) definition of " the Board " am. (prosp.).

S. 35(1) proviso rep. (prosp.).

Sch. 1 paras. 7, 8(1) am. (prosp).

para. 8(2) rep.

(prosp.). para. 9 am. (prosp.).

Sch. 2 paras. 2 rep. (prosp.), 3 rep. in pt. (prosp.).

S. 2(6Xc) am

S. 7(2X6) am.

S. 7(3Xfl) am

68, s. 66.

S.I. No. 1805.

10, s. 39(5), sch.

8 Pt. I.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 16.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 17.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 18.

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 19.

75, s. 48(2).

75, s 69(2), sch. 11 75, s. 48(2).

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

75, s. 69, sch. 10 para. 20, sch. 11.

75, s. 69(1). sch.

10 para. 20.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 21.

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 22.

75, s. 69, sch. 10 para. 22, sch. 11.

75, s. 4(2).

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 16.

75, s. 69, sch. 10 para. 23, sch. 11.

75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 24(1) (2).

75, s. 69(2), sch.

11.

75, s. 69(1), sch.

10 para. 24(3). 75, s. 69(2), sch. 11.

50, s. ll(lXfl). 50, s. 11(1)(6).

50, s. 11(2).

T 4

CXXXV1

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 34—cont. Industrial Injuries and S. 7(3A) added 50, s. 11(3).

Diseases (Old Cases) S. 14(1) definition of 50, 8. 14, sch. 5

Act 1967—cont. " prescribed " expld. (retrosp.). para. 11.

c. 36 Remuneration of Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

Teachers (Scotland) Act 1967. sch. 2 para. 19.

c. 40 Shipbuilding Industry S. 7(5) am. 46, s. 1.

Act 1967.

c. 43 Legal Aid (Scotland) Act Apptd day for ss. 1(1 M6) (8),2(1)(6H8),3,4,6, S.I. No. 190.

8-11, 13-16, 17(1M5),

18-20, schs. 1, 2 in relation to S.22(3X6) of

the Act (1.3.1971).

c. 47 Decimal Currency Act Ss. 2, 3 rep 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

1967. S. 4(2) rep S.I. No. 1175.

Schs. 1,2 rep 24, s. 13, sch. 3.

c. 52 Tokyo Convention Act S. 1 saved 70, s. 2.

1967. S. 7(5) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. III.

c. 54 Finance Act 1967 S.l(5Xa)rep S. 9 ext (mod.) 12, s. 24(2), sch. 68, s. 4(2).

S. 10 rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

Ss. 11,12 rep 10, s. 39(5), sch.

8 Pt. I.

S. 28(2) rep. in pt. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

Ss. 33, 34 rep 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14

Pt. III.

Sch. 5 para. 1 rep. Sch. 12 paras. 8, 10 am. 12, s. 24(2), sch. 68, s. 63(2).

Schs. 14,15 rep. 68, ss. 55(1X2),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. ra.

Sch. 16 Pt. V rep. 52, S.L. (Re-

1 peals).

c. 56 Matrimonial Causes Act S. 1(3X6) am 23, s. 45(3).

1967. S. 2(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 4 Power to appl. 23, s. 45(5).

S. 7(1) am 23, s. 56(1), sch.

8 para. 47.

S. 70X6) am 23, s. 45(7).

c. 58 Criminal Law Act 1967 S. 8, sch. 1, sch. 2 para. 1 rep. Sch. 2 para. 15(2) rep. ... 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pts. III, IV.

c. 59 Appropriation Act 1967 Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

peals).

c. 64 Anchors and Chain Power to appl. (mod.) 61, s. 6(3), sch.

Cables Act 1967. (prosp.). para. 4(2).

c. 68 Fugitive Offenders Act Ss. 16,17 ext 70, s. 6(1).

1967. Sch. 1 am 70, s. 3(1).

c. 69 Civic Amenities Act 1967 Ss. 1, 3, 6, 8, 11, Pt. H 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(ss. 12-17) (except 8.15 25.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967: c. 69—cont.

c. 70 ... c. 73 ...

Civil Amenities Act 1967 —cont.

Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 1967. National Insurance Act 1967.

(2)), 28(l)(a) rep. (E.), (1.4.1972), (c) rep. in pt. (E.) (1.4.1972).

Ss. 28(2X3) am. (1.4. 1972), 30(1) definition of44 the Planning Act ’* subst. (1.4.1972).

S. 30(1) definition of 44 the Planning Act of 1968 " rep. (1.4.1972).

S. 4(4) rep

S. l(lX</)rep.

78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

78, s. 292(2), sch. 25.

10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I.

50, s. 16(3), sch. 7.

Sch. 7 para. 7 rep.

... 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

Pt. I.

c. 76 ...

... Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967.

S. 29A added

S. 30(1X3) am

S. 31 appl

S. 31(1 A) added

S. 32(5) am

S. 81(9) Pensions increase

41, s. 3i

4), 7(2) sch.2 para. 51 «:h. 3 paras. 1

c. 77 ... c. 78 ... c. 80 ...

... Police (Scotland) Act 1967.

... Water (Scotland) Act 1967.

... Criminal Justice Act 1967

Ss. 84 A-D, 85 mod. ... Sch. 5 para. 2(1) replaced Ss. 26, 27 Pensions increase.

S. 12 am.

S. 9(5X«X« replaced ...

S. 14(5) rep.

41, s. 30(5).

5.1. No. 602.

56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 43(c).

5.1. No. 527.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 49.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I.

S. 16(2Xcc) added Ss. 20, 22(3) am. S. 22(4) rep. in pt.

... 23, s.56(l), sch. 8

para. 50.

... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 48(6).

... 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 31(2) am

Ss.31(3M6), 32(1) rep....

S. 32(2X4) am

Ss. 40(6), 41(lX2)(fl) am.

S. 41(1X2) rep. in pt., (3) rep.

S.42(2)(flHd) replaced... S. 42(5) rep. in pt.

S. 44(11) subst

S. 47 am.

23, s.51(2), sch. 6 para. 8.

23, s. 56(4), sch. ii Pt. m.

23, s.51(2), sch. 6 para. 9.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 51.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 52.

72, s. 99(6), sch. 3 para. 28(1).

cxxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967: c. 80—cont. Criminal Justice Act 1967 —cont. S. 47(1) am. (1A) added (2) am. S. 47(3X4) am S. 47(5) rep S. 47(6X7) am S. 47(7) rep. in pt. S. 47(8) am Ss. 47(9), 48(1)(2), 54(1) (2) am. S. 54(4) rep S. 54(5) am S. 56(1X3X6) am. S. 56(7) rep S. 56(8) am S. 56(9M10) am. S. 56(11) am S. 58 rep. (prosp.) S. 62(6X7X10) am. S. 67 appl. (prosp.) S. 73(3X3B)(4X5)(8) am. S. 74(3) am S. 74(6) am S. 76(4) am rep. in pt. S. 76(5) am S. 81(1)(6M</) replaced... S. 81(5M7) rep Ss. 95(4)(5), 104(1) definition of " the clerk of the court " rep. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para.53(lM3). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(a). 23, s. 56(1X4), sch. 8 para. 53 (4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(a). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 53(5). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(a). 23, s. 56(1X4), sch. 8 para. 54 (1), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 54(2). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(a). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 55. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48. 77, s. 34(1), sch. 6. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48. 77, s. 7(3)(4)". 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 paras. 48(a), 56. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(6). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(a). 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48(6). 23, s. 51(2), sch. 6 para. 10(1). 23, ss. 51(2), 56 (4), sch. 6 para. 10(2), sch. 11 Pt. III. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxix

Session and

Chapter of 1971 Act or number

Chat

of)

1967:

or No. [easure

Short title or Subject

How affected

of Measure or Statutory Instrument

c. 80— con

Criminal Justice Act 1967 —cont.

Sch. 3 Pt. I rep. in pt. _ Sch. 4 paras. 21, 22 rep.

3, s. 18(2), sch. 2. 41, s. 86(2), sch. 12.

48, ss. 11(8), 12 (6), sch. Pts. I,H.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii pt. in.

c. 81 ...

c. 82 ...

Companies Act 1967

Sch. 6 paras. 1,2,14,16,

21(c) am

S. 6(6) am

S.60(l)(c)rep.inpt. ...

... Dangerous Drugs Act 1967.

Sch. 2 para. 13A(5) am. Rep. (prosp.)

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 48.

5.1. No. 2044.

72, s. 169, schs.

8, 9.

5.1. No. 2044.

38, s. 39(2), sch.

6.

c. 86 ...

c. 88 ... c. 89 ... c. 91 ...

1968: c. 1 ...

c. 3 ...

Countryside (Scotland) Act 1967.

Leasehold Reform Act 1967.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act 1967.

Coal Industry Act 1967

Ss. 11(5X/), 54(6), 75(4) ext.

S. 75(4) ext. ("the appropriate Minister") Sch. 3 ext

S. 29(6)(a), sch. 4 para.

1(7) am. (1.4.1972). Rep

S. 1(2) superseded

S. 3(1) am

S. 3(4) restr

75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 5(x). 75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 6 75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 5(jc). 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. n.

52, S.L.

peals).

16, s. 3(1).

16, s. 2(1).

16, s. 2(3).

(Re-

... Consolidated Fund Act 1968.

... Capital Allowances Act 1968.

Rep

Am. (except Pt. I chs. H, VI.

S. 1 appl.

Pt. I ch. U (ss. 18-50) excl.

S. 40 mod

S. 44(1)(2) am

S. 45 am.

S. 48 am. (except subs.

(4) proviso, (6)).

S. 48(2) mod

S. 56(2) am

Ss. 70, 71 am

S. 71(1) proviso restr. ... S. 72(2M5) ext.

Ss. 73, 74 am

S. 74(4) restr

S. 77 am.

S. 81(2) ext

S. 82(1) appl

S. 84(1) am

52, S.L. (Repeals).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(2).

68, s. 51.

68, s. 40(1).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 17.

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(1).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(2).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(3).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(3).

68, s. 52(1).

68, s. 48(4).

68, s. 48(4).

68, s. 50(2).

68, s. 48(4).

68, s. 48(4).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(4).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 15(4).

68, s. 50(3).

68, s. 49, sch. & para. 15(5).

cxl

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1968:

c. 3—cont. Capital Allowance Act S.85(l) mod 68, s. 49, sch. 8

1968—cont. para. 15(6).

Sch. 4 para. 2(1) am. ... 68, s. 53.

c. 5 Administration of Justice S. l(lXWiii) rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1968. 11 Pt. IV.

c.8 Mauritius Independence Sch. 2 para. 11 rep. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

Act 1968. (prosp.). 11.

c. 9 Commonwealth Immi- Rep. (prosp.) 77, s. 34(1), sch.

grants Act 1968. 6.

c. 12 Teachers Superannuation Pensions increase 56, ss. 4(4), 5(1),

(Scotland) Act 1968. sch. 2 para. 21.

c. 13 National Loans Act 1968 S. 11 rep. (E.) (1.4.1972) 78, s. 292(2), sch.

25.

S. 16(7) am S. 16(8) rep 68, s. 68(a). 68, ss. 68(b), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII.

Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

Pt. I.

c. 14 Public Expenditure and S. 3 rep 74, ss. 1(4), 2(5). 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

Receipts Act 1968. S. 4 Pensions increase ...

paras. 38, 52.

Sch. 3 para. subst. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n.

(1.4.1972).

c. 15 Consolidated Fund (No. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

2) Act 1968. peals).

c. 16 New Towns (Scotland) Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

Act 1968. para. 5(y).

(" the appropriate Minister "). 75, s.l8(l), sch. 5 para. 6(k).

("operational land") 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

S. 22(3X4) am. para. 1(f). 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. II.

c. 18 Consular Relations Act S. 8(1X£) rep. in pt. ... 64, s. 4(2).

1968. S. 12 subst 64, s. 4(1), sch.

c. 19 Criminal Appeal Act 1968 8(1) rep. in pt 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

Ss. 10(l)-(3), 11(2) am.... Ss. 24-28 am S. 24(2) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 57(1). 23, s. 51(2), sch. 6 para. 11. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 24(2X6) am. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

S. 28(3) rep para. 57(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. HI.

S. 30 ext. S. 39 am. S. 39(3) am 48. s. 8(2). 23, s. 51 (2), sch. 6 para. 11. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 57(1). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

rep. in pt.

11 Pt. IV.

S. 42(1X2) ext S. 46(2) subst. (saving)... 48, s. 8(2). 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 57(2).

Effect of Legislation

cxli

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1968:

c. 19—coni. Criminal Appeal Act 1968 S. 51(1) definitions of—

—cont. " the judge of court of trial " subst. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 57(3).

"recommendation for 77, s. 34(1), sch.

deportation " rep. 6.

(prosp.). Sch. 5 rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pts. Ill, IV.

c. 20 Courts-Martial (Appeals) S. 8(1) am. (prosp 33, s. 73(2).

Act 1968. S. 8(2Xo) am. (prosp.) 33, s. 73(4), sch. 2

para. 1(2).

S. 8(5) added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 73(2).

Ss. 13(a), 14(1), 15(1X2) 33, s. 73(4), sch. 2

am. (prosp.). para. 1(3).

S. 16(1) am. (prosp.) 33, s. 73(4), sch. 2

para. 1(4).

S. 16A added (prosp.) ... 33, s. 73(3).

S. 17(1X2) am. (prosp.)... 33,s.73(4), sch. 2

para. 1(5).

S. 31(1) am. (prosp.) ... 33, s. 73(4), sch. 2

para. 1(6).

S. 34(2) am. (prosp.) (4) 33, s.73(4), sch. 2

added (prosp.). para. 1(7).

Sch. 1 para. 1 am. (prosp.) 33, s. 57(2).

Sch. 2 paras. 1(1), 4 am. 33, s. 73(4), sch. 2

(prosp.). para. 1(8).

c. 23 Rent Act 1968 Mod. (prosp.) 40, s. 34, sch.

Pt. I.

S. 40 Pensions increase... 56, ss. 5(1), 7(1), sch. 2 para. 63, sch. 3 paras. 1, 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 95(6) rep. in pt.

11 Pt.II.

Sch. 10 para. 3(3) am. ... Sch. 15 rep. in pt. 62, s. 18(1), sch. 3. 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4

Pt. I.

rep. in pt. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

c. 26 Export Guarantees Act Am S.I. No. 2119.

1968. S. 7 subst. S.I. No. 2119.

c. 27 Firearms Act 1968 S. 16 rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

S. 21(6X7) am. (Crown Court). S. 44 am. (Crown Court) 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(2), sch.9

Pt. I.

S. 44(2)(a) rep 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

Sch. 1 para. 1 subst. ... para. 9 rep. in pt. Sch. 3 Pt. I am. (Crown Court). Pt. I para. 1 rep., sch. 5 Pt. I rep. in pt. 48, s. 11(7). 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

Sch. 5 Pt. II am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch.

Court). 9 Pt. I.

cxlii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session And Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1968:

c. 27—cont. Firearms Act 1968 Sch. 5 Pt. II paras. 4 rep. S.I. No. 1292.

—cont. in pt., 6, 8 rep.

c. 31 Housing (Financial Pro- S. 14(1) mod 76, s. 3(1).

visions) (Scotland) Act S. 29(1) restr 76, s. 3(2).

1968. Ss. 29(1 Xc) proviso (iX»), (3), 35(2)(4X5) mod. 76, s. 3(1).

S. 38(5) added 28, s. 135(2), sch.

18 Pt. II.

S. 42(1) mod 76, s. 3(1).

S. 42(3) restr mod 76, s. 3(2). 76, s. 3(1 )(3).

S.49(3X«)ext 40, s. 36(9X<0.

S. 59(3) mod 76, s. 3(4).

c. 32 Industrial Expansion Act Ss. 1-7 rep. (saving) ... 17, ss. 2, 3(2),

1968. sch. 2 Pt. II. 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

Ss. 15, 16 rep. in pt. ...

Pt. n.

Schs. 1, 2 rep. (saving)... 17, ss. 2, 3(2),

sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 34 Agriculture (Miscella- S. 13(2) am. (1.4.1972)... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

neous Provisions) Act 1968. 23 Pt. II.

c. 41 Countryside Act 1968 ... Ext 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

para. 5(2).

Ss. 25, 26 rep. (E.) 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

S. 29(8) rep 41, s. 86(2), sch.

12.

Ss. 33(lXeX2), 34(2), 40 (1) am. (1.4.1972). 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n.

S.41(l)(3M7)appl. ... 41, s. 27(5Xa).

S. 41(8X9) mod. 41, s. 27(5X6).

S. 43 (except subs. (4)) 41,s. 27(5)(c).

mod.

Sch. 3 Pt. HI para. 8(2) (b) subst. (retrosp.). Sch. 4 paras. 1(1X2X5), 41, s. 75.

78, s. 291(1), sch.

2(1), 3 am. (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. II.

c. 44 Finance Act 1968 S. 2 rep 12, s. 24(2), sch. 7. 10, s. 39(5), sch.

Ss. 8, 9 rep

8 Pt. I.

S. 14(4) am. and rep. in 68, s. 15(7).

pt. (retrosp.).

S. 31 rep. (6.4.1971) ... 68, ss. 57(5), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt. vn.

S. 32(5) ext 68, s. 56(2), sch.

10 para. 5.

S. 32(6) am. (6.4.1973)... 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 92.

S. 59 rep. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. vn.

Sch. 7 rep. 10, s. 39(5), sch. 8

Pt. I.

Sch. 11 para. 1(8) rep.... 68, ss.56(3)(4), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

cxliii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1968: c. 44—cont. Finance Act 1968— Sch. 12 para. 4(1) am. ... 68, s. 59(1), sch.

c. 46 Health Services and para. 4(2) rep. in pt. (1.4.1971), (3M9) rep. (1.4.1971). para. 6 rep. paras. 10-12 rep. Sch. 19 rep Apptd. day for certain 12 para. 17(a). 68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 12 para. 17(6Xc), sch. 14 Pt. V. 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. in. 68, ss. 55(1X2), 56(3)(4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IE, IV. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14, Pt. vn.

Public Health Act 1968. specified provisions — (E.) (1.4.1971) ... S.I. No. 423.

c. 47 Sewerage (Scotland) Act (S.) (31.3.1971) ... S. 35 Pensions increase S. 22 ext S.I. No. 555. 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2 para. 23. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5

c. 48 1968. International Organisa- S. 1 app. para. 5(aa). 64, s. 2.

tions Act 1968. S. 2(2X6) am 64, s. 3.

c. 49 Social Work (Scotland) Apptd. days for certain S.I. No. 184.

c. 52 Act 1968. Caravan Sites Act 1968... specified provisions. Apptd. day for S. 14 and sch. 9 in pt. (1.4.1971). S. 89 rep. Ss. 8(3), 16 am. (1.4.1972) S.I. No. 556. 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4 Pt. I. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

c. 54 Theatres Act 1968 S. 14(2) am. (Crown 23 Pt. II. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9

c. 55 Friendly and Industrial Court). S. 3(7) am. and rep. in pt. Pt. I. 66, s. 11(5).

and Provident Societies S. 6(1) rep. in pt. r 66, s. 14, sch. 2

c. 59 Act 1968. Hovercraft Act 1968 ... para. 49 sch. 3. 59, s. 17.

c. 60 Theft Act 1968 S. 10X6) am. ... <j am. S. l(lXiXii) am. Sch. para. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.). para. 6 rep. (prosp.) S. 29(1) rep 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 25. 60, s. 31. 19, s. 6(3). 77, s. 34(1), sch. 6. 38, s. 39(2), sch. 6. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

c. 61 Civil Aviation Act 1968 Sch. 2 Pt. II rep. in pt. (prosp.). Pt. Ill rep. in pt Apptd. day for ss. 13(2) 11 Pt. IV. 33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV. S.I. No. 1133.

140M12) (13.7.1971). S. 5 am S. 15(2)(a) am 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 26. 75, s. 69(1), sch. 10 para. 27.

cxliv

Effect of Legislation

Session and

Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1968—cont. c. 63 ...

c. 64 ... c. 65 ...

Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act 1968.

Civil Evidence Act 1968 Gaming Act 1968

S. 1(4) am.

rep. in pt.

S. 10(2) appl

Apptd. day for remaining provisions of Act (1.6.1971).

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 58.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii Pt. rv.

10, s. 31(2).

S.I. No. 775.

Ext

Sch. 2 paras. 29-32 am. (Crown Court).

para. 30(1) rep., (2) rep. in. pt.

para. 30(2) am. ...

paras. 30(3M5) rep., 32(2) rep. in pt.

paras. 45, 46, 50, 61, sch. 3 paras. 12,13, 14,16, sch. 7 paras. 11, 12,20, sch. 9 paras. 11-14 am. (Crown Court). Sch. 9 para. 14(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt.

para. 14(2) am. ...

para. 14(3M5) rep.

57, s. 6(1).

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

S.I. No. 1292.

23, s.51(2), sch. 6 para. 12.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. m.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

S.I. No. 1292.

23, s. 51(2), sch. 6 para. 13.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. in.

c. 67 ...

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 11 paras. 8-11 am.

(Crown Court).

S. 10(1X6X4X6) am., (5V-(8) added.

S.18 ext

S. 27(5X6) Power to excl.

23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

S.I. No. 1445.

69, s. 1(1).

69, s. l(2Xa).

c. 69

... Justices of the Peace Act 1968.

S. 80(5) am.

S. 128(1) am

S. 128(3) rep. (saving) ...

S. 128(6X7), 129(2X3),

(cX5)(6), sch. 4 paras. 6, 8,11 am.

Sch. 5 paras. 14, 15 rep. (prosp.).

Apptd. day for S. 4 (1.4.1971).

S. 1(8)(6) rep., sch. 1 rep. in pt., sch. 3 paras. 2 (2) rep., 3 rep. in pt.

Sch. 3 para. 4(1) rep. ...

para. 4(2) rep. ... para. 4(3) rep. ... para. 7 rep.

38, s. 12(7). 69, s. 1(3). 69, s. 1(4). 69, s. 1(3).

38, s. 39(2), sch.

6.

S.I. No. 412.

23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

ll.Pts. Ill, IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11, Pt. IV.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

ii pts. hi, rv.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

c. 70

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968.

S. 17(4) appl.

10, s. 31(4).

Effect of Legislation

cxlv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1968—cont.

c. 72 Town and Country Plan- Apptd. day for Pt. I S.I. No. 842.

ning Act 1968. except ss. 13, 14 in pt., sch. 11 in pt. (1.6.1971).

Ss. 1-26, 27 (except para. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(6)), 28, 29, 32-38, 40-57 rep. (1.4.1972). 25.

S. 59 am. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. H.

Ss. 60-87,90-98,100-102, 78, s. 292(2), sch.

103(a), 104(1) definition of "the Greater 25.

London Development Plan", (2), (4), 108, 109(2) schs. 1, 2 rep. (1.4.1972).

Sch. 3 para. 9 subst. ... 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

para. 2(1).

Sch. 3A added ... 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2

para. 2(2), appendix A.

Schs. 4-8,9 (except paras. 9, 10, 68, 75), 10 (ex- 78y. 292(2), sch.

cept paras. 13, 14), 11 rep. (1.4.1972).

c. 73 Transport Act 1968 S. 69(4Xe) am 12, s. 24(1), sch.

6 para. 3.

Ss. 108(1X3), 112(3 78, s. 291(1), sch.

am. (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. H.

S. 139 ext. (mod.) (E.) ... 41, s. 45(5).

Ss. 139(lX6Xc), 141(2), 78, s. 291(1), sch.

142(2) am. (1.4.1972). 23, Pt. II.

S. 147 rep 10, s. 39(5), sch.

8 Pt. I.

Sch. 10 Pt. I rep. in pt 62, s. 18(2), sch.

4 Pt. I.

Sch. 12expld.(E.) ... 41, s. 12(6).

Sch. 16 para. 12 rep. ... 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

c. 75 Miscellaneous Financial S. 3 rep. (prosp.) 17, s. 3(2), sch. 2

Provisions Act 1968. Pt. I.

c. 76 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

ance Act 1968. peals).

1969:

c.3 Consolidated Fund Act Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

1969. peals).

c. 5 New Towns Act 1969 ... Rep 81, s. 2(2).

c.6 Shipbuilding Industry Act Rep 46, s. 1(6).

1969.

c. 7 Pensions (Increase) Act Rep. (saving) 56, s. 18(1), sch.

1969. 7.

c. 9 Consolidated Fund (No. Rep 52, S.L. (Re-

2) Act 1969. peals).

c. 10 Mines and Quarries S. 5 excl. (managers' 20, s. 1(4).

(Tips) Act 1969. assistants).

S. 9 appl. 20, s. 1(3).

c. 15 Representation of the Apptd. day for s. 18(1) S.I. No. 544.

People Act 1969. (1.7.1971).

cxlvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1969: c. 15—cont.

c. 19 ... c. 21 ... c. 22 ...

c. 27 ...

Representation of the People Act 1969

Decimal Currency Act 1969.

Immigration Appeals Act 1969.

Redundant Churches and other Religious Buildings Act 1969.

Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969.

c. 30 ...

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1969.

S. 12(2) rep. in pt., sch. 1 Pt. II para. 7(1X2)(6) rep., sch. 2 para. 35(</) rep. in pt.

Ss. 1, 14, 15,16(2), sch. 3 rep.

Rep. (prosp.)

S. 2 am. (1.4.1972) ...

Apptd. day for ss. 1, 2(1) (2X5M7), 3(22.2.1971).

Apptd. day for ss. 2(8) in pt., 36, 37 in pt. (1.4.1971).

Apptd. day for ss. 16(7), 18(1) (27.9.1971).

Ss. 4-12,17,19,20(1M4) rep., (5) rep. in pt., 21, 23(1) paras, id) (e) rep., (2) rep. in pt., 24, 25(1 H5) rep., (6) rep. in pt., (7), 260H2) rep., (3) rep. in pt., (4M8) rep., 27 rep. in pt., 28, 29(1X2), 30 rep., 32 rep. (saving for s. 22), 33(1) definitions of " motor dealer ", " public road ", " trade licence ", " seven day licence ", " temporary licence ", " vehicle

licence " rep., 34(2) rep. in pt., (5) rep., 35, rep. in pt., 36(2), sch. 1 paras. 4-8, 11, 13-18

Ss^80X*), 27(1) am. ...

S. 30(1) ext. {prosp.)

Ss. 34(1), 62, 63 ext. ...

S. 63(5) am.

S. 64(1) am. (1.4.1972)...

S. 68(1) rep. in pt.

S. 68 (1A) (IB) added ...

Ss. 70-74 ext

S. 70 excl

S. 71 ext. ("operational land ").

7, s. 3(2).

24, s. 13, sch. 3.

77, s. 34(1), sch.

78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

5.1. No. 244.

5.1. No. 376.

5.1. No. 1477.

10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I.

62, s. 18(1), sch. 3.

58, s. 24(3).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(cc).

62 s. 18(1), sch.

78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

18, s. 6, sch. 2 para. 3(1), sch. 3 Pt. I.

18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 3(1).

75, s. 18(1), sch.

5 para. 5(cc). 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 9(1).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 7(h).

Effect of Legislation

cxlvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1969: c. 30—cont.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1969—cont.

c. 32

Finance Act 1969

S. 71(2) am

S. 72 ext. (" operational land ").

S. 74(5) ext. (" the appropriate Minister ")»

Ss. 89, 92(3), 93(2) ext...

Sch. 2 para. 9 subst. ..

Sch. 2A added

Sch. 4 paras. 12-14 ext.

Sch. 5 ext. (" operational land ").

Schs. 5-7 ext. ...

Sch. 5 para. 4 ext. (" the appropriate Minister ")

Sch. 6 am. (1.4.1972) ..

para. 14 am.

Sch. 7 ext. (" the appropriate Minister ").

Sch. 9 para. 5 ext.

para. 5 am.

Sch. 9 para. 45 rep.

S. 1(3), (5X</)rep.

S. 3(10) definition of " bingo " rep. in pt.

S. 6 rep

S. 41(1) exd

S. 50 rep.

Sch. 7 paras. 4, 5 rep. ..

Sch. 9 paras. 4A, 4B added.

Sch. 12 rep.

Sch. 17 Pt. I am. (31.3 1971).

Pt. II para. 13 rep (1.4.1971).

Sch. 18 Pt. I am.

Pt. Ill paras. 4, 5 rep.

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 9(2).

75,s.l8(l), sch. 5 para. 7(h).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(m).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(cc).

18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 4(1).

18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 4(2), appendix B.

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(cc).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 7(h).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(cc).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(m).

78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II.

62, s. 18(1), sch. 3.

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 6(m).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5(cc).

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 9(3).

18, s. 6(2), sch. 3 Pt. I.

12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

68, ss. 8(1), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII.

10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I.

68, s. 56(2), sch. 10 para. 4(1).

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII.

12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

68, s. 8(2).

10, s. 39(5), sch. 8 Pt. I.

68, s. 61(1).

68, ss. 59(1), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. V.

S.I. Nos. 793, 1366, 1786.

68, ss. 56(3)(4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

cxlviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1969: c. 32—cont. Finance Act 1969—cont. Sch. 19 paras. 5, 8(1X2) 68, ss. 59(1), 69

c. 33 Housing Act 1969 rep. (1.4.1971). paras. 10(7), 11 (4) rep. para. 15(1H3) (7) (9) rep. in pt. paras. 15(5), 23 rep. S. 5(1) restr (7), sch. 14 Pt. V. 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. in. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7^ sch. 14 68, ‘ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 pt. in. 76, s. 2(2).

c. 34 Housing (Scotland) Act Ss. 5(lXfl), 6(2), 11(1) mod. S. 11(3) mod S. 15(1) mod S. 15(3) mod Ss. 16(2), 18(2), 19(3) mod. S. 19(5) mod S. 21(4) mod S. 33 am. (1.4.1972) ... S. 34 rep. (1.4.1972) ... S. 37 mod S. 50(2) am Ss. 44-57, 61, schs. 3, 4, 76, s. 2(1). 76, s. 2(3Xa). 76, s. 2(1). 76, s. 2(3Xn). 76, s. 2(1). 76, s. 2(3X6). 76, s. 2(1). 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25. 76, s. 2(4). S.I. No. 570. 28, s. 135(5), sch.

1969. sch.6 para. 1 rep. 20.

c. 35 Transport (London) Act 1969. Ss. 2(2X*Xc), 30, sch. 3 78, s. 291(1), sch.

para. 1(3) am. (1.4. 23 Pt. n.

c. 43 Air Corporations Act 1972). Sch. 5 para. 12(2) am. ... para. 12(2) am. (1.4.1972). para. 18(2) am. ... paras. 20fcXii), 22 (4X5) am. (1.4. 1972). Ss. 1(2M7), 2, 3, rep. 18, s. 6(1), sch. 2 para. 5. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n. 62, s. 18(1), sch. 3. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n. 75, s. 69(2), sch.

1969. {prosp.). 11.

c. 44 National Insurance Act Ss. 1(1X4), 2(1), 3(1) rep.. 50, s. 16(3), sch.

1969. (2) rep. in pt., 5,6 rep.. 7.

c. 46 Family Law Reform Act 10(1X2) rep. {prosp.). S. 10(2) rep Schs. 1, 2, 4, 5, rep. ... Sch. 6 para. 5(2X<w) added. Apptd. day for Pt. in 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt. I. 50, s. 16(3), sch. 7. 50, s. 14, sch. 5 para. 9. S.I. No. 1857.

1969. (ss. 20-25) (1.3.1972). S. 4 rep Ss. 6(1), 7(1) rep. in pt.... S. 28(4Xc) rep. in pt. ... ^Ic 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. n. 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2.

Effect of Legislation

cxlix

I Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1969—cont.

c. 48 Post Office Act 1969 ... S. 7(1X6) Power to mod. 80, s. 2(1 X/).

saved 80, s. 2(2).

S. 57 am. (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. II.

S. 94(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt. 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2

S. 94(2Xc) am Ss. 94(4), 95-105 rep. ... 29, s. 28(4). 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Sch. 4 para. 14 rep. in pt.

11 Pt. I.

para. 71 rep. (1.4. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

1972). 25.

para. 89(1) am. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

(1.4.1972). 23 Pt. H.

para. 89(3) rep. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

para. 93(1) am. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

and rep. in pt. (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. II.

para. 93(1 Xxv) rep. 41, s. 86(2), sch.

inpt.,(2Xff)rep. 12.

para. 93(2X1X4) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

rep. (1.4.1972), (s) added (1.4. 23 Pt. II.

1972), (4)(cX6) rep. (1.4.1972), 0.) added (1.4. 1972).

Sch. 6 Pts. I, II rep. ... 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

Sch. 9 paras. 27-29 am.

c. 49 (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. II.

Education (Scotland) Act S. 1(1) rep. in pt., (3) sch. 42, s. 4(3), sch.

c. 50 1969. 2 Pt. 1 para. 7(1), (2) head (a) rep.

Trustee Savings Bank Act Ss. 75-77 Pensions in- 56, s. 5(1), sch. 2

1969. crease. para. 65.

S. 89(c) rep. in pt. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. VI.

c. 53 Late Night Refreshment S. 7(3X6) am. (Crown 23, s. 56(2), sch.

Houses Act 1969. Court). 9 Pt. I.

c. 54 Children and Young Apptd. day for sch. 5 S.I. No. 588.

Persons Act 1969. para. 54(2) in pt., (3) (15.4.1971). S. 2(12) am. (Crown Court). S. 3(6) rep. in pt. 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 48, s. 11(8), sch.

Pt. I.

S. 3(7) am 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 59(1). 23, s. 56(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

S. 3(8) am. (Crown Court) S. 3(9) rep

11 Pt. IV.

Ss. 16(8), 21(4X5) am. 23, s. 56(2), sch.

(Crown Court). 9 Pt. I.

Sch. 1 paras. 1(3), 4(3) 23, s. 56(1), sch.

am. 8 para. 59(2).

cl

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1969:

c. 54— Children and Young Persons Act 1969 —OWIf. Sch. 3 para. 1(3) subst.... 56, s. 7(2), sch. 3 para. 5.

c. 57 Employers’ Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Apptd. day for whole Act (1.1.1972). S.I. No. 1116.

Act 1969. Power to appl. (mod.) (prosp.). 61, s. 6(3), sch. para. 4(2).

c. 58 Administration of Justice Ss. 12(2X6) rep., (8) rep. in pt., 25(1 X«)» 26(1) rep. S. 32 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

Act 1969. 11 Pt. IV. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. II.

c. 59 Law of Property Act 1969. S. 25(7X6) rep. in pt. ... 54, s. 14(2X«), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 62 Rent (Control of In- Ss. 5(l)(2Xa) (3X6) 6(2), 28, s. 135(2), sch.

creases) Act 1969. sch. paras. 3,4(1), 5,7, 8 am. 18 Pt. II.

c. 63 Police Act 1969 Apptd. day for S. 1(1M3) (13.3.1971). S. 5 rep S.I. No. 408. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8 Pt. I.

CAM

No. 2 Synodical Government Measure 1969. Sch. 2 Art. 5(3) subst. ... Art. 8(1 A) added Art. 11(1 A) added C.A.M. No. 1, s. 1(3). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 1(1). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 1(2).

1970:

c. 7 Local Employment Act 1970. S. 1(4) rep. in pt. 51, s. 2(9).

c. 9 Taxes Management Act 1970. Saved (returns) (6.4.1972) S. 2(5) am S. 5(2) rep. in pt. S. 7(2) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . S. 8(5X6) rep. (6.4.1973), (8) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973). S. 8(8) am. (6.4.1973) ... S. 9(5) rep S. 12(1) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . S. 17(3) ext S. 22 rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) S. 29(2) subst. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 23(1), sch. 4 para. 7. S.I. No. 2099. 23, s. 56(4), sch. 11 Pt. I. 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7) sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 82, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 82. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II. 29, s. 12(3). 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 83, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 84.

Effect of Legislation

cli

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c. 9—cont.

Taxes Management Act S. 29(4X7) rep. in pt. 1970-con/. (6.4.1973).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7) sch. 6 para. 84(Z>Xc), sch.

14 Pt. II.

S. 31(3)am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 31(3Xc) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 85.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 85(a) sch. 14 Pt. II.

Ss. 33(2) rep. in pt.

(6.4.1973) , 55(1X6) rep.

(6.4.1973) .

S. 57(2) rep

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

68. ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. III.

S.

77(1) rep. (6.4.1973).

in pt.

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 86(1X6) subst. (6.4. 1973).

S. 88(5Xc) subst. (6.4. 1973).

S. 91(3Xn), (6)(i) rep. (6.4.1973).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 86.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 87.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7) sch., 6 para. 88, sch. 14 Pt. II.

c. 10

Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970.

S. 91(3Xc) added (6.4. 1973).

S. 93(4) am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 95(3) am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 98(3) Table am.

rep. in pt. (saving) (6.4.1980). rep. in pt.

Am

S. 3 subst. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 4(1) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 88.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 89.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 90.

68, ss. 29(7), 30 (9).

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

68, s. 32(3).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 2.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 3, sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 4(3) subst. (6.4.1973)

Pt. I ch. II (ss. 5-27) am.

(6.4.1972).

S. 5 am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 6 rep. (6.4.1973) ...

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 3.

68, s. 23(1), sch.

4 para. 3.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 4.

68. ss. 33(1), 37 (2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 7 am

saved (6.4.1973) restr. (6.4.1973)

... 68, s. 15(2).

... 68, s. 34(3).

... 68, s. 23(1), sch.

4 para. 3(3).

clii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

1970: c. 10—cont.

Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970.—cont.

S.

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8(1X2) am. (6.4.1973)

68, ss. 33(2), 37 (1), sch. 6 para.

S. 9 rep. (6.4.1973)

68, ss. 32(2), 33 (1), 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 9(1X6) subst., (2) am., (3A) added.

S. 10(1X3) am. (6.4.1973)

S. 10(3) am

am. (6.4.1973) ... S. 10(5) proviso rep. in pt.

(6.4.1972).

Ss. 12-14 am. (6.4.1973) S. 12(1) proviso(iii) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

68, s. 15(3).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 6.

68, s. 15(4).

68, s. 33(2).

68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 pt. vn.

68, s. 33(2).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 7(6), sch. 14 Pt.

n.

proviso (iv) added S. 12(1) am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 13 am. (6.4.1973) ...

Ss. 13,14 restr. (6.4.1972)

S. 14(2)(3) am. (6.4.1973)

S. 16(1X2) am

am. (6.4.1973)

S. 1973) H3) am* (6A S. 17 am. (6.4.1973) ...

Ss. 17, 18(1X2) am. (6.4. 1973).

S. 18(1X2) am. (6.4.1973) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973)

68, s. 15(5).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 7.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 8.

68, s. 23(1), sch. 4 para. 3(3).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 9.

68, s. 15(6).

68, s. 33(2).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 10.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 11.

68, s. 33(2).

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 12.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 12, sch. 14 Pt.

n.

S. 18(4)(6)(e) am. (6.4. 1973).

S. 19(1) am. (6.4.1973) ... S. 19(4X6) rep. (6.4.1980)

S. 19(4)(c) added

S. 19(8) rep. (6.4.1973)

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 12.

68, s. 33(3)(a).

68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. I.

68, s. 21(6), sch.

3 para. 11.

68, ss. 33(3X6), 37(2), 38, 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. H.

S. 20(3) am. (6.4.1973) S. 20(4) am. (6.4.1973) S. 20(5) am. (6.4.1973) ... S. 21(4)am. (6.4.1973) ...

68, s. 33(3)(c). 68, s. 33(3Xrf). 68, s. 33(3Xc). 68, s. 33(3Xe).

Effect of Legislation

cliii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

1970: c. 10—cont.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970— .

S. 24(1) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973).

rep. in pt. (retrosp).

S. 24(1) am. (retrosp.) ...

am. (6.4.1973)... S. 25 subst (6.4.1973) ... S. 27(2) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973) 28, 29 rep. (6.4. 1973).

S. 30(1X3) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

S. 30(3X4) am. (6.4.1973)

S. 30(3X5) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

Ss. 31, 32 rep. (6.4.1973)

S. 33(1X2) am. (6.4.1973) S. 34(1) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 35 rep. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 36(1H4) am. (6.4. 1973).

S. 37 am. (6.4.1973) ...

S. 37(3) subst. (6.4.1973) S. 37(5) rep. (6.4.1973)...

S. 38(1) rep. in pt.

(6.4.1973) .

S. 38(2) subst. (6.4.1973)

S. 38(3) rep. in pt.

(6.4.1973) .

S. 39(1)(2) rep. in pt.

(6.4.1973) .

S. 39(1) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 39(3) app

68, ss. 33(4), 37 (2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, ss. 15(7), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. VII.

68, s. 15(7).

68, s. 33(4).

68, s. 33(5).

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 13, sch. 14 Pt.

n.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 13.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 13, sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, ss. 35, 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. n.

68, s. 37(2), sch.

6 para. 14.

68, s. 37(2), sch.

6 para. 15.

68, ss. 35, 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 16.

68, s. 23(1), sch. 4 para. 2.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 17.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69(7), sch. 6 para. 17, sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. n.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 18.

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14

Pt. n.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69(7), sch. 6 para. 19, sch. 14 Pt. H.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 19.

68, s. 23(3), sch. 4 para. 7.

cliv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c. 10—cont. Income and Corporation S. 39(4) rep. (6.4.1973)... 68, ss. 37, 38,

Taxes Act 1970—cont. Ss. 40(1X6), 41(2)(6), 42 (2) proviso rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . Ss. 43-48 rep. (6.4.1972) S. 52(1X2) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . S. 52(1 Xe) added (6.4. 1973). S. 53(1) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . S. 53(2) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 54(1) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 58(9X6Xii) am. (6.4. 1973). S. 60(3) am S. 78 am. S. 80(3)(4) ext S. 88 rep. S. 108 Sch. D ext. S. 109(2) Sch. D— case VI ext. case VII rep. S. 154(2) am S. 155(8) am S. 158(3) rep Ss. 160-167 rep. S. 168(3) subst. (6.4.1972) S. 168(4) rep. in pt. (6.4.1972). S. 174 saved (6.4.1972)... S. 174(12) am S. 177(3 A) added S. 180(7) am 69(7), sch. 6 para. 19, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 pt. n. 68, ss. 16(lXfl), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69(7), sch. 6 para. 20, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 20. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69(7), sch. 6 para. 21, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 21. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 22. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 23. 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(4). 68, s. 47(2). 68. s. 55(5), sch. 9 para. 5(10). 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. III. 68,s. 47(1X6). 68,s. 48(2). 68, ss. 56(1X3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 17(1). 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5). 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. HI. 68, ss. 56(3)(4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 16(2Xfl). 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII. 68, s. 23(1), sch. 4 para. 4(2). 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5). 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(6). 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5).

Effect of Legislation

civ

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c. 10—cont. Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970—cont. S. 181 sch. E ext. 68, ss. 21(6), 44

S. 186(1 Wi)rep. S. 188(1X6) am. (6.4.1973) S. 189(2) am. and ext. ... S. 190(1) am S. 191 am S. 193 rep. (6.4.1973) ... S. 204(2) proviso am. (6.4.1973). S. 204 Power to ext. ... S. 204(3) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973). S. 208 rep. (6.4.1980) ... S. 208(2) rep. in pt. S. 209 rep. (prosp.) S. 211(3) rep. in pt. S. 211(5)rep.(prosp.) ... Ss. 212(4), 213(2), 214(4), 216(3), 217(3), 218(2) rep. in pt. S. 219(1X2) am. Pt. IX ch.H(ss. 220-225) rep. (6.4.1980). S. 226(1)(6) am. S. 226(2) proviso added S. 226(6) rep. in pt. S.226A added S. 227(1) replaced S. 227(2) replaced S. 227(3) subst S. 227(4) am S. 227(5) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973). (5X6X6), sch. 3 para. 9(2). 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 24. 68, s. 47(1) proviso (ii). 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5). S.I. No. 2099. 68, ss. 33(1), 37, (2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 25. 68, s. 29(5). 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 25, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 3 para. 1, sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 3 para 3, sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, ss. 56(3)(4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, ss. 56(3)(4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 18(1). 68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, s. 20(1). 68, s. 20(3). 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 20(4), sch. 2 para. 1. 68, s. 20(2). 68, s. 20(4), sch. 2 para. 2. 68, s. 20(4), sch. 2 para. 3. 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5). 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 26, sch.l4Pt.II.

clvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c. 10—cont. Income and Corporation S. 228(1)(2)(6) am. 68, s. 20(4), sch.

Taxes Act 1970— 1 S. 228(4) subst S. 232(1) Sch. F para. 2 rep. in pt. (6.4.1973). S. 232(2) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 234(3) definition of " preference shares " am. (6.4.1973). Ss. 238(2), 250(2) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973). S. 250(6) rep. in pt. S. 252(2) am Ss. 256, 258-264 ext. (prosp.). S. 269(2) rep S. 270(1X2) rep S. 270(3) am. (6) added... S. 271(1 M3) rep. S. 271(4) am Pt. XI ch. Ill (ss. 282-303). ext. S. 282(2) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 282(4) am. S. 283(4X6) rep.(6.4.1980) S. 285(6X6) am. (6.4.1973) S. 286(3) am rep. inpt. S. 286(6) am. (6.4.1973)... S. 286(6X7) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . S.287(l)(2) am. (6.4.1973) S. 287(2) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) . 1 2 para. 4. 68, s. 20(4), sch. 2 para. 5. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 27, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 27. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 28. 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. n. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 P.IV. 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5). 75, s. 59(1). 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. in. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 56(2), sch. 10 para. 12. 68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7). sch. 14 Pt. IV. 68, s. 56(2), sch. 10 para. 13. 68, s. 25(7). 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 29. 68, s. 25(6). 68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 30. 68, s. 25(5)(*)(e). 68, s. 25(5X«). 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 31. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 31, sch. 14 Pt. II. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 32. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 32(2), sch. 14 Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

clvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c. 10—cont.

Income and Corporation S. 288(1) am. (6.4.1973)... Taxes Act 1970—cont.

Ss. 290(5X6). 291(3X6)

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 33.

68, s. 25(1).

am.

S. 296(1) am. (6.4.1973)...

S. 296(2) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

68,s.37(l), sch. 6 para. 34(a).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 34(6), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 297(1) am. (6.4.1973), (2X3) subst. (6.4.1973). (4M6X8)am.(6.4.1973) S. 297(8) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

S. 297(9) am. (6.4.1973)...

rep. in pt. (6.4. 1973)

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 35(2M8).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 35(8), sch. 14 Pt. H.

68, s. 37(1), sch.

6 para. 36.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6, para. 36, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 299(5) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

68. ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para^37,sch.l4

S. 303(3) proviso (i) rep. (6.4.1980).

S. 306 am.

S. 310(3) am. (6.4.1973)...

S. 319(2)(3) am. (6.4.1973)

S. 321(1) rep. in pt.

S. 343(1 X<0 am. (6.4.1973)

S. 343(2X6) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

S. 343(3X6) am.

(6.4.1973) , (c) subst.

(6.4.1973) , am.

(6.4.1973) , (3) proviso (iXii) subst. (6.4.1973).

S. 348 subst

S. 352(4) am

Ss. 360(2), 374(1) rep. in pt.

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I.

68, s. 47(2).

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 38.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 39.

68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 40(a).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch'. 6 para. 40(6), sch. 14 Pt. H.

68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 40(cH/).

68, s. 28(1).

68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(5).

68, ss. 56(3X4), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

S.375A added

Ss. 380(2), 381(1)(2)(6) (3), 384(1)(3), 390(5) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

68, s. 19.

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

clviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c. 10—cont. Income and Corporation S. 393(1) am. (6.4.1973)... 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

Taxes Act 1970—cont. para. 41.

S. 393(2X6) rep.(6.4.1980) 68, ss. 21, 69(7),

sch. 14 Pt. I.

S. 393(2Xc) added 68, s. 21(6), sch. 3

para. 11.

S. 393(2A) added 68, s. 20(4), sch. 2

para. 6.

S. 399(l)(aX6XiiXc) rep. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69

in pt. (6.4.1973). (7), sch. 6. para. 42(a), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 399(4) added (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 42(6).

S. 400(2) (3) (5) am. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

(6.4.1973). para. 43.

S. 403(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 44.

S. 403(1) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69

(6.4.1973). (7), sch. 6 para. 44. sch. 14 Pt.

n.

S. 407(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 45.

S. 411(lXc) am. S. 411(8X6) am. S. 414(1) am 68, s. 50(8). 68, s. 27(1). 68, s. 18(2).

S. 414(1) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973) (2) rep. 69(7), sch. 6

(6.4.1973). para. 46, sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 414(7) definition of 29, s. 28(1),

" investment deposit " rep. sch. 2.

S.417(2)(a)am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 47.

S. 418(7) rep 68, ss. 56(3X4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

S. 422(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 48(a).

S. 422(2) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 48(6), sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 422(2X3X5) am. (6.4. 68, s. 37, sch. 6

1973). para. 48.

S. 423(2X3) replaced 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

(6.4.1973). para. 49.

S. 424(c) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 50.

S. 425(2) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 51.

S. 426(4X5) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 52.

S. 427(2)-(6) am. (6.4. 68. s. 37(1) sch. 6

1973). para. 53.

S. 428(2) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 54.

Effect of Legislation

clix

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c. 10—cont. Income and Corporation S. 429(2)(a) (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

Taxes Act 1970— S. 430(1X2X4) am. (6.4. para. 55. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

1973). para. 56.

S. 431(4) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 57.

rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 57, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 432(7X10) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973) , (11) rep. (6.4.1973) . 69(7), sch. 6 para. 58, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 435(1X6) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 59, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 437(1) am 68, s. 16(2X6).

S. 437(3X4) replaced ... 68, s. 16(2

Ss. 438(2X6), 440(1) am. 68, s. 16(2Xc).

S. 440(2) rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 60, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 441(1)(6) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 61, sch.

14 Pt. II.

S. 443 am. (6.4.1973) ... 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 62.

rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 62, sch.

14 Pt. n.

S. 444(1) rep. in pt. (6.4. 1972). S. 444(3X4) rep. 68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VII. 68, ss. 56(3X4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

S. 449(1X3X6) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 63, sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 450(1) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37(2), 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 451(2)(<?)(5) am. (6.4. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

1973). para. 64.

S. 451(6) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 64, sch.

14 Pt. II.

S. 453 am. (6.4.1973) ... 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 65.

rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 65, sch. 14 Pt. II.

clx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c. 10— cont Income and Corporation S. 454(2) rep 68, ss. 56(3X4),

Taxes Act 1970 69(7), sch. 14 Pt.IV.

S. 456(4) rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 66, sch.

14 Pt. n.

S. 457(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 67.

S. 458(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 68.

S. 460(4) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 69.

S. 469(l)(u) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 70.

rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69(7), sch. 6

(6.4.1973).

para. 70, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 470(3) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

S. 478(8) rep. in pt. para. 71. 68, ss. 56(3)(4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt.IV.

S. 480(1) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 72.

rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37, 38,

1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 72, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 481(1X2X6) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 73, sch. 14 Pt. n.

S. 485(4) am 68, s. 49, sch. 8

para. 16(5).

S. 489(11) rep. in pt. ... 68, ss. 55(1X2),

• 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. m.

S. 492(9) added 68, s. 49, sch. 8

para. 16(7).

S. 493(6) definition of 68, s. 49, sch. 8

" anticipated normal working life " subst. para. 16(8).

S. 496(6) rep. in pt. (6.4. 68, ss. 37(2), 38,

1973). 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 497(10) added (6.4. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

1973). para. 74.

S. 498(4) am 68, s. 26(3).

rep. in pt. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. vn.

S. 500(1) definition of 68, s. 69(7), sch.

" Commonwealth territory " rep. 14 Pt. vn.

S. 507(1) am 68, s. 26(4).

S. 507(2)(3) rep. 68, ss. 26(4), 69

(7), sch. 14 Pt. vn.

Effect of Legislation

clxi

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c. 10— cont Income and Corporation S. 508 subst 68, s. 26(2).

Taxes Act 1970—cont. S. 510(5) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 75.

S. 522 am. (6.4.1973) ... 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6 para. 76.

S. 526(5) definitions of—

"ordinary share 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

capital ", "preference dividend " am. (6.4. para. 77.

1973). " capital allowance " 68, s. 49, sch. 8

am. para. 16(3).

S. 528(1X3) am. (6.4.1973) 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

para. 78.

S. 528(4X5) rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 6 para. 78, sch. 14 Pt. II.

S. 528(5Xc) am. 68, s. 49, sch. 8

para. 16(5).

S. 533 ext 68, ss. 40(2Xa),

49, sch. 8 paras. 3, 13.

Sch. 3 para. 1 rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37(2), 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

para. 6 rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37, 38, 69

(6.4.1973). (7), sch. 6 para. 79, sch. 14 Pt.

II.

Sch. 4 rep 68, ss. 55(1X2),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. III.

Sch. 5 paras. 1(c), 7 am. 68, s. 37(1), sch. 6

(6.4.1973). para. 80.

Sch. 7 rep. 68, ss. 56(3X4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

Sch. 8 para. 2 rep. in pt. 68, ss. 37(2), 38,

(6.4.1973). 69(7), sch. 14 Pt.II.

para. 14(a) am. ... 68, s. 49, sch. 8

para. 16(9).

Sch. 10 para. 7(4) rep. 68, ss. 56(3X4),

69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

paras. 11(1X*X2) 68, ss. 37(2), 38,

(6)(3)(6)(4), 12 69(7), sch. 14

(2X6) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973). Pt. II.

Sch. 10 para. 15, sch. 14 68, ss. 56(3X4),

paras. 7, 8 rep. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. IV.

Sch. 14 para. 28 rep.... S.I. No. 2099. 29, s. 28(1), sch. 2

Sch. 15 rep. in pt. < 68, ss. 55(1X2), 69(7), sch. 14

I pt. in.

c. 11 Sea Fish Industry Act Sch. 4 para. 12 am. S.I. No. 2099.

1970.

u

clxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970—contd. c. 14 ...

c. 15 ...

c. 20 ...

c. 24 ...

Education (School Milk) Act 1970.

Export Guarantees and Payments Act 1970. Roads (Scotland) Act 1970.

Finance Act 1970

Rep.

Am.

S. 39 ext.

S. 43 am.

S. 8 rep. ... S. 9 rep. ...

Ss. 11(2), 14(1X<0 (i)-(iii), (b) ((/) rep. (6.4.1973).

S. 14(l)(c)(e) rep.

S. 15(1) am

S. 19(1) subst

S. 19(2A) added

S. 19(4) subst

S. 20(2) subst

S. 21(2A) added S. 21(6) rep

Ss. 21(10) (11), 22(4), 23(6) rep. (6.4.1980).

S. 24(2) subst

S. 26(1) definitions of— " administrator " rep. in pt. (6.4.1980).

" final remuneration " added.

S. 29(1) (a) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

S. 29(1) (b)mod.

S. 29(2) (b)rep. inpt.,(3) (b) (c) rep.

S. 29(4) rep. in pt. (6.4.1973).

S. 34(1) (a)(2) rep. ... Sch. 5 Pt I rep. (6.4.1980)

Pt. II paras. 2, 3 replaced, para. 2(2)-(4) appl.

para. 4 am.

74, s. 1(4).

S.I. No. 2119.

75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5

62, s. 18(1), sch.

12, s. 24(2), sch. 7.

10, s. 39(5), sch.

8 Pt. I.

68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 pt. vn.

68, s. 51.

68, s. 21(2).

68, s. 21(3).

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 12(1).

68, s. 21(4).

68, s. 21(5).

68, s. 56(3X4), 69 (7), sch. 14 Pt.

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I. 68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 12(2).

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 3 para. 12 *), sch. 14 Pt.

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 12(4).

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 93, sch. 14 Pt. II.

68, s. 55(5), sch. 9 para. 4(1).

68, ss. 55(1) (2), 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. III.

68, ss. 37, 38, 69 (7), sch. 6 para. 93, sch. 14 Pt. II.

29, s. 28(1), sch. 2.

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I.

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 7.

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 8(3).

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 12(5).

Effect of Legislation

clxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1970: c.24—cont.

Finance Act 1970—cont.

c. 31 ...

Administration of Justice Act 1970.

Sch. 5 para. 5 rep. and superseded

(6.4.1980) .

Pt. in paras. 9(1), 10 am.

para. 12(2) rep. (6.4.1980).

para 12(6) added.

para. 12(7) rep. in pt.

(6.4.1980) .

Sch. 6 Pt. I rep., para.

4(1) rep. in pt.

Sch. 7 paras. 1(3) 8

rep.

Sch. 8 Pt. HI rep. in pt. (6.4.1980).

Appointed day for Pts. II, HI, ss. 41-43, 54 (3) in pt., schs. 4-10, 11 in pt. (2.8.1971).

Apptd. day for ss. 1-4, 50, 54 (3) in pt., schs. 1-3, 11 in pt. (1.10.1971).

S. 4(2) am

Ss. 7, 8 rep

Ss. 13-26, 27(1) (2), 28(1) definitions of "Act Of 1958", "administration order", "the court", " debtor ", " judgment debt", "relevant adjudication " " the employer ", " legal aid contribution order ", and words from

" maintenance pay-

ments" onwards, (2)-(5), 29(1X4), 30(3) (4) rep.

S. 37(1) rep. in pt.

S. 41 ext.

S. 43(1) 0 b)am.

S. 43(5) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

(6) rep. (prosp.).

S. 45(1) rep. ...

S. 49 rep.

Ss. 53, 54(6) rep. in pt.

S. 54(6) rep. in pt.

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 3 para. 9 (5), sch. 14 Pt. I.

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 13(2) (3).

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I.

68, s. 21(6), sch. 3 para. 12(6).

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I.

68, ss. 55(1) (2), 69(7), sch. 14

68, s. 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. VI.

68, ss. 21, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. I.

S.I. No. 834.

S.I. No. 1244.

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 60(1).

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

32, s. 29(2), sch.

6.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. II.

23, s. 50(5).

23, s. 56(1), sch. 8 para. 60(2).

33, s. 77(1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

3, s. 18(2), sch. 2. 32, s. 29(2), sch. 6.

25, s. 12(1), sch. 2 Pt. I.

clxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c.31—cont. Administration of Justice Sch. 1 am 3, s. 18(1), sch. 1.

Act 1970— cont. Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. 25, s. 12(1), sch.

2 Pt. I.

paras. 6 rep. inpt.. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

10 rep. 11 Pt.IV.

Schs. 5-7 rep 32, s. 29(2), sch. 3, s.‘18(1), sch. 1.

Sch. 8 para. 4 am.

Sch.9 ext 23, s. 50(5).

paras. 1-15 am.... 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

para. 60(3).

para. 8 rep. 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

para. 9A added ... 48, s. 8(4).

paras. 16-20 re- 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

placed, para. 21 rep. para. 60(4). 23, s. 56(4), sch.

11 Pt. IV.

Sch. 11 rep. in pt. 3, s. 18(2), sch. 2.

c. 35 Conveyancing and Feudal Apptd. day for ss. 1-6, S.I. No. 199.

Reform (Scotland (Act 51-53 in pt. (1.3.1971).

1970. Pt. n (ss. 9-32) expld. ... 45, s. 2.

S. 11(3) am. and rep. in 45, s. 1(a).

pt.

S. 16(3) rep 68, s. 69(7), sch

14 Pt. VI.

S. 18(1) am 45, s. 1(6).

S. 18(1 A) added 45, s. 1(c).

S. 18(2) am 45, s. 1 (A

S. 23(3) am 45, s. 1(e).

S. 28(5X6Xfl) am. 45, s. 1(/).

Sch. 3 para. 110X2X5) 45, s. 1(g).

c. 36 am.

Merchant Shipping Act S. 40(2) am. (3) subst. ... 72, s. 169, sch. 8.

1970. S. 95(4) am 32, s. 27(3).

c. 38 Building (Scotland) Act Apptd. day for provisions S.I. No. 744.

1970. under s. 8(3Xa) of Act (15.6.1971).

c. 40 Agriculture Act 1970 ... S. 101 rep 28, s. 135(5), sch.

20.

c. 42 Local Authority Social Apptd. day for s. 11 S.I. No. 1221.

c. 43 Services Act 1970. Trees Act 1970 (1.10.1971). S. 1 rep. (E.) (1.4.1972) 78, s. 292(2), sch.

25.

c. 44 Chronically Sick and Apptd. day for S. 1 S.I. No. 698.

Disabled Persons Act (1.10.1971).

1970. Apptd. day for S. 21 S.I. No. 1491.

c. 51 National Insurance (Old persons’ and widows’ (1.12.1971). Apptd. day for ss. 4, 6, S.I. No. 297.

sch. 2 Pt. I paras. 5-7,

pensions and attend- 9,12,13 (8.3.1971), for

ance allowance) Act s. 8(8) (6.12.1971).

1970. S. 1(1) am 50, s. 14, sch. 5

para. 12(1).

- S. 1(2X6) rep 50, ss. 14, 16(3),

sch. 5 para. 12(1) sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation

clxv

Chapter of 1971

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure dr

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1970:

c. 51—eont. National Insurance (Old S. 4(2) am. ... ... 50, s. 14, sch. 5

persons* and widows* para. 12(2).

pensions and attend- S. 7(1) rep. ... ... 50, s. 16(3), sch. 7

anee allowance) Act S. 8(6) rep. 56, s. 18(5), sch. 8

1970.—ronf. Pt. I.

S. 10(3) am Sch. 2 para. 11 rep. 73, s. 10(2). 50, s. 16(3),

sch. 7.

c. 52 Education (Handicapped S. 2(1) rep. in pt. 74, s. 4(4).

Children) Act 1970.

c. 54 Income and Corporation Taxes (No. 2) Act 1970. S. 2 rep. in pt. (6.4.1973) S. 2(6) rep. (6.4.1972) ... 68, ss. 37(2), 38, 69(7), sch. 14 Pt. n. 68, s. 69(7), sch.

14 Pt. vn.

c. 55 Family Income Supple- Apptd. day for s. 16 S.I. No. 225.

ments Act 1970. (3.8.1971). Ss. 2(1), 3(1) am. S. 14 rep. S.I. No. 702. 32, s. 29(2), sch. 6. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

c. 57 ... .:. Town and Country Plan- S. 2 rep. (1.4.1972) ...

ning Regulations (London) (Indemnity) 25.

Act 1970.

0.58 ... ... Expiring Laws Continu- Rep. (prosp.) 77, s. 34(1), sch.

ance Act 1970. 6.

1971:

c. 5 Air Corporation Act 1971 Rep. (prosp.) 75,s.69(2),sch. 11

c. 6 ... ... Civil Aviation (Declara- Rep. (prosp.) 75, s. 69(2), sch.

tory Provisions) Act 1971. 11.

c. 10... ... Vehicles (Excise) Act S. 2(5) rep. (31.3.1973) ... 10, s. 2(6).

1971. S. 6 excl. 68, s. 4(3).

Sch. 3 para. 6(1) am., 68, s. 6(1).

(tractors). Sch. 7 Pt. I Power to rep. 10, s. 39(2).

c. 12 Hydrocarbon Oil (Cus- Sch. 1 paras. 2(6), 3(6) 68, s. 6(2).

toms and Excise) Act 1971. am.

c. 18 ... Land Commission (Dis- Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

solution) Act 1971. (1.4.1972). 25.

c. 21 Oil in Navigable Waters Apptd. day for ss. 2, 3,. S.I. No. 932.

Act 1971. 5,7-10,11(1) (2) in pt.,

12, sch. 1 para. 6, sch. 2, sch. 3 in pt.

(21.6.1971). Rep. (prosp.) 60, s. 33(1), sch.

c. 23 Courts Act 1971 Whole Act in force by S.I. No. 1151.

(1.1.1972). S. 28(2) (6) am. (1.4.1972) 78, s. 291(1), sch.

23 Pt. n.

Sch. 8 para. 41 rep. 23, s. 56(1), sch. 8

(prosp.). para. 41.

Sch. 9 rep. in pt. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

c. 28 Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 Mod. (prosp.) 40, s. 34, sch. Pt. m. 62, s. 7(7) (6).

Sch. Ham.

clxvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1971: c. 28—cont. Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 Sch. 18 Pt. II rep. in pt.... 62, s. 18(2), sch. 4

c. 36 . —cont. Motor Vehicles (Passen- Appt. day for whole Act Pt. I. S.I. No. 964.

c. 38 ger Insurance). Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (1.12.1972). Apptd. day for ss. 1, 32, S.I. No. 2120.

c. 41 ... ... Highways Act 1971 1 35, 37, 38, 40, sch. 1 (1.2.1972). Apptd. day for Pts. I S.I. No. 1705.

except ss. 14(10), 18, II except ss. 31,32,40-43, IH except s. 53(4), IV except s. 86(1) (2) in pt., schs. 1, 2, 4-10, 11 except para. 5, sch. 12 in pt. and sch. 13 (1.11.1971) . Apptd. day for ss. 31, 32, 40-43, sch. 3, sch. 11 para. 5, sch. 12 in pt. (17.1.1972) . Ss. 3(1) (4), 4(1), 8(1) (a) S.I. No. 2003. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

am. (1.4.1972). 23 Pt. II.

c. 50 National Insurance Act S. 23(1) rep. in pt. S. 40(3) am. (1.4.1972)... S. 50 rep. (1.4.1972) ... S. 63 am. (1.4.1972) ... S. 65 ext. Ss. 77, 78(2), sch. 7 rep. (1.4.1972) . Sch. 10 paras. 1-5 am. (1.4.1972) . Apptd. days for certain 48, s. 11(8), sch. Pt. I. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II. 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25. 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n. 75, s. 18(1), sch. 5 para. 5 (ee). 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25. 78. s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. II. S.I. No. 1149.

c. 54 1971. Land Registration and specified provisions. Apptd. days for s. 16(1) paras. (a)(b). (23.8. 1971). Apptd. days for ss. 1, 2, 5.1. No. 1332. 5.1. No. 1489.

c. 58 Land Charges Act 1971. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) sch. 2 Pt. II in pt. (1.10.1971), sch. 2 Pt. II in pt. (2.10.1972). Apptd. day for Pt. I, ss. S.I. No. 1582.

c. 59 Act 1971. Merchant Shipping (Oil 32-34, Pt. IV except s. 44(3), sch. 1 para. 1, sch. 2 Pt. I in pt. (1.11.1971). Apptd. day for ss. 1 except subs. (2), 2, 3, 9, 13(1), 14(1). 15-18, 20, S.I. No. 1423.

Pollution) Act 1971.

c. 61 ... Mineral Workings (Off- 21 (9.9.1971). S. 10(l)(c) rep. 60, s. 33(1), sch.

c. 62 shore Installations) Act 1971. Tribunals and Inquiries Appl. (E.) (1.4.1972) ... 78, s. 49(5), sch. 9

i Act 1971. Appl. (E.) (prosp.) para. 7(1). 78, s. 13(1 )(/>).

v^.

Effect of Legislation

clxvii

Session and

Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1971: c.62—cont.

c. 66 ... c. 68 ...

c. 70 ... c. 72 ...

c. 73 ...

c. 75 ...

Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971—cont.

Friendly Societies Act 1971.

Finance Act 1971

Hijacking Act 1971. ...

Industrial Relations Act 1971.

Social Security Act 1971

Civil Aviation Act 1971

S. 8excl.

Sch. 1 am

Sch. 3 rep. in pt.

(1.4.1972).

Apptd. days for S.9

(1.12.1971) , all other provisions (31.12.1971).

Apptd. day for sch. 1 paras, 1, 4, 5, 7, 11

(25.10.1971) .

Apptd. day for whole Act

(27.10.1971) .

Apptd. day for ss. 1-4, 33(4), 35(1) in pt., 61-65, 67-69, 71-75, 78-80,84-95,99,114,135, 153, 154, 156, 157, 158(1) in pt., (2), 163, 164, 166, 167 in pt., 168-170, sch. 3 Pts. I, II, V in pt., schs. 4, 5, and 8, 9 in pt. (1.10. 1971).

Apptd. day for ss. 120-122, 150, 155, 165, 167 in pt., sch. 3 Pts. Ill and IV, V in pt., schs.

8 and 9 in pt. (1.11.

1971) .

Apptd. day for ss. 8, 9, 11-18, 31, 32, 33(2X3) (</), 34, 35 residue, 36-55, 58-60, 76, 77, 100 (2X3), 101, 102(lXfl) (2 mb), 105,112,115-117, 124, 125, 127 in pt., 129, 136(6), 138-145, 158 residue, 159-162,167 residue, sch. 1, sch. 3 paras. 43 and 53 residue, schs. 6, 8 and

9 in pt. (1.12.1971). Apptd. day for s. 7, sch.

2 Pt. 11(16.8.1971), s.8

(6.9.1971) .

Apptd. day for s. 1(3)(4)

(3.11.1971) , s. 2 (3.4.

1972) .

Apptd. days for sch. 10 paras, 3. 6 and 7 in pt., 8-10, 12, 25-27 (1.10. 1971), s. 29 (1.11.1971). Apptd. day for ss. 37, 38(1X/) in Pt., 41(1) (4X5), 53(1 Xa), sch. 8

(7.10.1971) .

Apptd. day for Pt. I, s.21(2) in pt., (3), 22(1) (6) in pt., 22(7), 23(1) (4), 24(1)(3)(6) in pt.,

75, s. 5(3X6). 75, s. 5(3)(«). 78, s. 292(2), sch. 25.

S.I. No. 1899.

5.1. No. 1298.

5.1. No. 1734.

5.1. No. 1522.

S.I. No. 1682.

S.I. No. 1761.

5.1. No. 1291.

5.1. No. 1683.

S.I. No. 1573.

S.I. No. 1636.

S.I. No. 1992.

clxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1971 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1971: c.75 —corn. Civil Aviation Act 1971 26,27(2)inpt.,(3M5),

—cont. 28(2) in pt., 31-36. 61, 62(2M5), 63-68, 69(1)

in pt., schs. 1-3, 5-7, 9, sch. 10 paras. 1, 4, 13-15 and paras. 6, 7 residue (20.12.1971). Ss. 14(6X7X9), 17 am. 78, s. 291(1), sch.

(1.4.1972). Sch. 2 para. 9 am. 23 Pt. n. 68, s. 49, sch. 8 para. 16(10).

Sch. 5 paras, 5{q\bb) rep. (1.4.1972), (fi) added 78, s. 291(1), sch. 23 Pt. n.

(1.4.1972) , 6(/X0 rep. (1.4.1972) , added (1.4.1972) , 7(cXs) rep. (1.4.1972) , (i) added (1.4.1972) , 8 am. (1.4. 1972). Sch. 5 para. 8(3) rep. 78, s. 292(2), sch.

(1.4.1972). 25.

[Index removed.]

