THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
AND GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES
1975
with
Lists of the Public General Acts
and Local Acts
and a Table of the Effect ofLegislation
and an Index
[IN THREE PARTS]
PART II
LONDON
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
1976
£ 43.50 net
(for three parts)
C
THIS PUBLICATION
relates to
the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures
which received the Royal Assent in 1975
in which year ended the TWENTY-THIRD
and began the TWENTY- FOURTH YEAR
of the Reign of HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND
and
ended the First Session
and began the Second Session
of the Forty-Seventh Parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland.
381462 A2
d
Printed by HAROLD GLOVER,
Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and
Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament
e
CONTENTS
PART I Page
TABLE 1 : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1975
...
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1975
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1975, cc. 1-21... ... ...
...
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod measures of 1975... 8
j
m
0
1
ccliii
PART II
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
Page
g
j
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1975
...
m
TABLE IV : Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1975
0
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1975, cc. 22-65... ... ...
... 985
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures of 1975 ccliii
PART III
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1975
...
Page
8
j
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1975
...
m
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1975
0
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1975, cc. 66-83... ... ... ... 1977
THE GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES OF 1975, Nos. 1 , 2
... ... ... 2801
TABLE V: Tables of the Derivations and Destinations of the Consolida-
tion Acts of 1975
... ... ... ... ...
TABLE VI : Effect of Legislation
... ... ... ... ...
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures of 1975 i
lv
ccliii
g
TABLE I
Alphabetical List of
the Public General Acts of 1975
Part Page
Airports Authority Act ( c. 78)
... ... ...
...
III 2755
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act ( c. 36 )
... ... ... 1281
II
Appropriation Act ( c. 44 )
... .. 1327
II
...
Arbitration Act ( c. 3)
... ...
... ...
I 6
Biological Standards Act ( c. 4 )
... ... ... ... ... I 10
British Leyland Act (c. 43 )
II
... ... 1325
Child Benefit Act ( c. 61)... ... ... ... ... II 1775
Children Act ( c. 72 ) ... ... ... ... ... ... III
2313
Cinematograph Films Act ( c. 73) ... ... ... ... 2433
III
Civil List Act (c. 82 ) ... ... ... ... 2796
... ...
III
Coal Industry Act (c. 56 ) ... ... ... ... ... ... II
1625
Community Land Act (c. 77 ) ... ... ... ... ... III
2661
Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act ( c. 48) II... 1519
Consolidated Fund Act ( c. 1)... ... ... ... ... I 1
Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 12 )... ... ... ... I 295
Consolidated Fund ( No. 3) Act ( c. 79)... ... ... ... 2791
III
Criminal Jurisdiction Act ( c. 59) ... ... ... ... .. 1673
II
Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act (c. 21)... ... ... I 759
Diseases of Animals Act ( c. 40 ) District Courts Act ( c. 20 )... ... ... ... ... .. 1313
II
I 735
Education Act (c. 2 )... ... ... ... ... I 2
...
Employment Protection Act ( c. 71) ... ... ... ... 2105
III
Evidence ( Proceedings in other Jurisdictions) Act ( c. 34 )... II 1253
Export Guarantee Act ( c. 38)... ... ... ... ... II 1305
Export Guarantee Amendment Act (c. 19)... ... I 730
...
h Alphabetical List
Farriers (Registration ) Act (c. 35 )
... ... ... ...
Finance Act (c. 7 ) ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Finance (No. 2 ) Act ( c. 45 ) ... ... ... ... ... Part Page
II 1263
I 63
II
1389
General Rate Act (c. 5 )
Guard Dogs Act ( c. 50 )
... ... ... ... ... 15
I
... ... ... ... ... ... II
1538
Hearing Aid Council (Extension) Act ( c. 39) House of Commons Disqualification Act (c. 24 )
Housing Finance (Special Provisions) Act ( c. 67 )
Housing Rents and Subsidies Act ( c. 6 )
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act (c. 28) ... ... ... 1311
II
... ...
II 1079
III
... ... 1983
... ... ...
I 17
... 1133
...
II
Industrial and Provident Societies Act ( c. 41) ... ... ...
II 1319
Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Northern Ireland Old Cases)
Act(c. 17 ) I 673
... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Old Cases) Act (c. 16 ) ...
I 657
Industry Act (c. 68) ... ... ... ... ...
III 1989
Inheritance ( Provisions of Family and Dependants ) Act ( c. 63) II 1825
International Road Haulage Permits Act ( c. 46 ) ... ... 1511
II
Iron and Steel Act ( c. 64 ) ... 1851..
II
Limitation Act ( c. 54 ) ... ... ... ... 1603
..
II
Litigants in Person ( Costs and Expenses) Act ( c. 47 ) ... 1517
II
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act (c. 30 ) .. ..
II 1175
Local Land Charges Act ( c. 76 ) ... ... ... ... ... III
2635
Lotteries Act (c. 58 ) ... ... 1655
II
Malta Republic Act (c. 31) ... ...
II 1242
Mental Health (Amendment) Act (c. 29) ... ... ... 1171
II
Ministerial and other Salaries Act (c. 27 ) ...
II 1127
Ministers of the Crown Act (c. 26 ) ... .. 1119
II
Mobile Homes Act ( c. 49 ) ... 1527
..
II
Moneylenders (Crown Agents) Act ( c. 81) III... 2794
New Towns Act ( c. 42 ) II
... ... ... ... ... II 1322
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act (c. 25 )
... 1103
Π
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) ( Amendment) Act
( с. 62 ) ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Northern Ireland ( Loans) Act (c. 83)
Nursing Homes Act (c. 37 )
II 1807
... ... ...
III 2797
... ... 1291II
Alphabetical List i
Part Page
Offshore Petroleum Development ( Scotland ) Act (c. 8) ...
I 221
Oil Taxation Act (c. 22 )... ... ... ... ... 985
II
OECD Support Fund Act (c. 80 ) ... ...
III 2792
Petroleum and Submarine Pipe -Lines Act ( c. 74 ) .. ...
III Policy Holders Protection Act ( c. 75 ) ... ... ... ...
III Prices Act(c. 32 ) II
... ... ... ... 1244.. ...
Public Service Vehicles (Arrest ofOffenders) Act (c. 53) ...
II 2435
2595
1600
Recess Elections Act (c. 66 ) ... ... ... ... ... III
1977
Referendum Act ( c. 33) ... ... ... ... ... ... II
1248
Remuneration Charges and Grants Act ( c. 57 )... ... II 1650
Reservoirs Act (c. 23) II
... ... ... 1051... ...
Safety of Sports Grounds Act ( c. 52 ) ... .. ... ... 1587
II
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act ( c. 51) ... ... 1543
II
Scottish Development Agency Act (c. 69) ... 2043...
...
III
Sex Discrimination Act (c. 65) ... .. ... 1899
II
Social Security Act (c. 14 ) ... ... ... ...
I 299
Social Security Benefits Act (c. 11) ... .. ...
I 267
Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act (c. 18)... I 683
Social Security ( Northern Ireland ) Act ( c. 15 )... ... ... I 485
Social Security Pensions Act ( c. 60 ) ... ... ... ... 1695
II
Statute Law (Repeals) Act (c. 10 )... ... ... ... I 249
Statutory Corporations ( Financial Provisions) Act ( c. 55 ) ... 1613
II
Supply Powers Act (c. 9) ... ... ... ... ... ...
I 241
Unsolicited Goods and Services ( Amendment) Act ( c. 13) ...
I 296
Welsh Development Agency Act ( c. 70 ) ... ... ..
III 2075
j
TABLE II
Chronological List of
the Public and General Acts of 1975
Chapter
Part Page
1 Consolidated Fund Act
... I 1
2 Education Act... ... ... ... ... I 2
3 Arbitration Act... ... ... ... ... I 6
...
4 Biological Standards Act... ... ... I 10
5 General Rate Act... ... ... ... I 15
6 Housing Rents and Subsidies Act... I 17... ...
7 Finance Act... ... ... ... I 63
8 Offshore Petroleum Development (Scotland) Act I 221
...
*9 Supply Powers Act... ... ... ... I 241
10 Statute Law (Repeals) Act... ... ... I 249
11 Social Security Benefits Act ... ... ... ...
I 267
12 Consolidated Fund ( No. 2) Act I 295
... ...
13 Unsolicited Goods and Services ( Amendment) Act I 296
...
*14 Social Security Act... ... ... ... ... I 299
* 15 Social Security ( Northern Ireland ) Act... ... I 485
*16 Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act... I 657
*17 Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Northern Ireland Old
Cases ) Act I 673
... ... ... ...
18 Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act I 683
...
19 Export Guarantee Amendment Act I 730
... ... ...
20 District Courts ( Scotland) Act... ... ... I 735
...
*21 Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act... ... ... I 759
22 Oil Taxation Act ... ... ... ... ... ...
II 985
23 Reservoirs Act II 1051
... ... ... ... ... ...
*24 House of Commons Disqualification Act II 1079
... ...
*25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act ... 1103
II
*26 Ministers of the Crown Act ... ... ... ... 1119
II
*27 Ministerial and other Salaries Act II 1127
... ... ...
28 Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland) Act ... ...
II 1133
29 Mental Health ( Amendment) Act ... ... ...
II 1171
30 Local Government ( Scotland) Act II 1175
...
...
...
31 Malta Republic Act ... ... ...
II 1242
32 Prices Act II 1244
... ... ... ... ... ...
33 Referendum Act II 1248
... ... ... ... ... ...
34 Evidence ( Proceedings in other Jurisdictions) Act ...
II 1253
* ConsolidationAct.
Chronological List k
Chapter Part Page
35 Farriers (Registration) Act II
... 1263
36 Air Travel Reserve Fund Act ...
...
... 1281
II
*37 Nursing Homes Act II
... ... ... 1291
*38 Export Guarantee Act II... 1305... ... ...
39 Hearing Aid Council (Extension) Act .. 1311
II
40 Diseases of Animals Act II 1313
41 Industrial and Provident Societies Act II
... .. 1319
42 New Towns Act II
... 1322
...
43 British Leyland Act II
... ... ... ... 1325
44 Appropriation Act II 1327... ...
45 Finance ( No. 2) Act ...
II 1389
46 International Road Haulage Permits Act ... 1511
II
47 Litigants in Person ( Costs and Expenses) Act ... 1517
II
48 Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act II 1519
49 Mobile Homes Act II
... 1527
50 Guard Dogs Act II
... ... 1538...
*51 Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act II 1543
... ... ...
52 Safety of Sports Grounds Act ... ... ... 1587
...
II
53 Public Service Vehicles ( Arrest of Offenders) Act
II 1600
...
54 Limitation Act
...
II 1603
55 Statutory Corporations ( Financial Provisions) Act ... 1613
II
56 Coal Industry Act ...
...
... ...
II 1625
57 Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act II 1650
... ...
58 Lotteries Act... ... ... ..
II 1655
59 Criminal Jurisdiction Act II 1673
60 Social Security Pensions Act ... ...
II 1695
61 Child Benefit Act ... ... ... ...
II 1775
62 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) (Amendment)
Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... II 1807
63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) Act II 1825
* 64 Iron and Steel Act ... ... ... 1851...
II
65 Sex Discrimination Act ... ... ... ...
II 1899
*66 Recess Elections Act ... ...
III 1977
67 Housing Finance ( Special Provisions) Act III 1983
...
68 Industry Act III
... 1989
... ... ... ... ...
69 Scottish Development Agency Act III 2043
... ...
..
70 Welsh Development Agency Act ... ... ...
III 2075
71 Employment Protection Act ... ... ...
III 2105
... ... ... ... ... ... 72 Children Act III
2313
73 Cinematograph Films Act ... ...
III 2433
74 Petroleum and Submarine Pipe-Lines Act III 2435
... ...
75 Policy Holders Protection Act ... ... ... 2595
...
III
76 Local Land Charges Act ... ... ... ...
III 2635
77 Community Land Act ... ... ... ... ...
III 2661
* ConsolidationAct.
1 Chronological List
Chapter Part Page
*78 Airports Authority Act ... ... ... ... ...
III 2755
79 Consolidated Fund ( No. 3) Act ... ... ...
III 2791
80 OECD Support Fund Act ... ... ... ...
III 2792
81 Money Lenders (Crown Agents) Act III 2794
... ... ...
82 Civil List Act ... ... ... ... ...
III 2796
83 Northern Ireland ( Loans) Act ... ... ... ...
III 2797
* ConsolidationAct.
m
TABLE III
Alphabetical List of
the Local and Personal Acts of 1975
Chapter
British Railways Act
... i
British Railways ( No. 2) Act
xxxi
British Transport Docks Act xix
...
British Waterways Act xxiii
... ..
Brookwood Cemetery Act... .. ... ... ... XXXV
Commonwealth Portland Cement Company, Limited Act ... ...
vi
Corn Exchange Act... ... xii
... .. ...
Dart Harbour and Navigation Authority Act
... ... ... xxii
Dundee Harbour Order Confirmation Act
... ... ... xvii
Dundee Port Authority Order Confirmation Act... ... ... xviii
Fraserburgh Harbour Order Confirmation Act xiii
Friends' Provident Life Office Act... ... ... xiv
... ...
Greater Glasgow Passenger Transport Order Confirmation Act... xxvi
Greater London Council ( General Powers) Act... ... XXX
...
Greater London Council (Money) Act... ... ... ... xxvii
Lerwick Harbour (Miscellaneous Provisions) Order Confirmation Act XXV
London Transport Act... ... ... ... xxxi
London Transport ( Additional Powers) Act
... ix
Mallaig Harbour Order Confirmation Act
.. ... ... ... xxxiii
McDermott Scotland Order Confirmation Act
... ... ... xxiv
Merseyside Metropolitan Railway Act... ...
...
xi
Milford Haven Conservancy Act... ... ..
... xxviii
Ocean Transport and Trading (Delivery Warrants) Act
... ... V
Pier and Harbour Order (Fishguard and Goodwick Harbour) Con-
firmation Act... ... ... .. ... ... ... ... ii
Plymouth City Council Act... ... ... ... ... ... XX
Port Askaig Pier Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... xxxii
Queen's Road Brighton Burial Ground Act... ... iii
n Local and Personal Acts
Chapter
xxxiv
Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh Order Confirmation Act...
Scottish Transport Group ( Port Ellen Harbour ) Order Confirmation
Act ... ... ... ... ... ...
... xvi
Scrabster Harbour Order Confirmation Act
Shard Bridge Act... ...
Sheffield City Council Act
Standard and Chartered Bank Act... vii
.. xxxvi
... ... ... .. XV
...
...
iv
Stornoway Trust Order Confirmation Act...
viii
United Dominions Trust Act... ... ... ... X
Westminster Abbey Act... ... ... ... ...
James Hugh Maxwell ( Naturalisation) Act... ... ... ...
xxi
1
0
TABLE IV
Chronological List of
the General Synod Measures of 1975
Measures passed by the General Synod of the Church ofEngland
which received the Royal Assent during the year 1975
No. 1 Church Commissioners (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure
No. 2. Ecclesiastical Offices ( Age Limit) Measure
c. 22 985
5
DIEUET

MONDROIT
SINOHE
Oil Taxation Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 22
An Act to impose a new tax in respect of profits from sub-
stances won or capable of being won under the authority
oflicences granted under the Petroleum (Production)Act
1934 or the Petroleum (Production) Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1964; to make in the law relating to income
tax and corporation tax amendments connected with
such substances or with petroleum companies ; and
for connected purposes. [8th May 1975]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to
defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition
to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give
and grant unto Your Majesty the new tax hereinafter mentioned
and to make such other provision as is hereinafter contained; and
do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be
enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,
by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,
and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
PETROLEUM REVENUE TAX
1.-( 1) A tax, to be known as petroleum revenue tax, shall Petroleum
be charged in accordance with this Part of this Act in respect of revenue tax.
profits from oil won under the authority of a licence granted
under either the Petroleum (Production) Act 1934 or the 1934 c. 36.
Petroleum ( Production) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 ; and in 1964 c. 28
Part II A (Ν.Ι. ) .
1 Oil Taxation Act 1975
986 c. 22
PART I
this Part of this Act " oil " means any substance so won or
capable of being so won other than methane gas won in the
course of operations for making and keeping mines safe.
( 2) For each oil field the tax shall, in the case of each par-
ticipator, be charged at the rate of 45 per cent. on the assessable
profit accruing to him in any chargeable period from that
field, as reduced under section 7 of this Act by any allowable
losses and under section 8 of this Act by reference to his share,
if any, of the oil allowance for that period, subject however
to the limit imposed in his case by section 9 of this Act.
( 3) In relation to any oil field-
( a ) the first chargeable period is the period ending at the
end of the critical half year (including an unlimited
time prior to the beginning of that half year) ; and
( b) each subsequent half year is a chargeable period.
( 4 ) In this section-
" the critical half year ", in relation to an oil field, means
the first half year ending after 12th November 1974
at the end of which the total amount of oil ever won
and saved from the field exceeds 1,000 long tons
( counting 40,000 cubic feet of gas at a temperature of
15 degrees centigrade and pressure of one atmosphere
as equivalent to one long ton ) ;
" half year " means a period of six months ending at the
end of June or December.
( 5) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the determination of oil fields, and Schedule 2 to this Act shall
have effect with respect to the management and collection of the
tax; and this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to the
further provisions in Schedule 3 to this Act and, in connection
with certain gas sold to the British Gas Corporation, to section 10
of this Act.
Assessable
profits and
allowable
losses.
2. (1) For the purposes of the tax the assessable profit or
allowable loss accruing to a participator in any chargeable
period from an oil field shall be computed in accordance with
the following provisions of this section.
(2) The assessable profit or allowable loss so accruing in the
period is the difference (if any) between the sum of the positive
amounts for the period and the sum of the negative amounts for
the period ; and that difference (if any) is an assessable profit if
the sum of the positive amounts is greater than the sum of the
negative amounts, and is otherwise an allowable loss.
( 3) For the period-
( a ) the positive amounts for the purposes of this section are
the following ( as defined in this section ), namely the
c . 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 987
gross profit (if any ) accruing to the participator in the
period, his licence credit (if any ) for the period, and
any amount to be credited to him for the period in
respect of expenditure ; and
( b) the negative amounts for those purposes are the follow-
ing (as so defined ) namely the gross loss (if any) so
accruing, his licence debit ( if any) for the period, and
any amount to be debited to him for the period in
respect of expenditure.
( 4 ) The gross profit or loss (if any) accruing to the participator
in the period is the difference ( if any ) between-
( a) the aggregate of the amounts mentioned in subsection (5)
below; and
( b ) one- half of the market value, at the end of the pre-
ceding chargeable period, of so much of his share of
oil won from the field as he had then either-
(i ) not disposed of and not relevantly appro-
priated ; or
(ii) disposed of but not delivered,
and the difference (if any ) is a gross profit if the said aggregate
is greater than one- half of the said market value, and is other-
wise a gross loss.
( 5 ) The amounts referred to in subsection ( 4 )(a) above are-
( a ) the price received or receivable for so much of any oil
won from the field and disposed of by him crude in
sales at arm's length as was delivered by him in the
period (excluding oil delivered before 13th November
1974 ) ;
( b) the aggregate market value, ascertained in accordance
with Schedule 3 to this Act, of so much of any oil so
won and disposed of by him crude otherwise than in
sales at arm's length as was delivered by him in the
period (excluding oil delivered before 13th November
1974 ) ;
( c ) the aggregate market value, ascertained in accordance
with Schedule 3 to this Act, of so much of any oil so
won as was relevantly appropriated by him in the
period without being disposed of (excluding oil so
appropriated before 13th November 1974) ; and
( d ) one - half of the market value, at the end of the period,
of so much of his share of oil so won as he had then
either-
(i) not disposed of and not relevantly appro-
priated ; or
(ii) disposed of but not delivered.
PART I
A2
988 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
PART I ( 6) The participator's licence debit or credit (if any) for the
period is the difference (if any) between-
( a ) the sum of the amounts mentioned in subsection (7)
below ; and
(b ) the sum of-
(i ) the amount taken into account under para-
graph (a) of that subsection in computing his
licence debit or credit for the preceding chargeable
period ; and
(ii) the amount of any royalty repaid to the
participator in the period in respect of the field ; ;
and that difference (if any) is a licence debit if the sum mentioned
in paragraph (a) above is greater than the sum mentioned in
paragraph (b) above, and is otherwise a licence credit.
( 7) The amounts referred to in subsection (6 ) ( a) above are
( a ) the amount shown in the return for the period made
under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act as the
amount of royalty payable for the period in respect of
the participator's share of oil won from the field ;
( b) the amount of royalty paid in the period in respect of
that share ; and
( c ) any amount paid in the period in respect of any periodic
payment payable to the Secretary of State under any
relevant licence otherwise than by way of royalty.
( 8) The amount (if any) to be debited or credited to the par-
ticipator for the period in respect of expenditure is the difference
(if any) between-
( a ) the sum of the amounts mentioned in subsection (9)
below ; and
(b) subject to subsection ( 10) below, any amount taken into
account under paragraph (a) of the said subsection (9)
in computing the assessable profit or allowable loss
accruing to the participator in the last but one pre-
ceding chargeable period ;
and that difference (if any) is an amount to be debited as afore-
said if the sum mentioned in paragraph (a) above is greater than
the amount mentioned in paragraph (b) above, and is otherwise
an amount to be credited as aforesaid.
(9) The amounts referred to in subsection (8) (a) above are
( a ) subject to subsection ( 11) below, an amount equal te
5 per cent. of the aggregate of-
(i) the sum of the amounts which, in the participa-
tor's return under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this
Act for the period, are, in the case of deliveries
falling within sub-paragraph (2) (a) of that paragraph,
c . 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 989
stated to be the price received or receivable for the
oil or, as the case may be, its market value at the
material time in the calendar month in which the
delivery was made ; and
(ii) the sum of the amounts which, in that return,
are, in the case of appropriations falling within sub-
paragraph (2) (b) of that paragraph, stated to be the
market value of the oil at the material time in the
calendar month in which the appropriation was
made;
( b) the participator's share, as determined on a claim under
Schedule 5 to this Act, of the aggregate of-
(i) any expenditure allowable under section 3 or
4of this Act for the field which has been allowed on
such a claim before the Board have made an assess-
ment to tax or a determination on or in relation to
him for the period in respect of the field ; and
(ii ) an amount equal to 75 per cent. of so much
of that expenditure as has been so allowed on such
aclaim as qualifying for supplement under this sub-
paragraph by virtue of subsection (5 ) of the said
section 3,
so far as that share has not been taken into account in
any previous assessment to tax or determination ;
( c ) the aggregate of-
(i) any expenditure allowable in the case of the
participator under section 3 or 4 of this Act which
has, on a claim made by him under Schedule 6 to
this Act, been allowed before the Board have made
an assessment to tax or a determination on or in
relation to him for the period in respect of the field ;
and
(ii) an amount equal to 75 per cent. of so much
of that expenditure as has been so allowed on such
a claim as qualifying for supplement under this sub-
paragraph by virtue of subsection (5) of the said
section 3, :
so far as that expenditure and amount have not been
taken into account in any previous assessment to
tax or determination ;
(d ) any abortive exploration expenditure allowable in the
case of the participator under section 5 of this Act
which on a claim made by him under Schedule 7 to
this Act has been allowed under that Schedule before
A. 3
PART I
990 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c.22
PART I
the Board have made an assessment to tax or a deter-
mination on or in relation to him for the period in
respect of the field , so far as that expenditure has not
been taken into account in any previous assessment to
tax or determination ; and
(e) any unrelievable field losses allowable in the case of the
participator under section 6 of this Act which on a
claim made by him under Schedule 8 to this Act have
been allowed under that Schedule before the Board
have made an assessment to tax or a determination on
or in relation to him for the period in respect of the
field, so far as those losses have not been taken into
account in any previous assessment to tax or
determination .
( 10 ) If, for the period, the expenditure falling within paragraph
( b)(i) or (c) (i) of subsection (9) above includes an amount of
expenditure (" the relevant amount ") incurred in the preceding
chargeable period, then-
( a ) the amount which would otherwise be taken into
account under subsection (8)(b) above for the first-
mentioned period shall be increased by the smaller of
the following amounts, namely the relevant amount and
the amount (if any) taken into account under paragraph
( a) of subsection (9) above in computing the assessable
profit or allowable loss accruing to the participator in
the preceding chargeable period ; and
( b ) the amount which would otherwise be taken into
account under subsection ( 8)(b) above for the charge-
able period following the first - mentioned chargeable
period shall be reduced by an amount equal to
that increase.
(11) If , for the period, the expenditure falling within paragraph
( b) (i) or (c) (i) of subsection (9) above includes an amount of
expenditure incurred in the period, the amount mentioned in
paragraph (a) of that subsection shall be reduced by that amount.
Allowance of
3. ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and Schedules
expenditure
4, 5 and 6 to this Act, the expenditure allowable under this
( other than expenditure on
section for any oil field is any expenditure ( whether or not of a
long -term
capital nature) which, not being expenditure to which section 4
assets and
of this Act applies, is incurred by a person at or before the
abortive
time when he is a participator in the field to the extent that it is
exploration
incurred for one or more of the following purposes, namely-
expenditure) .
( a) searching for oil anywhere within the area of the field
as subsequently determined under Schedule 1 to this
Act or not more than 5,000 metres beyond the boun-
dary of that area ;
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 991
( b ) making to the Secretary of State any payment under or
for the purpose of obtaining a relevant licence, not
being a payment by way of royalty or other periodic
payment;
( c) ascertaining (whether before or after the determination
of the field under Schedule 1 to this Act ) the extent or
characteristics of any oil- bearing area wholly or partly
included in the field, or what the reserves of oil of any
such oil - bearing area are ;
( d ) winning oil from the field ;
( e ) measuring the quantity of oil won or to be won from
the field;
( f ) in the case of oil won from the field that was so won
from strata in the sea bed and subsoil of either the
territorial sea of the United Kingdom or a designated
area, transporting it to the place where it is first
landed in the United Kingdom ;
( g) the initial treatment or initial storage of oil won from
the field;
( h) disposing of any oil won from the field which is
disposed of crude in sales at arm's length ;
( i ) closing down the field or any part of it, but only if and
to the extent that the expenditure is incurred for the
purposes of safety or the prevention of pollution.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section and
Schedules 4, 5 and 6 to this Act, where any amount is under
subsection ( 2) of section 412 of the Taxes Act (statutory redun-
dancy payments) allowable as a deduction in computing for
any accounting period the profits or losses of the relevant trade
carried on by a person who was in that period a participator
in an oil field, or would be so allowable under that subsection if
it were not otherwise so allowable, then that amount less the
amount of the rebate recoverable (within the meaning of that
subsection) shall be expenditure allowable under this section for
that field.
In this subsection " the relevant trade ", in relation to a
participator in an oil field, means the separate trade which by
virtue of subsection ( 1) of section 13 of this Act consists of
activities carried on by him that fall within paragraph (a) or
( b ) of that subsection or which would have so consisted if that
subsection had additionally had effect as regards all past charge-
able periods (within the meaning of the Taxes Acts) .
(3) Expenditure is not allowable under this section for any
oil field if, or to the extent that, it has been allowed under
Schedule 5 or 6 to this Act for any other oil field or has been
allowed under Schedule 7 to this Act in connection with any
oil field.
A4
PART I
992 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
PART I ( 4) The expenditure allowable under this section for any oil
field does not include
( a) expenditure in respect of interest or any other pecuniary
obligation incurred in obtaining a loan or any other
form of credit ; or
( b) the cost of acquiring any land or interest in land, other
than the cost of making to the Secretary of State any
payment falling within subsection ( 1) (b) above ; or
( c ) the cost of acquiring or erecting any building or
structure on land, except-
( i) a structure to be subsequently placed on the
sea bed of either the territorial sea of the United
Kingdom or a designated area ; or
(ii) a building or structure used or to be used
wholly in the process of winning oil from strata in or
under land or of measuring the quantity of oil won
or to be won from such strata ; or
(iii) a building or structure used or to be used
for initial treatment or initial storage of oil ; or
( d ) any expenditure wholly or partly depending on or
determined by reference to the quantity, value or
proceeds of, or the profits from, oil won from the field ;
or
( e ) any payment made for the purpose of obtaining a direct
or indirect interest in oil won or to be won from the
field, other than a payment made to the Secretary of
State ;
but nothing in paragraph (e) above shall be taken to apply to a
payment made by a participator in pursuance of a contract
whereby expenditure incurred for any of the purposes mentioned
in subsection (1) above is to be shared between that participator
and any of the other participators in the field.
(5) Expenditure allowable under this section for an oil field
qualifies for supplement under section 2(9) (b)(ii) or (c) (ii) of this
Act if and to the extent that it is incurred for one or more of
the following purposes, namely-
( a ) bringing about the commencement of the winning of oil
from the field or the commencement of the transport-
ing of oil won from it to the United Kingdom ;
( b) ascertaining (whether before or after the determination
of the field under Schedule 1 to this Act) any of the
matters mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (c) above :
(c) carrying out works for, or acquiring an asset or an
interest in an asset to be used for the purpose of, sub-
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 993
stantially improving the rate at which oil can be PART I
won or transported to the United Kingdom from the
field, or preventing or substantially reducing a decline
in that rate ; or
( d ) providing any installation for the initial treatment or
initial storage of oil won from the field ;
but expenditure incurred in hiring an asset shall not so qualify
unless the asset is used in carrying out works for a purpose
mentioned in paragraph (a) , (b) or (c) above or works for the
provision of any such installation as is mentioned in paragraph
( d ) above.
(6) For the purposes of subsections ( 1 ) and (5) above expen-
diture incurred partly for one or more of the purposes there
mentioned and partly not shall be apportioned in such manner
as is just and reasonable.
4 .- (1) Subject to subsection ( 13) below, this section applies Allowance of
to expenditure ( whether or not of a capital nature ) which is expenditure on
incurred by a person at or before the time when he is a assets.
long-term
participator in an oil field, being expenditure incurred in
acquiring, bringing into existence, or enhancing the value of an
asset which is to be or is subsequently used in connection with
the field and whose useful life continues after the end of the
claim period in which it is first so used:
Provided that this section shall not apply to expenditure
incurred as aforesaid in any case where the Board consider that
its application to that expenditure would have only a negligible
effect on the total expenditure allowable under this Part of this
Act for the field and so notify the responsible person.
( 2) The following provisions of this section are subject to
Schedules 4, 5 and 6 to this Act.
( 3) In the case of expenditure incurred otherwise than in
acquiring or bringing into existence a brought-in asset, the
whole of the expenditure shall (subject to the following provisions
of this section) be allowable under this section on a claim under
Schedule 5 or 6 to this Act for the first relevant claim period
if, but only if-
(a) after the expenditure was incurred, the asset was in
that period used ( if at all) only in connection with
the field ; and
( b ) at the end of that period it was reasonable to assume
that the asset would from then until the end of its useful
life be used only in connection with the field ; and
( c ) the asset is not a mobile asset.
c.22
994 Oil Taxation Act 1975
PART I ( 4 ) If the whole of the expenditure is not by virtue of sub-
section (3) above allowable on a claim for the first relevant
claim period, subsections (5) and (6) below shall apply as regards
that claim period.
( 5) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a
proportion of the expenditure shall be allowable under this sec-
tion on a claim for the first relevant claim period, and that
proportion is-
( a ) if , at the end of that period, a reasonable estimate can
be made of the proportion which the time during
which the asset will eventually have been used in
connection with the field in the period between the
incurring of the expenditure or the asset's first use in
that connection (whichever is later ) and the date on
which its useful life is reasonably likely to end bears
to the time between the incurring of the expenditure
and that date, the same proportion as that estimated
proportion ;
( b) in any other case, the proportion which the
time during which the asset has been used in that
connection in the period between the incurring of the
expenditure or the asset's first use in that connection
( whichever is later ) and the end of the first relevant
claim period bears to the time between the incurring
of the expenditure and the date when the asset's useful
life is reasonably likely to end :
Provided that, where the asset was not used for any purpose
in the period between the incurring of the expenditure and
the asset's first use in connection with the field, the expenditure
shall for the purposes of this subsection be treated as having
been incurred on the date when the asset was first used in
connection with the field.
( 6 ) In the case of a mobile asset, the proportion of the expendi-
ture allowable by virtue of subsection (5) above on a claim for
the first relevant claim period shall not exceed the proportion
which the time during which the asset was used in connection
with the field in the period mentioned in paragraph (b) of that
subsection bears to the time between the incurring of the
expenditure and the end of that claim period :
Provided that, where the asset was not used for any purpose
in the period between the incurring of the expenditure and
the asset's first use in connection with the field, the expenditure
shall for the purposes of this subsection be treated as having
been incurred on the date when the asset was first used in
connection with the field .
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 995
( 7) Whether or not the whole of the expenditure is by virtue PART I
of subsection (3) above allowable under this section on a claim
for the first relevant claim period, for each subsequent claim
period up to and including that in which use of the asset in
connection with the field permanently ceases, the proportion of
the expenditure allowable under this section for the relevant
period shall be computed by applying the provisions of sub-
sections (5) and ( 6 ) above with the omission of the words " on
a claim " ( wherever occurring ) and the substitution of references
to the relevant period for references to the first relevant claim
period.
For the purposes of this subsection " the relevant period ", in
relation to a claim period, means the period consisting of that
claim period and each earlier claim period back to and including
that in which the expenditure was incurred.
( 8) If, as computed under subsection ( 7) above for any claim
period, the proportion of the expenditure allowable for the
relevant period exceeds the amount thereof which (taking into
account any previous adjustments made under the following
subsection) has been allowed on claims made for earlier claim
periods falling within the relevant period, the excess shall be
allowable under this section on a claim for that claim period.
( 9) If, as computed under subsection ( 7) above for any
claim period, the proportion of the expenditure allowable
for the relevant period is exceeded by the amount thereof
which (taking into account any previous adjustments made
under this subsection) has been allowed on claims made for
earlier claim periods falling within the relevant period, the total
amount of expenditure allowable under this and the preceding
section on a claim for the first-mentioned claim period shall be
reduced by an amount equal to the excess.
( 10 ) Subsections (3) to (5) of section 3 of this Act shall apply
for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of
that section ; and where in accordance with subsection (9) above
the total amount of the expenditure allowable under this and
the preceding section on a claim for any claim period is reduced ,
the amount falling to be taken into account under section
2(9) ( b) ( ii ) or (c)(ii) of this Act by reference to that expenditure
shall be reduced by a proportion equal to the proportion by
which the total amount of that expenditure is so reduced.
(11) For the purposes of subsections (5 ) and (6) above ( includ-
ing those subsections as they apply under subsection ( 7) above)
an asset which is throughout any period of time simultaneously
used partly in connection with the field and partly otherwise
shall be treated as being used in connection with the field for a
proportion of that period equal to the proportion which the extent
of its use in the period in that connection bears to the extent
of its use in the period in that connection and otherwise .
c .22
996 Oil Taxation Act 1975
PART I
(12 ) For the purposes of this section-
(a) the asset is a brought-in asset if , between the time when
it was acquired or brought into existence and its first
use in connection with the field, the asset was used
otherwise than in connection with the field ; and
(b) " the first relevant claim period "-
1 (i ) in the case of expenditure incurred in acquiring
or bringing into existence a brought-in asset, means
the claim period in which the asset was first used in
connection with the field ; and
(ii) in the case of any other expenditure, means
the claim period in which the expenditure was
incurred.
( 13) The preceding provisions of this section, and any other
provisions in this Part of this Act as to which it is provided
that this subsection applies, shall, with any necessary modifica-
tions, apply in relation to expenditure incurred by a person
in acquiring an interest in an asset, or in bringing into existence
an asset in which he is to have an interest, or in enhancing the
value of an asset in which he has an interest, as the provisions
in question apply in relation to expenditure incurred by a person
in acquiring, bringing into existence, or enhancing the value of
an asset, as the case may be.
Allowance of
5.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section and
abortive
Schedule 7 to this Act, the abortive exploration expenditure
exploration expenditure.
allowable in the case of a person who is a participator in an oil
field is any expenditure (whether or not of a capital nature)
incurred on or after 1st January 1960 which-
(a ) was incurred by that person or, if that person is a
company, by that company or a company associated
with it in respect of the expenditure ; and
(b) was incurred wholly and exclusively for the purpose of
searching for oil in the United Kingdom, the territorial
sea thereof or a designated area ; and
( c) is not, and is unlikely to become, allowable under
section 3 or 4 of this Act for any oil field,
but so that any expenditure to which subsection (2) below applies
shall not be allowable under this section except to the extent that
it falls by virtue of that subsection to be treated as incurred
wholly and exclusively for the purpose mentioned in para-
graph (b) above.
(2) Where any person has incurred expenditure in acquiring,
bringing into existence, or enhancing the value of an asset
which is subsequently used by him for the purpose mentioned
in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) above, then-
c . 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 997
( a ) subject to paragraph ( b) below, if the useful life of
the asset continues after the end of the twelve months
beginning with the day on which he acquired the asset
or brought it into existence, he shall be treated for
the purposes of that subsection as having incurred
wholly and exclusively for that purpose a fraction of
that expenditure on each day after the expenditure was
incurred on which the asset is used by him wholly
and exclusively for that purpose, and that fraction is
the fraction of which the numerator is 1 and the
denominator is the number of days in the period
beginning with the day on which he incurred that
expenditure and ending with the day on which the
asset's useful life is reasonably likely to end ;
( b) if a subsequent disposal of the asset by that person
otherwise than to a person connected with him gives
rise to the receipt of a sum that falls to be taken into
account under subsection (6 ) below, being a sum not
less than the price which the asset might reasonably
have been expected to fetch if sold in the open market
at the time of the disposal, paragraph (a) above shall
apply with the substitution, for the reference to the
day on which the asset's useful life is reasonably
likely to end, of a reference to the day on which the
disposal was made.
Section 4(13) of this Act applies to the preceding provisions
of this subsection.
( 3) Expenditure is not allowable under this section in con-
nection with an oil field if, or to the extent that, it has been
allowed under Schedule 7 to this Act in connection with any
oil field.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 4 ) of section 3 of this Act shall apply for the
purposes of this section with the following modifications, that
is to say-
( a) in paragraph (c ) the words from " except " to the end
of sub- paragraph (iii) shall be omitted ;
( b) paragraph (d ) shall be omitted ;:
( c) in paragraph (e) , the reference to oil won or to be won
from the field shall be read as a reference to oil won
or to be won from any area whatsoever.
( 5) Paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this Act shall, with the
omission of sub-paragraph ( 2)(b) and (c), apply in relation to
this section as it applies in relation to sections 3 and 4 of this
Act .
PART I
998 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
PART I
Allowance of
unrelievable
loss from
abandoned
field.
(6) Where any expenditure which would otherwise be allow-
able under this section gives rise to the receipt of any sum
( whether or not of a capital nature ) by the person who incurred
the expenditure or any person connected with him, that expendi-
ture shall for the purposes of this section be reduced by an
amount equal to that sum.
( 7) For the purposes of this section-
( a) " company " means any body corporate ;
( b) section 533 of the Taxes Act (connected persons) shall
apply ; and
( c) a company which is a participator in an oil field is
associated with another company in respect of expendi-
ture incurred by the other company if-
( i ) throughout that part of the relevant period in
which both were in existence one was a 51 per cent.
subsidiary of the other and the other was not a 51
per cent. subsidiary of any company ; or
(ii ) each of them was, throughout that part of the
relevant period in which it was in existence, a 51 per
cent. subsidiary of a third company which was not
itself a 51 per cent. subsidiary of any company.
( 8) For the purposes of subsection (7) (c) above-
( a ) " the relevant period " is the period beginning immedi-
ately before the expenditure was incurred and ending
with the end of whichever of the following periods
ends later, that is to say-
(i) the earliest chargeable period in which the
company which is a participator in the oil field in
question was a participator in that field ; and
(ii) the chargeable period ( for that field) in which
the expenditure was incurred,
for, if they are the same period, with the end of that
period ) ; and
(b) section 532 of the Taxes Act (subsidiaries) shall apply.
6.-(1 ) Subject to Schedule 8 to this Act, the following is, in
the case of a participator in an oil field, an allowable un-
relievable field loss, that is to say so much of any allowable
loss which, in the case of any other oil field being a field from
which the winning of oil has permanently ceased, has in any
chargeable period accrued therefrom to the participator or, if
the participator is a company, to a company associated with
it in respect of that loss as cannot under the provisions of
section 7 of this Act be relieved against assessable profits
accruing from that other field to the participator or the company
so associated with the participator.
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 999
( 2) In determining for the purposes of this section whether
an allowable loss has accrued as mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above from an oil field from which the winning of oil per-
manently ceased before the total amount of oil ever won and
saved from it reached the amount by reference to which the
critical half year is defined in section 1( 4) of this Act, the first
chargeable period for that field shall be taken to have been
the period ending at the end of the half year in which the
winning of oil from the field so ceased (including an unlimited
time prior to the beginning of that half year) .
In this subsection " half year " has the same meaning as in
section 1 of this Act.
( 3) For the purposes of this section-
( a) " company " means any body corporate ; and
( b) a company which is a participator in an oil field is
associated with another company in respect of an
allowable loss which accrued to that other company
in a chargeable period from another oil field if-
( i ) throughout that part of the relevant period in
which both were in existence one was a 51 per cent.
subsidiary of the other and the other was not a
51 per cent. subsidiary of any company ; or
( ii ) each of them was, throughout that part of the
relevant period in which it was in existence, a 51 per
cent. subsidiary of a third company which was not
itself a 51 per cent. subsidiary of any company ;
and in this section and Schedule 8 to this Act any reference
to the winning of oil from an oil field permanently ceasing
includes a reference to the permanent cessation of operations
for the winning of oil from the field.
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsection (3) (b) above-
( a) the relevant period is the period beginning with the
chargeable period in which the allowable loss accrued
to the other company referred to in that paragraph
and ending with the end of whichever of the following
period ends later, that is to say-
( i ) the earliest chargeable period in which the
company which is a participator in the oil field in
question was a participator in that field ; and
( ii ) the chargeable period in which the allowable
loss accrued ,
( or, if they are the same period, with the end of that
period ) ; and
( b) section 532 of the Taxes Act (subsidiaries) shall apply.
PART I
1000 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
PART I
Relief for
allowable
losses.
Oil
allowance.
7.- (1) Where the Board have determined under Schedule 2
to this Act that an allowable loss has accrued to a participator
in a chargeable period from an oil field , then, subject to the
following provisions of this section, the assessable profit accru-
ing to him from the field in any succeeding chargeable period
shall be treated as reduced by the amount of that allowable
loss, or by so much of that amount as cannot, under this sub-
section or on a claim (if made) under subsection ( 2) below, be
relieved against the assessable profit accruing to him from the
field in any earlier chargeable period.
(2 ) Where the Board have determined under Schedule 2 to
this Act that an allowable loss has accrued to a participator in
a chargeable period from an oil field, the participator may make
a claim requiring that the loss be in the first instance set against
any assessable profit which accrued to him from the field in
any preceding chargeable period ; and the assessable profit
which so accrued to him in any such period shall then be treated
as reduced by the amount of the loss, or by so much of that
amount as cannot be relieved under this subsection against any
assessable profit accruing to him from the field in a later
chargeable period.
(3) Where
( a ) the Board have determined under Schedule 2 to this
Act that an allowable loss has accrued to a participator
in a chargeable period from an oil field ; and
( b) the winning of oil from that field has permanently
ceased ,
then so much of that allowable loss as cannot under subsection ( 1)
or (2) above be relieved against assessable profits accruing to the
participator from the field shall be relieved under this subsection
by treating the assessable profit accruing to him from the field
in any chargeable period as reduced by the amount of the loss,
or by so much of that amount as cannot be relieved under this
section against the assessable profit so accruing to him in a later
chargeable period.
8.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and para-
graphs 10 and 11 of Schedule 3 to this Act, where a participator
in an oil field would, apart from this section and section 9 of
this Act, be chargeable to tax for any chargeable period on an
amount (" the said amount ") consisting of the assessable profit
accruing to him in the period from the field or that profit as
reduced under section 7 of this Act by any allowable losses, then
for the purpose of determining his liability, if any, to tax for
that period, the said amount shall be treated as reduced or
further reduced as follows, that is to say
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1001
c. 22
( a ) if the said amount exceeds the cash equivalent of his
share of the oil allowance for the field for that period,
to an amount equal to the excess ; or
( b ) if the said amount does not exceed the cash equivalent
of his share of that allowance, to nil.
( 2 ) The oil allowance for an oil field is, for each chargeable
period, 500,000 long tons, and shall be divided between the parti-
cipators in shares proportionate to their shares of the oil won
and saved from the field during the period.
( 3) For the purposes of this section the cash equivalent of a
participator's share of the oil allowance for an oil field for a
chargeable period is (subject to subsection ( 4) below) the amount
given by the formula : -
B
£(Ax )
PART I
where-
A is the gross profit accruing to him in the period or, if
a gross loss (or neither a gross profit nor a gross loss)
accrues to him in the period, nil (in which case the
cash equivalent itself will be nil) ;
B is his share of the allowance, in long tons ; and
C is his share, exclusive of excluded oil within the mean-
ing of section 10 of this Act, of the oil won and saved
from the field during the period, in long tons.
( 4) If a participator in an oil field so elects by notice in
writing given to the Board at the time when he makes his return
under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act for a chargeable
period, then the cash equivalent of his share of the oil allowance
for the field for that period shall be determined under sub-
section (3) above-
( a ) to the extent that his share of that oil allowance does
not exceed his share of the oil (other than gas) won and
saved from the field in the period, as if in computing
the gross profit or gross loss accruing to him in the
period all amounts relating to gas fell to be disregarded;
and
( b ) to the extent, if any, that his share of that oil allowance
exceeds his share of the oil (other than gas) so won and
saved, as if in computing the gross profit or gross loss
so accruing all amounts relating to oil other than gas
fell to be disregarded.
c .22
1002 Oil Taxation Act 1975
PART I
Annual limit
on amount of
tax payable by
participator.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section the amount of the oil
allowance for an oil field utilised by a participator in any
chargeable period is-
( a) if in his case a reduction is made for that period under
subsection ( 1 )(a ) above, an amount in long tons equal
to his share of the oil allowance for the field for that
period;
( b ) if in his case a reduction is made for that period under
subsection ( 1) ( b) above, the amount in long tons
arrived at by multiplying his share of the oil allowance
for the field for that period (in long tons ) by the
fraction of which the numerator is the amount of that
reduction and the denominator is the cash equivalent
of his share of the said oil allowance ;
( c) in any other case, nil.
( 6) The total oil allowance for an oil field shall not exceed
10 million long tons, and accordingly-
( a) for each chargeable period there shall be determined
the aggregate of the amounts of the oil allowance for
the field utilised by the participators in that period ;
and
( b) as regards the earliest chargeable period such that the
sum of the aggregate determined under paragraph (a)
above for that period and the aggregates so deter-
mined for each earlier chargeable period would, apart
from this subsection, exceed 10 million long tons, the
necessary restriction shall be apportioned between the
participators in such manner as may be notified to the
Board by the responsible person or, in default of such
notification, as may be determined by the Board.
In this subsection " the necessary restriction " means the
restriction necessary to secure that the aggregate determined
under paragraph (a ) above for the chargeable period to which
paragraph (b) above applies will, when added to the sum of the
aggregates so determined for each earlier chargeable period ,
produce a total of 10 million long tons .
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section 40,000 cubic feet of oil
consisting of gas at the temperature and pressure mentioned in
section 1( 4 ) of this Act shall be counted as equivalent to one
long ton of oil other than gas.
( 8) Any reduction to be made under subsection ( 1) above
shall be made before applying the provisions of section 9 of
thisAct.
9.- (1 ) The total tax payable by a participator in an oil field
for the chargeable period or periods comprised in any calendar
year shall not exceed 80 per cent. of the amount (if any) by
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1003
which his adjusted profit for that year ( as defined in this
section) exceeds 30 per cent. of his accumulated capital expendi-
ture at the end of that year (as so defined) .
( 2) For a participator in an oil field, his adjusted profit (if
any) for any calendar year shall be determined as follows-
( a) for each chargeable period comprised in that year there
shall be ascertained-
(i) the assessable profit (without any reduction
under section 7 or 8 of this Act ) or allowable loss
accruing to him in that period ; and
(ii ) the total amount taken into account under
section 2(9) (b), (c) , (d ) and (e) of this Act in com-
puting that profit or loss, excluding expenditure so
taken into account under section 2(9)(b) (i) or (c) (i)
which was not allowed as qualifying for supplement
under section 2(9)(b) (ii) or (c) (ii) ;
(b) in the case of each such chargeable period-
( i) if there is a profit under paragraph (a)(i) above,
the sum of that profit and the total ascertained
under paragraph (a) (ii ) above is his adjusted profit
for the period ;
(ii) if there is a loss under paragraph (a) (i) above
smaller than the total ascertained under paragraph
(a) (ii) above, the difference is his adjusted profit for
the period ; and
(iii) if there is a loss under paragraph (a ) (i ) above
greater than the total so ascertained, the difference
is his adjusted loss for the period ;
( c) if the year comprises only one chargeable period, his
adjusted profit (if any) for that period is his adjusted
profit for the year ;
( d ) if the year comprises two chargeable periods then-
(i) if for each of them he has an adjusted profit,
the sum of those profits is his adjusted profit for the
year ;
(ii ) if for one of them he has an adjusted profit
and for the other an adjusted loss smaller than that
profit, the difference is his adjusted profit for the
year ;
(iii) if for one of them he has an adjusted profit
and for the other neither an adjusted profit nor an
adjusted loss, that profit is his adjusted profit for the
year;
(iv ) in any other case, he has no adjusted profit
for the year.
PART I
1004 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c.22
PART I
Modification
ofPart I in
connection
with certain
gas sold to
British Gas
Corporation.
(3) For a participator in an oil field his accumulated capital
expenditure at the end of any calendar year is the total amount
of expenditure taken into account under section 2(9)(b) (i) and
( c) (i) of this Act in computing the assessable profit or allowable
loss accruing to him in each of the relevant chargeable periods,
that is to say the chargeable period or periods comprised in
that year and all earlier chargeable periods, excluding all ex-
penditure so taken into account which was not allowed as
qualifying for supplement under section 2(9) (b) (ii) or (c) (ii) :
Provided that in the case of a participator who has made
an election under paragraph 9 of Schedule 3 to this Act, his
accumulated capital expenditure at the end of any calendar
year shall be taken to be what it would have been if he had
made no such election.
( 4 ) Any reduction necessitated by this section in the total
tax otherwise payable by a participator in an oil field in respect
of a calendar year comprising two chargeable periods shall be
made as far as possible by reducing or extinguishing the tax
otherwise payable by him for the later of those periods .
( 5) In the case of any oil field the preceding provisions of
this section shall have effect as if the calendar year which
comprises the critical half year as defined in section 1 ( 4) of
this Act comprised the whole of the first chargeable period.
10.-(1 ) In computing under section 2 of this Act the gross
profit or loss (if any ) accruing to a participator in any chargeable
period from an oil field-
(a) any oil consisting of gas sold to the British Gas Cor-
poration under a contract made before the end of
June 1975 shall be disregarded ; and
( b) if at the end of that chargeable period the participator's
share, exclusive of oil falling within paragraph (a)
above or used for production purposes, of the total
amount of oil ever won and saved from the field does
not exceed 5 per cent. of his share of the total amount
of oil so falling which was ever so won and saved,
his share of the oil won and saved from the field but
not so falling shall also be disregarded ;
and in the following provisions of this section any oil which
falls to be disregarded under this subsection is referred to as
" excluded oil ". "
( 2) Excluded oil shall be deemed not to be oil for the purposes
of the following provisions of this Act, namely section 2(7) and
( 9) , section 3 (except paragraphs (a) to (c) and (i ) of subsection
(1 ) ) and section 4 ( including, in the case of any expression used
in any of those provisions which is defined elsewhere, its
c. 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1005
definition so far as it has effect for the purpose of that provision) ; and in computing under section 2 of this Act the licence debit
or credit ( if any) of a participator in an oil field for any
chargeable period, any royalty repaid to him in the period in
respect of excluded oil shall be disregarded.
( 3) If, in the case of any oil field, the oil won and saved there-
from or expected to be won and saved therefrom includes oil
falling within subsection ( 1 ) (a) above, then the expenditure
allowable under section 3 of this Act for that field by virtue of
paragraph (a) , (b) , (c) or (i ) of section 3(1) of this Act shall be
a proportion of what it would otherwise have been, and that
proportion-
( a ) in the case of expenditure which would otherwise have
been allowable by virtue of the said paragraph (a),
( b ) or (c ), is the proportion which, according to
estimates submitted to the Secretary of State after the
end of June 1975 and approved by him as reasonable,
the field's original reserves of oil exclusive of oil so
falling bear to the field's original reserves of oil
inclusive of such oil ;
( b) in the case of expenditure which would otherwise have
been allowable by virtue of the said paragraph (i ) , is
the proportion which, at the end of the claim period
in which the expenditure was incurred, the total amount
of oil ever won and saved from the field, exclusive of
excluded oil, bears to the total amount of oil ever won
and saved from the field ;
and until estimates have been submitted and approved for the
purpose of paragraph (a) above, the expenditure allowable for
the field under section 3 of this Act by virtue of the said para-
graph ( a) , ( b) or (c) shall be deemed to be nil .
( 4) A return made under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this
Act by a participator in an oil field need not, in the case of oil
falling within subsection ( 1 )(a) above, state the price received
or receivable for the oil.
(5) For the purposes of this section 40,000 cubic feet of oil
consisting of gas at the temperature and pressure mentioned in
section 1 ( 4) of this Act shall be counted as equivalent to one
long ton of oil other than gas .
PART I
11. Section 1 of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968 Application
shall apply to petroleum revenue tax ; and accordingly, in sub- of Provisional Collection
section ( 1) of that section after the words " income tax " there ofTaxes
shall be inserted the words " petroleum revenue tax " . Act 1968 .
1968 с. 2.
1006 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
PART I
Interpretation
ofPart I.
12.- (1) In this Part of this Act-
" calendar month " (where those words are used ) and, in
relation to a calendar month, " the material time ",
have the meaning given by paragraph 3( 2) of Schedule
3 to this Act ;
"chargeable period ", in relation to an oil field, has the
meaning given by section 1(3) of this Act ;
" claim period ", in relation to an oil field , has the meaning
given by paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to this Act ;
" crude ", where the reference is to oil being disposed of or
appropriated crude, refers to its being so dealt with
without having been refined (whether or not it has
previously undergone initial treatment) ;
"determination ", in a context relating to an assessment
or determination on or in relation to a participator,
means a determination under Schedule 2 to this Act
that a loss is allowable to him or that neither an
assessable profit nor an allowable loss has accrued to
him ;
" initial storage ", in relation to oil won from an oil field,
means the storage in the United Kingdom, the terri-
torial sea thereof or a designated area of a quantity
of oil won from the field not exceeding, in the case
of storage in the United Kingdom, a quantity equal to
ten times the maximum daily production rate of oil
for the field as planned or achieved (whichever is the
greater ), but does not include-
( a ) the storing of oil as part of or in conjunction
with the operation of an oil refinery ; or
( b) deballasting ; or
( c ) conveying oil in a pipe -line ;
" initial treatment ", in relation to oil won from an oil
field, means the doing, at any place in the United
Kingdom, the territorial sea thereof or a designated
area, of any of the following things, that is to say-
( a ) subjecting oil won from the field to any process
of which the sole purpose is to enable the oil to
be safely stored, safely loaded into a tanker or
safely accepted by an oil refinery ; or
(b) separating oil so won and consisting of
methane gas from oil so won and consisting of
gas other than methane,
but does not include-
OilTaxation Act 1975 1007
c . 22
( i) the storing of oil even where this involves the
PART I
doing to the oil of things within paragraph (a) or (b)
of this definition ; or
(ii) any activity carried on as part of, or in asso-
ciation with, the refining of oil ; or
(iii) deballasting ;
" land " includes land in the United Kingdom covered with
water ;
" licence " means a licence under the Petroleum ( Production) 1934 с. 36.
Act 1934 or the Petroleum ( Production) Act ( Northern 1964 c. 28
Ireland ) 1964 authorising the winning of oil, and ( N.Ι.).
" licensed area" shall be construed accordingly ;
" licensee " means
( a ) the person entitled to the benefit of a licence
or, where two or more persons are entitled to the
benefit of a licence, each of those persons ; and
( b) a person who has rights under an agreement
which is approved by the Board and is certified by
the Secretary of State to confer on that person rights
which are the same as, or similar to, those conferred
by a licence ;
" oil " has the meaning given by section 1( 1) of this Act ;
" oil field" shall be construed in accordance with Schedule
1 to this Act ;
" participator " (except in paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to
this Act ) means, in relation to an oil field and any
chargeable period-
( a ) a person who is or was at any time in that
chargeable period a licensee in respect of any licensed
area then wholly or partly included in the field ; and
( b ) a person who is no longer a licensee in respect
of any licensed area wholly or partly included in the
field, but who was such a licensee at any time in
either of the two chargeable periods preceding that
chargeable period ; and
( c ) a person who is no longer a licensee in respect
ofany licensed area wholly or partly included in the
field (and who does not fall within paragraph (b) of
this definition) , but who has or had at any time in
that chargeable period a share of oil won ( whether or
not in that period ) from the field, being a share
with respect to any part of which either of the follow-
ing conditions is or was satisfied at that time, that is
to say-
( i ) he has or had neither disposed of that part
nor relevantly appropriated it ; or
c. 22
1008 Oil Taxation Act 1975
PART I
1962 с. 58.
1964 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
(ii) he has or had disposed of , but not delivered,
that part ;
" pipe- line " means a pipe-line as defined in section 65 of
the Pipe- lines Act 1962 ;
" production purposes ", in relation to an oil field, means
any of the following purposes, that is to say-
( a ) carrying on drilling or production operations
within the field ; or
( b) in the case of oil won from the field that was
so won from strata in the sea bed and subsoil of
either the territorial sea of the United Kingdom or
a designated area, pumping it to the place where it is
first landed in the United Kingdom ; or
(c) the initial treatment of oil won from the field ;
" relevant licence ", in relation to a participator in an oil
field, means any licence held or previously held by him
in respect of a licensed area wholly or partly included
in the field ;
" relevantly appropriated ", in relation to oil won from an
oil field, means appropriated to refining or to any
use except use for production purposes, and " relevant
appropriation " shall be construed accordingly ;
" the responsible person ", in relation to an oil field, has
the meaning given by paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to
this Act ;
" royalty ", in relation to a participator in an oil field, means
royalty payable ( but not, it is hereby declared, oil
delivered ) to the Secretary of State under any relevant
licence ;
"tax" or " the tax " means petroleum revenue tax.
( 2) In this Part of this Act any reference to the use of an asset
in connection with an oil field is a reference to its use in con-
nection with that field for one or more of the purposes mentioned
in section 3 ( 1) of this Act (excluding section 3 ( 1) (b)) .
( 3) In this Part of this Act any reference ( however worded)
to the doing of anything in a chargeable period in connection
with an oil field or with oil won from an oil field shall, as regards
the first chargeable period for any oil field, be construed as
including the doing of that thing in connection with the area of
the field as subsequently determined under Schedule 1 to this Act
or, as the case may be, with oil won from that area.
( 4) In so far as a person is a participator in an oil field by
virtue of a licence under the Petroleum (Production) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1964, references in this Part of this Act to the
Secretary of State (except references in Schedule 1 ) shall be
construed in his case as references to the Department of
Commerce for Northern Ireland.
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1009
c. 22
PART II
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE EXTRACTION OF PETROLEUM IN
THE UNITED KINGDOM OR A DESIGNATED AREA
13.-( 1 ) Where a person carries on as part of a trade-
Treatment
(a) any oil extraction activities ; or
ofoil
extraction
(b ) any of the following activities, namely the acquisition, activities etc.
enjoyment or exploitation of oil rights ; or
for purposes
ofincome
( c) activities of both those descriptions,
tax and
those activities shall be treated for all purposes of income tax, corporation
and for the purposes of the charge of corporation tax on income, tax.
as a separate trade, distinct from all other activities carried on by
him as part of the trade.
( 2) Relief in respect of a loss incurred by a person shall not
be given under section 168 or 177( 2) of the Taxes Act against
income arising from oil extraction activities or from oil rights
except to the extent that the loss arises from such activities or
rights.
( 3) Subject to the following subsection, a capital allowance
which is to be given by discharge or repayment of tax shall not
to any extent be given effect under section 71 or 74 of the Capital 1968 c. 3.
Allowances Act 1968 by deduction from or set off against income
arising from oil extraction activities or from oil rights .
( 4) The preceding subsection shall not apply to a capital
allowance such as is there mentioned which falls to be made to
a company for any accounting period in respect of an asset used
in the relevant accounting period by a company associated with
it and so used in carrying on oil extraction activities.
For the purposes of this subsection the relevant accounting
period is that in which the allowance in question first falls to
be made to the company (whether or not it can to any extent
be given effect in that period under section 74( 1) of the Capital
Allowances Act 1968) .
(5) On a claim for group relief made by a claimant company
in relation to a surrendering company, group relief shall not be
allowed against income of the claimant company arising from oil
extraction activities or from oil rights except to the extent that
the claim relates to losses incurred by the surrendering company
that arose from such activities or rights .
( 6 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall have effect as regards charge-
able periods beginning after 11th July 1974, subsections ( 2) and
( 5 ) above shall have effect as regards claims for relief in respect
of chargeable periods so beginning, and subsection ( 3) above,
with subsection ( 4), shall have effect as regards capital allowances
1010 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
PART II
falling to be made for chargeable periods so beginning ; and in
the case of a chargeable period beginning on or before and
ending after 11th July 1974
( a ) subsection ( 1) above shall have effect as regards the part
of the period falling after that date ;
(b) subsections (2) and (5 ) above shall have effect as regards
the giving of relief against income attributable to that
part of the period ; and
(c) subsection (3) above, with subsection ( 4), shall have
effect as regards deduction from or set off against
income so attributable ;
and there shall be made all such apportionments as are necessary
to give effect to paragraphs (a) to (c) above.
Valuation of
14.-( 1 ) Where a person disposes of any oil in circumstances
oil disposed
ofor
such that the market value of that oil at a particular time falls to
be taken into account under section 2 of this Act (otherwise
appropriated in certain
than by virtue of paragraph 6 of Schedule 3 thereto) in computing
circumstances. for the purposes of petroleum revenue tax the assessable profit
or allowable loss accruing to him in any chargeable period from
an oil field (or would so fall but for section 10 of this Act),
then for all purposes of income tax, and for the purposes
of the charge of corporation tax on income, the disposal
of the oil and its acquisition by the person to whom it was dis-
posed of shall be treated as having been for a consideration equal
to the market value of the oil as so taken into account under
section 2 of this Act (or as would have been so taken into
account under that section but for section 10 of this Act) .
(2) Where a person makes a relevant appropriation of any oil
without disposing of it and does so in circumstances such
that the market value of that oil at a particular time falls to
be taken into account under section 2 of this Act in computing
for the purposes of petroleum revenue tax the assessable profit
or allowable loss accruing to him in any chargeable period
from an oil field (or would so fall but for section 10 of this
Act) , then for all purposes of income tax, and for the purposes
of the charge of corporation tax on income, he shall be treated
as having, at the time of the appropriation-
( i ) sold the oil in the course of the separate trade con-
sisting of activities falling within section 13 ( 1 ) (a) or (b)
of this Act ; and
( ii ) bought it in the course of the separate trade consisting
of activities not so falling,
and as having so sold and bought it at a price equal to its
market value as so taken into account under section 2 of
c .22
OilTaxation Act 1975 1011
this Act (or as would have been so taken into account under that PART II
section but for section 10 of this Act) .
In this subsection " relevant appropriation " has the meaning
given in section 12(1) of this Act.
(3) Where a person disposes otherwise than in a sale at arm's
length (as defined in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to this Act) of
oil acquired by him in the course of oil extraction activities
carried on by him or by virtue of oil rights held by him, then, if
subsection ( 1) above does not apply in relation to the disposal,
the following subsection shall apply in relation to it.
( 4 ) For all purposes of income tax, and for the purposes
of the charge of corporation tax on income, the disposal of
the oil and its acquisition by the person to whom it was disposed
of shall be treated as having been for a consideration equal
to the market value of the oil at the material time in the calendar
month in which the disposal was made.
( 5) For the purposes of the preceding subsection " material
time " and " calendar month " have the meaning given by
paragraph 3(2) of Schedule 3 to this Act; and paragraph 2 of
Schedule 3 to this Act ( definition of market value of oil ) shall
apply for the purposes of the preceding subsection as it applies
for purposes of Part I of this Act, but with the following modifi-
cations, that is to say-
( a ) for sub- paragraph (2)( c) there shall be substituted-
"( c ) the contract is for the sale of the whole
quantity of oil whose market value falls to be
ascertained for the purposes of section 14( 4) of this
Act, and of no other oil." ; and
( b) sub-paragraphs (3) and (4 ) shall be omitted.
( 6 ) Section 485 of the Taxes Act ( sales etc. at undervalue
or overvalue ) shall not apply in relation to any transaction in
relation to which subsection (1) or (4) above applies.
15.- ( 1 ) Section 248 of the Taxes Act (allowance of charges Oil
on income) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of extraction
this section.
activities etc.:
charges on
income.( 2) Interest paid by a company shall not be allowable under
the said section 248 as a deduction against that part of the
profits of the company which consists of income arising from
oil extraction activities or from oil rights except-
( a ) to the extent that it was payable in respect of money
borrowed by the company which is shown to have been
used to meet expenditure incurred by the company in
carrying on oil extraction activities or in acquiring oil
1012 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
PART II
rights otherwise than from a connected person or to
have been appropriated to meeting expenditure to be
so incurred by the company ; and
(b) in the case of interest paid by the company to a com-
pany associated with it , to the extent that (subject
always to the preceding paragraph) the rate at which
it was payable did not exceed what, having regard to all
the terms on which the money was borrowed and the
standing of the borrower, was a reasonable commercial
rate.
Section 533 of the Taxes Act ( connected persons) , shall apply
for the purposes of this subsection.
(3) Where a company pays to a company associated with it
a charge on income not consisting of a payment of interest, the
charge shall not be allowable to any extent under the said
section 248 against that part of the profits of the first- men-
tioned company which consists of income arising from oil
extraction activities or from oil rights .
( 4) The preceding provisions of this section-
(a) shall have effect as regards accounting periods beginning
after 11th July 1974 ; and
( b ) in the case of an accounting period beginning on or
before and ending after that date, shall have effect as
regards the allowance of interest paid and other charges
on income against income attributable to the part of
the period falling after that date ;
and there shall be made all such apportionments as are necessary
to give effect to paragraph (b) above.
Oil
16.-( 1 ) Section 85 of the Finance Act 1972 (payments of
extraction
advance corporation tax to be set against company's liability to
activities etc.: corporation tax on its income) shall, as regards any distribution
restriction on
setting
made by a company after 19th November 1974, have effect
advance
subject to the following provisions of this section.
corporation
tax against
( 2) Where advance corporation tax is paid by a company )
income
( " the distributing company ") in respect of any distribution
therefrom.
made by it to a company associated with it and resident in the
1972 с. 41.
United Kingdom-
( a) that advance corporation tax shall not be set against
the distributing company's liability to corporation tax
on any income of the distributing company arising from
oil extraction activities or from oil rights ; and
( b) if the benefit of any amount of that advance corpora-
tion tax is surrendered under section 92 of the Finance
Act 1972 to a subsidiary of the distributing company,
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1013
the corresponding amount of advance corporation tax
PART II
which under that section the subsidiary is treated for
the purposes of the said section 85 as having paid
shall not be set against the subsidiary's liability to cor-
poration tax on any income of the subsidiary arising
from such activities or from oil rights.
( 3) Where in the case of any accounting period of a company
there is an amount of advance corporation tax which because
of subsection ( 2) above is not available to be set against the
company's liability to corporation tax for that period on income
of the company arising from oil extraction activities or from oil
rights, subsection (2) of the said section 85 (limit on amount
of advance corporation tax to be set against liability to cor-
poration tax under subsection ( 1) of that section) shall as
regards that period have effect as if the reference to the com-
pany's income charged to corporation tax for that period
were a reference to the company's income so charged exclusive
of income so arising.
17.-(1 ) Where a participator in an oil field has paid any Corporation
petroleum revenue tax with which he was chargeable for a
tax: deduction
chargeable period, then, in computing for corporation tax the
ofpetroleum revenue tax in
amount of his income arising in the relevant accounting period computing
from oil extraction activities or oil rights, there shall be deducted income.
(an amount equal to that petroleum revenue tax ; and there shall
be made all such adjustments of assessments to corporation tax
as are required in order to give effect to this subsection .
For the purposes of this subsection the relevant accounting
period, in relation to any petroleum revenue tax paid by a
company, is the accounting period of the company in or at the
end of which the chargeable period for which that tax was
charged ends.
( 2 ) If some or all of the petroleum revenue tax in respect
of which a deduction has been made under subsection ( 1) above
is subsequently repaid, that deduction shall be reduced or
extinguished accordingly ; and any additional assessment to
corporation tax required in order to give effect to this subsection
may be made at any time not later than six years after
the end of the accounting period in which the first -mentioned
tax was repaid.
( 3) Where, because of a deduction made under subsection ( 1)
above in computing for corporation tax the amount of a
company's income of any kind, the amount of advance
corporation tax which can be set against the company's
liability to corporation tax for an accounting period is less
than the amount of advance corporation tax which could have
1014 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
PART II Interest on
tax overpaid
tobe disregarded in
computing
income.
Interpretation
ofPart II.
1934 с. 36.
1964 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.).
been set against that liability if the deduction had not been made,
then, if a claim in that behalf is made by the company not later
than two years after the end of that accounting period, an
amount of advance corporation tax equal to the difference shall
be repaid to the company.
( 4 ) In this section the expressions " chargeable period ", " oil
field " and " participator " have the same meaning as in Part I
ofthisAct.
18.- (1 ) Where any amount of petroleum revenue tax paid by
a participator in an oil field is, under any provision of Part I of
this Act, repaid to him with interest, the amount of the interest
paid to him shall be disregarded in computing the amount of
his income for the purposes of corporation tax.
( 2 ) In this section " oil field " and " participator " have the
same meaning as in Part I of this Act.
19.-( 1) In this Part of this Act-
" oil" means any substance won or capable of being won
under the authority of a licence granted under either
the Petroleum (Production ) Act 1934 or the Petroleum
(Production) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964, other than
methane gas won in the course of operations for making
and keeping mines safe ;
" oil extraction activities " means any activities of a person-
( a ) in searching for oil in the United Kingdom
or a designated area or causing such searching to be
carried out for him ; or
( b) in extracting or causing to be extracted for
him oil at any place in the United Kingdom or a
designated area under rights authorising the extrac-
tion and held by him or, if the person in question
is a company, by the company or a company
associated with it ; or
( c ) in transporting or causing to be transported for
him as far as dry land in the United Kingdom oil
extracted at any such place not on dry land under
rights authorising the extraction and held as afore-
said ; or
( d ) in effecting or causing to be effected for him
the initial treatment or initial storage of oil won
from any oil field under rights authorising its extrac-
tion and held as aforesaid ;
" oil rights " means rights to oil to be extracted at any place
in the United Kingdom or a designated area, or to
interests in or to the benefit of such oil.
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1015
c.22
( 2 ) For the purposes of (a ) in subsection ( 1 ) above-
( a) the expressions " oil field " and " initial treatment "
have the same meaning as in Part I of this Act ; and
66
(b) the definition of " initial storage " in section 12(1) above
shall apply but, in its application for those purposes in
relation to the person mentioned in (d ) in subsection
(1) above and to oil won from any one oil field,
shall have effect as if the reference to the maxi-
mum daily production rate of oil for the field as there
mentioned were a reference to that person's share of
that maximum daily production rate, that is to say a
share thereof proportionate to his share of the oil won
from that field.
(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act two companies
are associated with one another if-
( a) one is a 51 per cent. subsidiary of the other ;
(b) each is a 51 per cent. subsidiary of a third company ; or
( c) one is owned by a consortium of which the other is a
member ;
and section 258( 8) of the Taxes Act shall apply for the
purposes of paragraph ( c ) above.
PART II
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
20.-( 1 ) Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect for the pur- Modification
pose of extending section 485 of the Taxes Act (sales, etc. at of certain
undervalue or overvalue) in its application to transactions by provisions in
petroleum companies and shall apply in relation to- relation to
petroleum
( a) any transaction entered into after 31st December 1972 ; companies.
and
( b) any transaction entered into on or before that date and
carried out wholly or partly after that date, unless
carried out within the twelve months beginning with
the date on which it was entered into.
( 2 ) If and so far as the question in dispute on an appeal to
the General Commissioners or, in Northern Ireland, to a county
court against an assessment to tax made on a petroleum com-
pany as defined in the said Schedule 9 arises from a direction of
the Board under the said section 485 and the assessment is for
a chargeable period beginning after 31st December 1972, the
question shall be referred to and determined by the Special
Commissioners.
c .22
1016 Oil Taxation Act 1975
PART III
(3) Subsection ( 2) above is without prejudice to any other
provision requiring questions in dispute on appeals to the
General Commissioners to be referred to and determined by
the Special Commissioners.
:
Citation,
interpretation
and
construction .
21.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Oil Taxation Act 1975.
( 2 ) In this Act-
" the Board " means the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ;
designated area means an area designated by Order66 "
1964 с. 29.
in Council under section 1( 7) of the Continental Shelf
Act 1964;
1970 с. 10.
" the Taxes Act " means the Income and Corporation Taxes
Act 1970.
(3) Parts II and III of this Act, so far as they relate to income
tax , shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts and,
so far as they relate to corporation tax, shall be construed as
one with the Corporation Tax Acts.
( 4 ) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, and as including a
reference to that enactment as applied, by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
section, any reference in this Act to a licence granted under the
1934 с. 36.
Petroleum ( Production) Act 1934 includes a reference to a
licence granted under section 2 of that Act as applied by section
1( 3) of the Continental Shelf Act 1964.
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1017
c .22
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section1.
DETERMINATION OF OIL FIELDS
1 .- (1 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act an oil field is any
area which the appropriate authority may determine to be an oil field,
being an area of which every part is, or is part of , alicensed area.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Schedule the appropriate authority, in
relation to any area-
( a ) is the Secretary of State if the area is such that licences canbe
granted for all of it under the Petroleum ( Production ) Act 1934 c. 36.
1934;
( b ) is the Department of Commerce for Northern Ireland if the
area is such that licences can be granted for all of it under
the Petroleum (Production ) Act (Northern Ireland) 1964; 1964 c. 28 (N.I.) .
and
(c ) is the Secretary of State and that Department acting jointly
if the area is such that licences can be granted for part of it
under one and for part of it under the other of those Acts ;
and any reference in this Schedule to the making of representations to
the appropriate authority is, in a case falling within ( c) above, a reference
to the making of them to either the Secretary of State or the said
Department.
2. Before determining an area to be an oil field the appropriate
authority-
( a ) shall give notice in writing of the proposed determination to
every person who is a licensee in respect of a licensed area
wholly or partly included in that area and to any other
licensee whose interests appear to the authority to be affected ;
and
( b ) shall consider any representations in writing which a person
to whom a notice under this paragraph has been given may
make to the authority within sixty days of receiving the
notice,
and the determination may be made either as proposed or with such
modifications as appear to the authority to be appropriate after con-
sidering any representations made to the authority in accordance with
this paragraph.
3. A determination under this Schedule shall be in such form as
the appropriate authority thinks fit and shall for purposes of identifi-
cation assign to the field to which it relates a distinguishing number
or other designation.
4. The appropriate authority shall give notice of any determination
made by the authority under this Schedule to each of the persons to
whom notice of the proposed determination was given.
5. Adetermination under this Schedule may from time to time be
varied by a new determination thereunder made by the appropriate
authority, and paragraphs 2 to 4 above shall apply to any such new
determination.
B
c .22
1018 Oil Taxation Act 1975
Section 1.
1970 с. 9.
SCHEDULE 2
MANAGEMENT AND COLLECTION OF PETROLEUM REVENUE TAX
Management oftax
1.- (1) The tax shall be under the care and management of the
Board; and the provisions ofthe Taxes Management Act 1970 specified
in the first column of the following Table shall apply in relation to the
tax as they apply in relation to a tax within the meaning of that Act,
subject to any modifications specified in the second column of that
Table and with the substitution, for references to Part IX of that Act
or to the Taxes Acts, of references to this Part of this Act and, for
references to chargeable periods within the meaning of that Act, of
references to chargeable periods within the meaning of this Part of this
Act .
TABLE
Provisions applied
Section
1 ( 3 )
.. ..
4
.. ..
33 .. ..
Modifications
34
36
-
In subsection (1), for the words from " year of
assessment " to " in " substitute " charge-
able period for ".
In subsection (3), after " assessments made
66
on insert or determinations made in
relation to " ”.
In subsection (5 ), for the words following
profits " substitute " means assessable66
profits. "
.. ..
.. ..
Omit the reference to section 41, after
" default ", wherever occurring, insert " or
any neglect " and at the end add the follow-
ing paragraph-
" For the purposes of this section any
fraud, wilful default or neglect committed
at any time by a responsible person for
an oil field in connection with or in
relation to the tax shall be treated as
having been committed on behalf of each
of the participators in that field at that
time. "
48.. ..
49 ( 1 ).. ..
50(1 )-(5)
.. 51.. ..
52 .. ..
53 ..
..
56.. ..
-
Omit the proviso to subsection (5 ) .
-
-
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1019
c .22
Provisions applied
Section
) 2 ( 58
.. ..
) 3 (
.. ..
Modifications
SCH. 2
60
61
)1 ( 62
.. ..
.. ..
..
) 2 (
.. ..
63
)1 ( 64
..
.. ..
.. ..) 2 (
.. ..66
.. ..67
68
..
..
69
..
-
Omit the references to section 59 and, for
paragraphs (a) and ( b), substitute " ' pro-
ceedings in Northern Ireland ' means pro-
ceedings in respect of an oil field which is
wholly situated in an area for which licences
canbe granted under the Petroleum (Pro- 1964 c. 28 (N.I. ).
duction ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 " .
In subsection (1), omit the words following
66 charged therewith " .
In subsection (1), omit the words from " dis-
train upon " to " is charged or " .
Omit "
or which are payable for the year in
which the seizure is made " and for “
one
" 66 "
year and one whole year substitute
" two chargeable periods ".
66
ود
66
For one whole year substitute two
chargeable periods " .
66 "
For oneyear" and one whole year " sub-
stitute " two chargeable periods " .
66
For one whole year " substitute
66 two
chargeable periods " .
)1( 70
) 2 (
..
..
..) 2 ( 89
..
..
..
In paragraph ( a ) , substitute a reference to
section 68 as applied by this paragraph for
the reference to the sections there specified.
For the reference to section 86 or 87 substitute
a reference to paragraph 15 ofthis Schedule.
For the reference to the rate or rates of interest
prescribed by subsection (1) of that section
substitute a reference to the rate of interest
mentioned in paragraph 15 of this Schedule.
..) 3 (
..
.. ..90
.. ..98
Omit the Table, and for references to any of
the provisions specified in the Table sub-
stitute references to section 51 as applied by
this paragraph or to paragraph 7 of this
Schedule.
.. ..99
B2
c . 22
1020 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 2 Provisions applied
Section
100 (1).. ..
( 2 )
( 3 )
.. ..
.. ..
( 6 ) - ( 9)
..
101
.. ..
Modifications
Omit the words from the beginning to " this
section " .
Omit the reference to the General Com-
missioners .
For the reference to income or chargeable
gains substitute a reference to assessable
profits.
Omit the proviso to subsection ( 2) .
102
103(1) - (3)
104 ..
105
.. ..
..
..
.. ..
107(1) - (3)
108..
..
..
112.. ..
113(1A)
( 3 )
.. ..
.. ..
In subsection ( 2 ), for the words from the
beginning to " Acts " substitute " The tax
chargeable".
In subsection (1) , after " assessment to tax "
and " the assessment " insert " or determi-
nation " and after " duplicate of assessment
to tax" and " duplicate of assessment "
insert " or of determination " .
-
After " assessment " insert " determination "
and after " notice of assessment " insert
" notice of determination ".
After " assessment " wherever occurring
insert " or determination " .
1970 с. 9.
114.. ..
115(1) - (3)
..
118( 1)
.. ..
( 2 )
.. ..
( 2 ) Any expression to which a meaning is given in this Part of this
Act which is used in a provision of the Taxes Management Act 1970
applied by this paragraph shall, in that provision as so applied,
have the same meaning as in this Part of this Act.
Returns by participators
2.- (1 ) Every participator in an oil field shall, for each chargeable
period , prepare and, within two months after the end of the period,
deliver to the Board a return complying with the following provisions
of this paragraph ; but nothing in this sub-paragraph shall require a
participator to deliver a return under this paragraph before 31st
August 1975.
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1021
c. 22
( 2 ) Areturn under this paragraph for a chargeable period shall give SCH. 2
the following information in relation to oil which is or was included
in the participator's share of any oil won from the oil field (whether
or not in that period ), that is to say-
( a ) in the case of each delivery (other than one made before
13th November 1974) in the period of oil disposed of by
him crude ( other than oil delivered as mentioned in (c )
of this sub- paragraph ), the return shall-
(i ) state the quantity of oil delivered ;
( ii) state the person to whom the oil was disposed of ;
(iii ) in the case of oil disposed of in a sale at arm's
length, state the price received or receivable for the oil or,
in the case of oil disposed of otherwise than in a sale at
arm's length, state the market value of the oil at the
material time in the calendar month in which the delivery
was made ; and
( iv ) contain such other particulars of or relating to the
disposal as the Board may prescribe ;
( b) in the case of each relevant appropriation of crude oil
( other than one made before 13th November 1974 ) in the
period ( not being oil disposed of by him), the return
shall-
( i) state the quantity of oil appropriated ;
(ii) state the market value of the oil at the material
time in the calendar month in which the appropriation
was made ; and
(iii ) contain such other particulars of or relating to the
appropriation as the Board may prescribe ;
( c ) in the case of crude oil delivered to the Secretary of State
in the period under the terms of a licence granted under
the Petroleum (Production) Act 1934, the return shall state 1934 c. 36.
the total quantity of the oil ;
( d ) in the case of crude oil which, at the end of the period, has
either not been disposed of and not relevantly appropriated
or has been disposed of but not delivered, the return shall-
( i ) state the quantity of the oil ;
(ii ) state the market value of the oil at the end of the
period ; and
( iii ) contain such other particulars relating to the oil as
the Board may prescribe.
( 3) A return under this paragraph for a chargeable period shall
state-
( a ) the amount of royalty payable by the participator for that
period in respect of his share of oil won from the field as
shown in the return or returns made by him to the Secretary
of State under the relevant licence or licences ;
B 3
1022 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
SCH. 2 ( b ) the amount of royalty paid by the participator in that period
in respect of that share;
( c ) the amount of any royalty paid under any relevant licence in
respect of the field which was repaid to the participator in
that period; and
( d ) the amount of any periodic payment made by the participator
to the Secretary of State in that period under each relevant
licence otherwise than by way of royalty.
( 4) A return under this paragraph shall be in such form as the
Board may prescribe and shall include a declaration that the return is
correct and complete.
3.- (1) If a participator fails to deliver a return within the time
allowed for doing so under paragraph 2(1) above he shall be liable,
subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below-
( a ) to a penalty not exceeding, except in the case mentioned in
sub-paragraph (2) below, £500 ; and
( b ) if the failure continues after it has been declared by the
court or the Commissioners before whom proceedings for
the penalty have been commenced, to a further penalty not
exceeding £100 for each day on which the failure so
continues.
( 2 ) If the failure continues after the end of six months from the
time by which the return ought to have been delivered, the penalty
under sub-paragraph (1)( a) above shall be an amount not exceeding
the aggregate of £500 and the total amount of the tax with which the
participator is charged for the chargeable period in question.
( 3) Except in the case mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) above, the
participator shall not be liable to any penalty incurred under this
paragraph for failure to deliver a return if the failure is remedied
before proceedings for the recovery of the penalty are commenced.
Appointment of responsible person for each oil field
4.- (1) For each oil field a body corporate or partnership shall
be appointed in accordance with this paragraph as the responsible
person for that field to perform, in relation to the field, any functions
conferred on it as such by this Part of this Act ; and the body
or partnership which for the time being holds that appointment is in
this Part of this Act referred to as " the responsible person ".
( 2) No body corporate shall be eligible for appointment as the
responsible person for an oil field unless it is resident in the United
Kingdom, and no partnership shall be so eligible unless all its mem-
bers are resident there .
( 3) The participators in an oil field shall , by notice in writing to
the Board within the initial period, nominate a body corporate or
a partnership for appointment as the responsible person for that oil
field and, if the Board approve the nomination, the Board shall
appoint that body or partnership as the responsible person and give
it notice that it has been so appointed.
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1023
( 4 ) If-
( a ) the participators have made no nomination within the initial
period ; or
( b ) the Board do not appoint the body or partnership nominated
under sub -paragraph ( 3) above,
the Board shall appoint one of the participators in the oil field as
the responsible person for the field and shall give notice to that
participator that he has been so appointed.
( 5 ) For the purposes of the preceding provisions of this paragraph,
the initial period is is the period of thirty days beginning with the latest
date on which notice ofdetermination of the oil field is given to any
of the participators under paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 6 ) The Board may at any time, on the application of all the
participators in an oil field, appoint abody corporate or partnership
nominated by the participators as the responsible person for that
field in place of the body corporate or partnership which is the
responsible person at that time, and shall give the body orpartner-
ship so appointed notice that it has been so appointed.
( 7 ) The Board may, by notice in writing to the body corporate or
partnership which is for the time being the responsible person for an
oil field, revoke the appointment of that body or partnership as the
responsible person for that field ; and where they do so the Board
shall appoint one of the participators in the oil field as the responsible
person for that field and shall give notice to the participator that he
has been so appointed.
( 8 ) In this paragraph " participator ", in relation to an oil field,
means a person who is a licensee in respect of any licensed area
wholly or partly included in the field.
Returns by the responsible person
5.- (1) The responsible person for an oil field shall, for each
chargeable period, prepare and, within one month after the end of
the period, deliver to the Board a return for that period complying
with sub-paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3) below; but nothing in this sub-
paragraph shall require the responsible person to deliver a return
under this paragraph before 31st July 1975.
( 2) A return under this paragraph for a chargeable period shall-
( a ) state the quantity of oil won and saved from the oil field
during the period ;
( b ) state the respective interests of the participators in the field
inthat oil ;
( c ) state what , in accordance with those interests, is each par-
ticipator's share of that oil ; and
( d ) contain such other particulars of or relating to the field as
the Board may require.
( 3) A return under this paragraph shall be in such form as the
Board may prescribe and shall include a declaration that the return
is correct and complete.
B 4
SCH. 2
1024 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
SCH. 2 6.- (1) If the responsible person fails to deliver a return within
the time allowed for doing so under paragraph 5( 1) above he shall
be liable-
( a ) to a penalty not exceeding £500, and
( b) if the failure continues after it has been declared by the
court or Commissioners before whom proceedings for the
penalty have been commenced, to a further penalty not
exceeding £100 for each day on which the failure so
continues .
( 2) The responsible person shall not be liable to any penalty
incurred under sub-paragraph (1) above for failure to deliver a
return if the failure is remedied before proceedings for the recovery
of the penalty are commenced.
Production of accounts, books and other information
7.- (1 ) Where a participator in or the responsible person for an
oil field fails to deliver a return as required by paragraph 2 or, as
the case may be, 5 above or the Board are not satisfied with a return
delivered in pursuance of either of those paragraphs, the Board may,
by notice in writing, require the participator or, as the case may be,
the responsible person to do any of the following things, that is to
say-
( a ) to deliver to the Board copies of such accounts ( including
balance sheets ) relating to the field or to oil won
therefrom as may be specified or described in the notice
within such period as may be so specified, including, where
the accounts have been audited, a copy of the auditor's
certificate ;
(b) to make available, within such time as may be specified in
the notice, for inspection by an officer authorised by the
Board all such books, accounts and documents in his
possession or power as may be specified or described in the
notice, being books, accounts and documents which contain
information about transactions relating to the oil field or
to oil won therefrom.
( 2) An authorised officer of the Board may take copies of, or make
extracts from, any books, accounts or documents made available for
his inspection under this paragraph.
Incorrect returns, accounts, etc.
8.- (1 ) Where a participator in an oil field fraudulently or
negligently-
(a) delivers an incorrect return under paragraph 2 above ; or
(b ) makes any incorrect statement or declaration in connection
with any claim under this Part of this Act for the allow-
ance of any expenditure or for any relief in respect of the
tax ; or
( c ) submits to the Board or the Special Commissioners any
incorrect accounts in connection with the ascertainment of
the participator's liability to the tax,
c .22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1025
the participator shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding the
aggregate of-
( i ) £ 50, and
(ii ) the amount or, in the case of fraud, twice the amount, of the
difference specified in sub-paragraph ( 2) below.
( 2 ) The difference is that between-
( a ) the amount of tax payable by the participator-
(i ) for the chargeable period to which the return
relates ; or
(ii ) for the next chargeable period ending after the
allowance of the claim ; or
(iii ) for the chargeable period or periods against which
the relief is claimed ; or
(iv ) for the chargeable period or periods for which the
accounts are relevant,
as the case may be ; and
( b) the amount which would have been the amount so payable
if the return, statement, declaration or accounts as made or
submitted by him had been correct.
( 3) Where the responsible person for an oil field fraudulently or
negligently-
( a ) delivers an incorrect return under paragraph 5 above ; or
(b) makes any incorrect statement or declaration in connection
with any claim under this Part of this Act for the allowance
of any expenditure,
the responsible person shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding
£ 2,500 or, in the case of fraud on his part, £ 5,000.
9.- (1) Where any such return, statement, declaration or accounts
as are mentioned in paragraph 8 above were made or submitted
by any person neither fraudulently nor negligently and it comes to
his notice that they were incorrect, then, unless the error is remedied
without unreasonable delay, the return, statement, declaration or
accounts shall be treated as having been negligently made or sub-
mitted by the first-mentioned person.
( 2) Where any such return, statement, declaration or accounts
were made or submitted by the responsible person for an oil field
neither fraudulently nor negligently and it comes to the notice of any
person who subsequently becomes the responsible person for that field
that they were incorrect, then, unless the error is remedied without
unreasonable delay, the return, statement, declaration or accounts
shall be treated as having been negligently made or submitted by
the responsible person to whose notice the incorrectness came.
( 3 ) For the purposes of paragraph 8 above, any accounts submitted
on behalf of any person shall be deemed to have been submitted by
that person unless he proves that they were submitted without his
consent or connivance.
SCH. 2
c. 22
1026 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 2 Assessments to tax and determinations of loss, etc.
10.- (1 ) Where it appears to the Board that, in accordance with the
provisions of this Part of this Act, an assessable profit has accrued
to a participator in a chargeable period from an oil field , they shall
make an assessment to tax on the participator and shall give him
notice of the assessment.
( 2 ) Where it appears to the Board that, in accordance with those
provisions, an allowable loss has accrued to a participator in a
chargeable period from an oil field, they shall make a determination
that the loss is allowable to the participator and shall give him
notice of the determination.
( 3) Where it appears to the Board that , in accordance with those
provisions, neither an assessable profit nor an allowable loss has
accrued to a participator in a chargeable period, they shall make a
determination to that effect and shall give him notice of the
determination.
( 4) A notice of assessment for a chargeable period shall state the
amount of any allowable losses which, in accordance with those
provisions, have been set against the assessable profit for that period.
( 5 ) A notice of assessment or determination shall state that the
participator may appeal against the assessment or determination in
accordance with paragraph 14 below.
( 6 ) After the service of the notice of assessment or the notice of
determination the assessment or determination, as the case may be,
shall not be altered except in accordance with the express provisions
of this Part of this Act (including the provisions applied by paragraph
1 above ).
11.- ( 1 ) Where a participator has under paragraph 2 above
delivered to the Board a return for a chargeable period and the Board
are satisfied that the information given in the return is correct in
so far as it is material for the purpose of computing his assessable
profit or allowable loss (if any ) for that period, the Board shall (in
so far as the computation falls to be made by reference to the matters
dealt with in the return ) make the assessment or determination under
paragraph 10 above in accordance with the return.
( 2 ) Where the Board are not so satisfied in relation to a
participator's return or a participator fails to deliver to the Board
a return for a chargeable period as required by paragraph 2 above,
the Board shall, in so far as the computation of his assessable profit
or allowable loss (if any) for that period falls to be made by reference
to the matters which were dealt with in the return or, as the case may
be, ought to have been dealt with in a return, make the assessment
or determination under paragraph 10 above to the best of their
judgment.
( 3) Nothing in sub-paragraph (2 ) above or in paragraph 5 above
shall be taken, in a case where the participator has delivered a return
as to which the Board are not satisfied as mentioned in sub-paragraph
( 1) above, to prevent the Board from basing their assessment or
determination on the participator's having had an interest in oil won
and saved from the field different from that on which he based his
return.
i
i
!
Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22 1027
12.- (1) Where it appears to the Board-
SCH. 2
( a ) that the assessable profit charged to tax by or stated in
an assessment ought to be or to have been larger or
smaller ; or
( b ) that the allowable loss stated in an assessment or a deter-
mination of loss ought to be or to have been larger or
smaller ; or
( c ) that , where they made adetermination that neither an assess-
able profit nor an allowable loss accrued in a chargeable
period, they ought to have made an assessment to tax or a
determination of loss for that period,
the Board may make such assessments or determinations or such
amendments of assessments or determinations as may be necessary ;
and where the Board exercise any of their powers under this para-
graph in relation to a chargeable period, they may make such
adjustments in assessments or determinations for other chargeable
periods as may be necessary in consequence of the exercise of
those powers.
( 2 ) Where under sub-paragraph (1 ) above it appears to the Board
that the assessable profit for a chargeable period ought to have been
larger and that the deficiency resulted from an excessive allowable
loss accruing in a subsequent period having been set against the
profit for that period, the Board may ( notwithstanding anything in
section 34 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( ordinary time limit 1970 с. 9.
for assessments) ) make a further assessment by virtue of sub-para-
graph (1) above at any time not later than six years after the end
of the chargeable period in which the allowable loss accrued.
Payment of tax
13. Subject to paragraph 14 below, the tax charged in an assess-
ment made on a participator for any chargeable period shall be pay-
able by him four months after the end of that chargeable period or, if
later, thirty days after the date of issue of the notice of assessment ;
but no tax shall be payable by virtue of this paragraph before 30th
April 1976.
Appeals
14.- (1) A participator may appeal to the Special Commissioners
against an assessment or determination made on or in relation to
him by notice of appeal in writing given to the Board within thirty
days after the date of issue of the notice of assessment or determina-
tion .
( 2) The notice of appeal shall specify the grounds of appeal, but
on the hearing of the appeal the Commissioners may allow the
appellant to put forward any ground not specified in the notice, and
may take it into consideration if satisfied that the omission was not
wilful or unreasonable.
( 3) A participator who has given notice of appeal under sub-
paragraph (1) above against an assessment charging him with any tax
for a chargeable period may , if he delivered a return for that period
as required by paragraph 2 above, withhold, until the determination
c . 22
1028 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 2
1970 с. 9.
or abandonment of the appeal, so much of the tax charged in the
assessment as is the smaller of-
( a ) the amount of the tax so charged ; and
( b ) tax on the difference between-
(i ) the aggregate of the consideration received or receiv-
able for oil as stated in the participator's return in
pursuance of sub-paragraph ( 2) of that paragraph and,
subject to sub-paragraph ( 4) below, the market value of
oil as so stated ; and
(ii ) the aggregate of the corresponding consideration
and value as included in the assessment.
( 4 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 5 ) below, where the market value
of all the oil for which a market value is stated in the participator's
return is, as stated in that return, less than the value which is
produced for that oil by applying to it the average price mentioned
in sub-paragraph (6 ) below, sub-paragraph ( 3) above shall have
effect as if, for the reference to the market value of oil as so stated,
there were substituted a reference to the value which is so produced
for that oil.
( 5 ) The comparison of values and the substitution required by
sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above shall, in the case of an appeal by a partici-
pator whose return relates both to gas and to other oil, be made
separately for the gas and for the other oil.
( 6 ) The average price referred to in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above is
the average price at which all oil included in the relevant returns
as oil delivered in the period covered by the returns and disposed
of in sales at arm's length was so disposed of.
( 7 ) The relevant returns for the purposes of sub-paragraph (6 )
above are all the returns of all the participators in all oil fields
which-
( a ) were made for the chargeable period preceding that to which
the appeal relates ; and
( b) were delivered before the end of the chargeable period to
which the appeal relates.
( 8) The participator may at any time, if the Board do not object
to his doing so, abandon an appeal instituted by him ; and for this
purpose he shall notify his desire to do so to the Board who may,
within thirty days after being so notified, object by notice in writing
to the participator.
( 9) Where, at any time between-
( a ) the giving of a notice of appeal against the assessment or
determination or from a decision of the Board on a claim
under section 33 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 as
applied by paragraph 1 above, and
(b) the determination of the appeal by the Special Commissioners,
the Board and the participator agree on the adjustments that should
be made in the assessment or determination and on any consequential
c. 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1029
adjustments to other assessments or determinations, the Board may
make the adjustments agreed on and thereupon the appeal shall be
deemed to be abandoned.
(10 ) If, on the appeal, it appears to a majority of the Commissioners
present at the hearing that the assessable profit charged to tax by or
stated in the assessment ought to have been larger or smaller, they
shall amend the assessment accordingly or substitute for the assess-
ment any determination which could have been made by the Board
under paragraph 10 above, but otherwise the assessment shall stand
good .
(11) Save as otherwise provided by this Schedule (including the
provisions applied by paragraph 1 above ), the determination of the
Special Commissioners in any proceedings under this Part of this Act
shall be final and conclusive.
Interest on tax
15.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, tax charged in an
assessment for a chargeable period shall carry interest at the rate of
9 per cent. per annum from four months after the end of the period
until payment.
( 2 ) Nothing in sub-paragraph (1) above shall authorise or require
interest to be charged from any time before 30th April 1976.
( 3) Where, under paragraph 14( 3) above, tax may be withheld until
the determination or abandonment of an appeal, the interest on that
tax may also be withheld until the determination or abandonment
of the appeal.
16. Where any amount of tax charged by an assessment to tax
becomes repayable under any provision of this Part of this Act
that amount shall carry interest at the rate of 9 per cent. per annum
from four months after the end of the chargeable period for which
the assessment was made until repayment.
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
PETROLEUM REVENUE TAX : MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
Definition of sale of oil at arm's length
1.- (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a sale of any oil
is a sale at arm's length if , but only if , the following conditions are
satisfied with respect to the contract of sale, that is to say-
( a ) the contract price is the sole consideration for the sale ;
( b ) the terms of the sale are not affected by any commercial
relationship (other than that created by the contract itself )
between the seller or any person connected with the seller
and the buyer or any person connected with the buyer ;
and
( c ) neither the seller nor any person connected with him has,
directly or indirectly, any interest in the subsequent resale
ordisposal of the oil or any product derived therefrom.
Section 1 .
1030 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
SCH. 3 ( 2 ) Section 533 of the Taxes Act ( connected persons ) shall apply
for the purposes of the preceding sub-paragraph.
Definition of market value of oil
2.- (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the market value
of any oil shall be ascertained in accordance with this paragraph :
and in this paragraph the time as at which market value is to be
ascertained is referred to as " the relevant time ".
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the
market value of any oil at the relevant time is the price at which the
oil could have been sold to a willing buyer at that time in a sale at
arm's length under a contract of sale made at that time and satisfying
the following conditions, that is to say-
( a ) the contract requires the oil to have been subjected to
appropriate initial treatment before delivery ;
( b ) the contract requires the oil to be delivered-
(i ) in the case of oil extracted in the United Kingdom,
at the place of extraction ; or
( ii ) in the case of oil extracted from strata in the sea
bed and subsoil of the territorial sea of the United King-
dom or of a designated area, at the place in the United
Kingdom at which the seller could reasonably be
expected to deliver it or, if there is more than one such
place, the one nearest to the place of extraction ;
( c ) in the case of oil whose market value falls to be ascertained
as at a particular time for the purposes of paragraph (b)
of section 2( 4) or paragraph ( d ) of section 2( 5) of this Act
or, subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, under paragraph 3
below for the purposes of paragraph ( b) or (c) of the said
section 2(5) , the contract is for the sale of the whole quantity
of oil whose market value falls to be ascertained as at that
time for the purposes of the paragraph in question, and of
no other oil .
( 3) If oil whose market value falls to be ascertained as at a par-
ticular time under paragraph 3 below for the purposes of paragraph
( b ) of the said section 2(5) was not all disposed of to the same person,
then the market value at that time of so much of that oil as was
disposed of to any one person shall be ascertained in accordance
with sub-paragraphs ( 1) and ( 2) above as if that were the only oil
whose market value fell to be ascertained as at that time for those
purposes ( with sub-paragraph ( 2)( b) above applying accordingly).
( 4 ) The provisions of sub- paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3) above shall apply
for the ascertainment of the market value of oil in any case men-
tioned in paragraph 2( 2) of Schedule 2 to this Act as they apply in
relation to the corresponding case mentioned in those provisions.
Aggregate market value of oil for purposes of section 2(5)
3.- ( 1) For the purposes of subsection (5) of section 2 of this Act
the aggregate market value of any oil falling within paragraph (b)
or (c ) of that subsection shall be arrived at by ascertaining, for each
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1031
c .22
calendar month in the chargeable period in question , the market
SCH. 3
value at the material time of so much, if any, of that oil as was-
( a ) in the case of oil falling within the said paragraph (b) ,
delivered as there mentioned in that month ; or
( b) in the case of oil falling within the said paragraph (c ),
appropriated as there mentioned in that month,
and, in either case, aggregating the market values so ascertained.
( 2 ) In this paragraph and elsewhere in this Part of this Act
" calendar month " (where those words are used ) means a month
of the calendar year, and " the material time ", in relation to a
calendar month, means noon on the relevant day, that is to say-
( a ) for a month containing an odd number of days, the middle
day of the month ;
( b) for a month containing an even number of days, the last
day of the first half of the month.
Oil delivered in place of royalties to be disregarded for
certain purposes
4. Oil delivered to the Secretary of State under the terms of a
licence granted under the Petroleum ( Production ) Act 1934 shall be 1934 c. 36.
disregarded for the purposes of section 2( 5) of this Act and for the
purposes of the references in section 8( 3) and ( 4 ) of this Act to a
participator's share of the oil won and saved from an oil field in a
chargeable period.
Effect of transfer to an associated company of participator's
rights etc. in connection with an oil field or relevant licence
5.- (1) This paragraph applies to any agreement or other arrange-
ment between a participator in an oil field and a company associated
with the participator whereby-
( a ) ownership of all or any of the participator's share of the oil
wonand saved from the field is transferred to the company ;
and
( b ) the company obtains or assumes all or any of the partici-
pator's other rights, interests and obligations in connection
with the field or any relevant licence.
( 2 ) As regards any chargeable period in which a participator in
an oil field is a party to an arrangement to which this paragraph
applies, the other party to the arrangement shall be treated for all
purposes of this Part of this Act (except this paragraph) and for the
purposes of section 17 of this Act as having been a participator in
the field at all times when the actual participator was such a partici-
pator (including times before the arrangement was made ), and shall
be assessable and chargeable to tax and entitled to make any claim
under this Part of this Act, and any deduction or claim under the
said section 17, accordingly.
( 3) Where a participator in an oil field is or has been a party to an
arrangement to which this paragraph applies then for all purposes of
this Part of this Act-
1032 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
SCH . 3 ( a ) anything done by or in relation to the participator in con-
nection with the field or any relevant licence shall be treated
as being or having been done by or, as the case may be,
in relation to the other party to the arrangement ; and
( b ) all rights, interests or obligations of the participator in con-
nection with the field or any relevant licence shall be
treated as being or having been rights, interests or obligations
of the other party.
( 4 ) Where a participator in an oil field is or has been a party
to an arrangement to which this paragraph applies, then, if any
tax or interest payable under this Part of this Act by the other
party to the arrangement is not paid within thirty days after the
date on which it becomes payable, the Board may by notice in writing
require the participator to pay that tax or interest ; and where such
anotice is served on the participator, the tax or interest in question
shall be payable by him forthwith, but without prejudice to the
Board's right to recover it from the other party .
"
( 5 ) For the purposes of this paragraph " company means any
body corporate, and a participator in an oil field and another com-
pany are associated with one another if-
( a ) the participator has control over or is under the control of
the other company ; or
( b ) the participator and the other company are both under the
control of the same person or persons ;
and in this sub-paragraph “ control " has the meaning given by
section 534 of the Taxes Act.
Oil owned by a person other than a participator in the oil field
from which it was won
6.- (1) Where a proportion of a participator's share in the oil won
and saved from an oil field (as distinct from a specific quantity of
oil comprised in that share ) is owned by another person ( in this para-
graph referred to as " the owner ") who acquired it ( whether directly
or indirectly) under an agreement to which paragraph 5 above does
not apply, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the oil acquired by
the owner under the agreement shall be treated in every case as
having been disposed of to him by the participator otherwise than
in a sale at arm's length.
( 3 ) Where any oil which the owner owns in right of the agreement
is in pursuance of the agreement-
( a ) delivered to the owner by the participator ; or
(b) delivered to a third person by the participator acting on
behalf of the owner,
the delivery shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be regarded
as a delivery by the participator although he does not own the oil.
( 4 ) This sub-paragraph applies to all such oil ( if any ) as, being
owned by the owner in right of the agreement, is in any chargeable
period delivered by the participator as mentioned in the preceding
c . 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1033
sub- paragraph and would accordingly, apart from the following sub-
paragraph, fall to be brought into account under section 2(5)(b) of
this Act in computing the assessable profit or allowable loss accruing
to the participator in that period ( in the following sub-paragraph
referred to as " the relevant period ") .
( 5 ) If on a claim made by the participator within two months after
the end of the relevant period-
( a ) it is shown that some or all of the oil to which sub-paragraph
( 4 ) above applies has been disposed of by or on behalf of
the owner crude in sales at arm's length ; and
( b ) the Board are satisfied that the oil with respect to which it is
so shown includes the whole of so much of the oil to which
that sub-paragraph applies as has been so disposed of,
then , in computing the assessable profit or allowable loss accruing to
the participator in the relevant period, the oil with respect to which
it is so shown shall be brought into account by reference to the
price received or receivable for it by the owner instead of by reference
to its market value.
SCH. 3
Exclusion from section 2 (4) (b) and (5 )(d ) of offshore oil in
transit to place of first landing in United Kingdom
7. In computing the assessable profit or allowable loss
accruing to a participator in a chargeable period from an oil field ,
the market value of any oil won as mentioned in section 3( 1)( f )
of this Act-
( a ) shall not be taken into account under section 2(4)(b) of
this Act if and to the extent that at the end of the preceding
chargeable period the oil was in the course of being trans-
ported to the place where it was first landed in the United
Kingdom ; and
(b) shall not be taken into account under section 2(5)(d ) of this
Act if and to the extent that at the end of the first-
mentioned chargeable period the oil was in the course of
being so transported.
Certain subsidised expenditure to be disregarded
8.- (1 ) Expenditure shall not be regarded for any of the purposes
of this Part of this Act as having been incurred by any person in so
far as it has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown
or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the
United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the
first -mentioned person, unless it is so met by a grant made under
Part I of the Industry Act 1972 or a grant made under an enactment 1972 c. 63.
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or Measure of the Northern
Ireland Assembly and declared by order of the Treasury under
section 84 of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 to correspond to a 1968 с. 3.
grant made under the said Part I.
( 2 ) In considering , for the purposes of this paragraph, how far any
expenditure has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the
c.22
1034 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 3 Crown or by any authority or person other than the person incurring
the expenditure, there shall be left out of account any insurance or
compensation payable in respect of the loss or destruction of any
asset .
Election to have amounts mentioned in section 2( 9)(b) and (c)
spread.
9.- (1 ) If a participator in an oil field so elects by notice in writing
given to the Board before 1st January 1976 or not later than three
months after the end of the earliest chargeable period in which he
is a participator in that field, the following provisions of this para-
graph shall apply in his case as regards that field; and an election
under this sub-paragraph shall be irrevocable.
( 2) Where, in computing the assessable profit or allowable loss
accruing to the participator in the first or any subsequent chargeable
period from the field, any amount attributable to expenditure quali-
fying for supplement under paragraph (b)(ii) or (c)( ii) of section 2(9)
of this Act by virtue of section 3( 5) of this Act would, apart from the
election, fall to be taken into account under paragraph (b) or (c) of
the said section 2(9), then only one-tenth of that amount shall be
so taken into account for that period, and, subject to sub-paragraph
( 3) below, one-tenth of that amount shall be so taken into account in
computing the assessable profit or allowable loss accruing to the
participator in each of the nine following chargeable periods.
( 3) If the winning of oil from the field permanently ceases at a
time before the end of the last of those nine chargeable periods, so
much of the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) above as at
that time has not been taken into account as there mentioned for
any chargeable period shall be so taken into account in computing
the assessable profit or allowable loss accruing to the participator in
the chargeable period in which that time falls .
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) above shall, if the participator in
his notice so elects and specifies accordingly, apply as if for the
references to " one- tenth " and " nine " there were substituted
references to one of the fractions mentioned in the left-hand column
below and the corresponding number mentioned in the right-hand
column, namely-
one- eighth... ... ... seven
one-sixth... ... ...
five
one-quarter... ... ...
three
one-third... two.
( 5) The reference in sub-paragraph (2 ) above to an amount attri-
butable to expenditure qualifying for supplement as there mentioned
includes an amount attributable to the expenditure itself as well as
an amount calculated by reference to it under paragraph (b)(ii) or
( c )(ii) of section 2( 9) .
10.- (1) Where a participator has made an election under para-
graph 9(1) above, section 8 of this Act shall have effect in his case
subject to the following provisions of this paragraph.
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1035
c.22
( 2 ) The reduction made under subsection (1) of that section for
any chargeable period shall not exceed the reduction which would
have fallen to be so made if the participator had not made any such
election.
( 3) If for any chargeable period the reduction which would,
apart from this sub-paragraph, fall to be made under the said sub-
section (1) is less than it would have been if the participator had
not made any such election, an amount equal to the difference shall
be available for use under the following sub-paragraph as regards
subsequent chargeable periods.
( 4 ) For any chargeable period for which a reduction falls to be
made under paragraph (a ) of the said subsection (1), so much, if
any, as the participator may specify of , or of the unused balance of ,
any amount available for use under this sub-paragraph by virtue
of sub -paragraph ( 3) above shall be used by treating for all purposes
of the said section 8 the cash equivalent of his share of the oil
allowance for the field for that period as increased thereby.
Restriction of amount of reduction under section 8(1)
11. Where-
( a ) a claim under Schedule 5 or 6 to this Act is made after the
relevant time ; and
( b ) the reduction which would, apart from this paragraph, fall
to be made under subsection (1) of section 8 of this Act
for any chargeable period is greater than it would have
been if the expenditure and other amounts allowed on the
claim had been claimed before and allowed at the relevant
time,
then, if the Board so direct, the reduction made under that sub-
section for that chargeable period shall be only what it would have
been if the expenditure and other amounts allowed on the claim had
been claimed before and allowed at the relevant time.
In this paragraph " the relevant time " means the end of twelve
months from the end of the claim period to which the claim
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( a) above relates.
SCH. 3
SCHEDULE 4
PROVISIONS SUPPLEMENTARY TO SECTIONS 3 AND 4
Restrictions on expenditure allowable under section 3 or 4
1.- (1 ) Expenditure incurred by any person in the acquisition of
an asset is not allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act for an oil
field if expenditure previously incurred by another person in
acquiring, bringing into existence, or enhancing the value of that
asset is allowable under that section for that field.
Section 4(13) of this Act applies to the preceding provisions of this
sub- paragraph.
Sections 3 and 4.
1036 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c.22
SCH. 4 ( 2 ) Sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall, with any necessary modifications,
have effect in relation to expenditure incurred by a person-
( a ) in renting orhiring an asset or any interest in an asset ; or
( b) for the provision of services or other business facilities of
whatever kind ; or
( c ) for the grant or transfer to him of any right, licence or
interest (other than an interest in an asset),
as it has effect in relation to expenditure incurred in the acquisition
of , or of an interest in, an asset.
2.- (1 ) Where a person has incurred expenditure in the acquisition
of an asset in a transaction to which this paragraph applies, he
shall be treated for the purposes of sections 3 and 4 of this Act as
having incurred that expenditure only to the extent that it does not
exceed expenditure (other than expenditure in respect of interest
or any other pecuniary obligation incurred in obtaining a loan or any
other form of credit ) incurred by another person in acquiring, bringing
into existence, or enhancing the value of that asset in a trans-
action to which this paragraph does not apply (or, if there has been
more than one such transaction, the later or latest of them ).
Section 4( 13) of this Act applies to the preceding provisions of this
sub-paragraph.
( 2) This paragraph applies to any transaction between connected
persons and to any transaction made otherwise than at arm's length ;
and for the purposes of this paragraph a person is connected with
another person if-
( a ) they are connected within the meaning of section 533 of
the Taxes Act ; or
( b) they are both participators in the oil field in question ; or
( c) one of them is a participator in that field and the other is
connected ( within the meaning of the said section 533) with
another participator in that field.
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 1 above shall apply in relation
to sub- paragraph (1) above as it applies in relation to sub-paragraph
(1) of that paragraph .
3.- (1 ) This paragraph applies in the case of any oil field from
which oil began to be won in commercial quantities before 13th
November 1974.
(2 ) Expenditure incurred before that date which, apart from this
paragraph, would be allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act for
an oil field shall be so allowable only to the extent that it was
incurred-
( a ) in connection with that field for one or more of the purposes
mentioned in paragraphs ( a ) to (c ) of section 3(1) of this
Act; or
(b ) in acquiring, bringing into existence, or enhancing the value
of an asset used on or after that date in connection with the
field.
c.22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1037
Disposal of long-term asset formerly used in connection with an
oil field
4.- (1) Where an asset is used in connection with an oil field in
circumstances such that section 4 of this Act applies to any expendi-
ture incurred in acquiring, bringing into existence, or enhancing the
value of that asset, then if-
( a ) the asset is disposed of for valuable consideration while in
use in that connection or not more than two years after its
use in that connection permanently ceases ;
( b) the person making the disposal is either a participator in
the field or a person connected with a participator ;
( c ) the person to whom the disposal is made is not a person
connected with a participator ; and
( d ) the amount or value of the consideration received or
receivable for the disposal is not less than the price which
the asset might reasonably have been expected to fetch if
sold in the open market at the time of the disposal,
sub-paragraphs ( 2) to ( 4 ) below shall have effect.
( 2 ) If the disposal occurs without the asset permanently ceasing
to be used in connection with the field, its use in that connection
shall for the purposes of section 4 of this Act and the following
provisions of this paragraph be deemed to have permanently ceased
at the time of the disposal.
( 3) If the disposal takes place not later than the end of the claim
period in which the use of the asset in connection with the field
permanently ceases, the proportion of the expenditure allowable
under section 4 of this Act for the relevant period ( that is to say
the period which, in relation to that claim period, is the relevant
period for the purposes of subsection ( 7) of that section) or, if the
claim period in question is the first relevant claim period (as defined
in that section ), the proportion of the expenditure so allowable for
that claim period shall be computed under that section subject to
the provisions of sub-paragraph (5 ) below.
( 4 ) If the disposal takes place after the end of the claim period
in which the use of the asset in connection with the field permanently
ceases, then, as regards the claim period in which the disposal takes
place-
( a ) subsection ( 7 ) of section 4 of this Act shall have effect in
relation to the asset as if its use in that connection had
permanently ceased in that claim period ( but so that for
the purposes of subsections ( 5) and (6) of that section as
applied by the said subsection ( 7) the asset shall not be
treated as having been used in that connection at any time
when it was not so used ) ; and
( b ) the proportion of the expenditure allowable under that
section for the relevant period ( that is to say the period
which, in relation to that claim period is the relevant period
for the purposes of the said subsection ( 7 )) shall be com-
puted under that section subject to the provisions of sub-
paragraph (5) below.
SCH. 4
1038 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
SCH. 4 ( 5 ) For the purposes of the computation mentioned in sub-
paragraph (3) or ( 4) above, as the case may be-
( a ) the amount of the expenditure incurred in acquiring, bringing
into existence, or enhancing the value of the asset which
would otherwise fall to be taken into account shall be
treated as reduced by the amount or value of the con-
sideration received or receivable for the disposal (or, if
equal to or smaller than the amount or value of that
consideration, as reduced to nil ) ; and
( b ) the asset's useful life shall be treated as having ended at
the time of the disposal or, if the asset permanently ceased
to be used in connection with the field before that time
and was neither used nor available for use by anyone in
the interval between its permanently ceasing to be so used
and the time of the disposal, at the time when it per-
manently ceased to be so used.
( 6 ) In any case where, for different parts of the expenditure
incurred in the case of an asset as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)
above, different proportions thereof would be allowable under section
4 of this Act apart from sub-paragraph (5 )(a ) above (including a case
where, for some but not all of that expenditure, the proportion
thereof so allowable would be 100 per cent .), the amount or value
of the consideration received or receivable for the disposition shall
for the purposes of this paragraph be treated as referable to those
different parts in such proportions as may be just and reasonable.
( 7 ) Section 4(13) of this Act applies to the preceding provisions of
this paragraph ; and those provisions shall, with any necessary
modifications, apply in relation to a disposal of an interest in an
asset as they apply in relation to a disposal of an asset.
( 8) Section 533 of the Taxes Act (connected persons) shall apply for
the purposes of this paragraph.
Long-term assets used in connection with more than one oil field
5.- (1 ) Where in any claim period a long-term asset is used to a
substantial extent in connection with an oil field ( in this paragraph
referred to as " the relevant field " ) and is in that period also used in
connection with one or more other oil fields, then, if any payments
for the hire of that asset are receivable by all or any of the persons
mentioned in sub -paragraph ( 3) below in respect of its use in the
period in connection with the other field or fields, the following
sub- paragraph shall apply.
( 2 ) The use of the asset in the claim period in question in connection
with the other field or fields shall be treated for the purposes of
this Part of this Act as use in connection with the relevant field .
but the total amount of expenditure allowable under sections 3 and 4
of this Act on a claim for that period in respect of the relevant field
shall be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate of the payments
for the hire of the asset which are receivable in the period by all or
any of the persons mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3) below in respect of
its use in connection with the other field or fields .
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1039
c. 22
( 3) The persons referred to in sub-paragraphs (1) and ( 2) above are
the participators in the relevant field and every other person con-
nected with any of them ; and section 533 of the Taxes Act ( con-
nected persons) shall apply for the purposes of this sub-paragraph.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph an asset used in connection
with an oil field is a long-term asset if its useful life continues after
the end of the claim period in which it is first used in connection
with the field .
Provisions supplementary to section 4( 9) of this Act and
paragraph 5( 2) above
6.- (1 ) Where in the case of an oil field, the total amount of the
expenditure allowable under sections 3 and 4 of this Act on a claim
for aclaim period-
(a ) is, under one or more of the relevant provisions, reduced to
nil; and
( b ) would, under one or more of those provisions, have fallen
to be reduced by a further amount if the total amount of
that expenditure had been sufficient to enable the maximum
reduction thereunder to be made,
that further amount shall be apportioned between the participators
in proportions corresponding to what for that claim period would
be their respective shares of any expenditure falling within section
2( 9)(b)(i ) of this Act; and in computing the assessable profit or
allowable loss accruing to any participator in the earliest chargeable
period which ends after the end of that claim period, the aggregate
mentioned in section 2( 4)( a ) of this Act shall be increased by an
amount equal to the amount apportioned to him under this paragraph.
"
( 2 ) In this paragraph " the relevant provisions means section
4( 9) of this Act and paragraph 5( 2) above.
Insurance or compensation in respect of loss or destruction of
long-term asset formerly used in connection with oil field
7.- ( 1) Where, in consequence of the loss or destruction at any
time within the period mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph
4 above of such an asset as is mentioned in that sub-paragraph, any
insurance or compensation in respect of the loss or destruction is
receivable by a participator in the field or a person connected with
a participator, paragraphs 4 and 6 above shall apply as if at that
time the person by whom the insurance or compensation is receiv-
able had disposed of the asset or his interest in it for an amount
equal to the insurance or compensation.
( 2 ) Section 533 of the Taxes Act ( connected persons) shall apply
for the purposes of this paragraph.
Assets acquired jointly by participators in different oil fields
8. Where an asset was acquired jointly by persons who are par-
ticipators in two or more different oil fields ( whether or not any one
of those persons is a participator in more than one of those fields ).
then in determining for the purposes of section 4 of this Act, in the
SCH. 4
1040 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c .22
SCH. 4 case of any one of those fields, the use which has been, or which
it is reasonable to assume will be, made of the asset otherwise than
in connection with that field, no regard shall be had to its use or
possible use in connection with any other of those fields.
Sections 3 and 4. SCHEDULE 5
ALLOWANCE OF EXPENDITURE (OTHER THAN ABORTIVE
EXPLORATION EXPENDITURE )
Claim periods and claims
1.- (1 ) In relation to any oil field-
(a ) the first claim period is whichever of the following periods
the responsible person elects, namely the period ending at
the end of June following the determination of the field or
the period ending at the end of December following that
determination ( including, in either case, an unlimited time
prior to that determination) ;
( b ) each subsequent claim period is whichever of the following
periods the responsible person elects, namely the period of
six months or the period of twelve months from the end of
the preceding claim period :
Provided that unless and until the responsible person elects the
period of six months from the end of any particular claim period, the
claim period next after that claim period shall be taken to be the
period of twelve months from the end of it.
( 2 ) An election under this paragraph must be made by notice in
writing to the Board.
2.- (1 ) A claim under this Schedule for the allowance of any
expenditure allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act for an oil
field must be made by the responsible person to the Board and,
subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, must be made in a
claim or claims for the claim period in which the expenditure is
incurred, but may not be made before the determination of the field
or more than six years after the end of the claim period in which
the expenditure is incurred.
( 2) Aclaim under this Schedule for the allowance of any expendi-
ture allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act for an oil field
which was incurred by a person before he became a participator
in the field must be made in a claim for the claim period in which
he became a participator.
( 3) A claim under this Schedule shall not include any expenditure
allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act which has been included
in a claim under Schedule 6to this Act.
( 4 ) Aclaim must state-
( a ) what part (if any ) of the expenditure is claimed as qualifying
for supplement under section 2(9)(b)(ii) of this Act ; and
c.22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1041
( b ) the shares in which, in accordance with their respective
interests in the oil field , the participators propose
to divide between them, for the purposes of para-
graph (b) of section 2( 9) of this Act, the expenditure allowed
on the claim and the amount which will arise under sub-
paragraph (ii) of that paragraph if some or all of that
expenditure is allowed on the claim as so qualifying.
( 5 ) Where a claim for the allowance of any expenditure under
section 4 of this Act for an oil field was made in relation to any
asset for the claim period which, in the case of that asset, is the
first relevant claim period ( as defined in that section), then any
claim with respect to that field made under this Schedule for any
subsequent claim period must give all such information as is relevant
for the purpose of enabling the Board to carry into effect the provi-
sions of that section in relation to that asset.
( 6 ) Aclaim must be in such form as the Board may prescribe and
must include a declaration that all statements contained in it are
correct to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person making
the claim.
3.- (1 ) The Board shall by notice in writing to the responsible
person inform him of their decision on the claim, stating in the
notice-
( a ) the amount of the expenditure allowed by them on the
claim ;
( b) the amount, if any, of that expenditure allowed by them on
the claim as qualifying for supplement under section
2(9)(b)(ii) of this Act ; and
( c ) the shares determined by the Board to be the shares in
which, in the opinion of the Board, the amount stated
under (a ) above or, as the case may be, the aggregate of
that amount and an amount equal to the relevant percentage
of the amount stated under (b) above, is divisible between
the participators for the purposes of section 2(9) (b) of this
Act ;
and where the decision relates to part only of the expenditure
claimed, or claimed as so qualifying, the Board shall give a further
notice or notices in relation to the remainder.
"
( 2) In this paragraph " the relevant percentage means the
percentage mentioned in the said section 2(9)(b)(ii).
4. If, in a case where sub-paragraph (5 ) of paragraph 2 above
requires a claim made for a particular claim period to give all such
information as is relevant for the purpose there mentioned in rela-
tion to an asset, a claim satisfying the requirements of that sub-
paragraph is not made within twelve months after the end of that
period, then, in carrying into effect the provisions of section 4 of
this Act in relation to that asset for that claim period, the Board
may proceed according to the best of their judgment, and may make
any adjustments under any of the provisions mentioned in paragraph
6( 2) of Schedule 4 to this Act accordingly.
SCH. 5
c .22
1042 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 5
Appeals
5.- (1) If-
( a ) the amount or total of the amounts stated under sub-
paragraph (1)( a) of paragraph 3 above in the notice or
notices given by the Board under that paragraph on a claim,
or the amount or total of the amounts so stated under
sub-paragraph (1) ( b) of that paragraph, is less than the
amount claimed ; or
( b) the shares so stated under sub- paragraph (1)( c ) of that para-
graph in the notice or latest of the notices so given differ
from the shares stated under paragraph 2( 4)( b) above in
the claim,
the responsible person may by notice in writing given to the Board
not more than three years after the making of the claim appeal to
the Special Commissioners ; but the bringing of an appeal under
this paragraph shall not affect the operation of any notice so given
by the Board.
( 2 ) On an appeal against a decision on a claim brought on the
ground mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) above, and in any proceed-
ings arising out of such an appeal, any participator in the oil field to
which the claim relates shall be entitled to appear and be heard.
( 3) An appeal against a decision on a claim may at any time be
abandoned by a notice in writing given to the Board by the
responsible person.
( 4 ) On an appeal against a decision on a claim, the Special
Commissioners may vary the decision appealed against whether or
not the variation is to the advantage of all or any of the participators
in the oil field to which the claim relates.
6.- (1) Where the responsible person gives notice of appeal against
a decision on a claim on one or both of the grounds mentioned in
paragraph 5( 1)(a) above and, before the appeal is determined by the
Special Commissioners, the Board and the responsible person agree
on-
( a ) the amount of the expenditure that ought to be allowed
on the claim ; or
( b ) the amount, if any, of the expenditure claimed which ought
to be so allowed as qualifying for supplement under section
2(9)(b) ( ii) of this Act,
the appropriate amount (if any) of the expenditure claimed or, as the
case may be, claimed as so qualifying shall be treated for the
purposes of this Part of this Act as having been allowed by the
Board on the claim, and as having been so allowed on the date
on which the notice of appeal was given.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph the appropriate amount
(if any ) of the expenditure claimed or, as the case may be, claimed as
so qualifying, is an amount thereof equal to the excess, if any, of
the amount so agreed on over the corresponding amount or the total
of the corresponding amounts allowed by the notice or notices
previously given by the Board under paragraph 3 above.
c. 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1043
( 2 ) Where the responsible person gives notice of appeal against
SCH. 5
adecision on a claim on the ground mentioned in paragraph 5( 1)(b)
above and, before the appeal is determined by the Special Com-
missioners, the Board and the responsible person agree on the shares
inwhich the amount of any expenditure allowed on the claim, or so
allowed as qualifying for supplement under section 2( 9)(b)(ii) of this
Act, ought to be divided between the participators for the purposes
of section 2(9)(b) of this Act, the shares so agreed on shall be deemed
to be the shares stated in any notice previously given by the Board
under paragraph 3 above on the claim, and shall apply in the case of
any part of the expenditure claimed, or claimed as so qualifying,
which is by virtue of this or the following paragraph treated as having
been allowed on the claim.
( 3) Where the Board and the responsible person agree on the
matter mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1)(a) , sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) or
sub- paragraph (2) above in the circumstances there mentioned, the
corresponding ground of appeal shall be treated as having been
abandoned ; and where by virtue of this sub-paragraph all the
grounds of the appeal fall to be so treated, the appeal itself shall be
treated as having been abandoned.
7.- ( 1 ) Where on an appeal under paragraph 5 above the Special
Commissioners determine that any amount or part of an amount in
dispute is allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act or qualifies for
supplement under section 2(9)(b) (ii) of this Act, the following
provisions of this paragraph shall apply.
( 2 ) Subject to paragraph 8(2 ) below, the said amount or part shall
be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as having been
allowed on the claim to which the appeal relates, and as having been
so allowed on the date on which the notice of appeal was given.
( 3) There shall be made in any computation made under section 2
of this Act, and in any assessment to tax or determination, all such
adjustments as are necessary in consequence of the determination of
the Special Commissioners.
8.- (1 ) Where-
( a ) a case for the opinion of the court is stated under section 56
of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( as applied by para- 1970 с. 9.
graph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act) in respect of a deter-
mination by the Special Commissioners on an appeal under
paragraph 5 above ; and
( b) in the proceedings on the case so stated, or in any proceed-
ings arising out of those proceedings, any matter which was
determined by the Special Commissioners on that appeal is
finally determined otherwise than in accordance with their
determination on that appeal,
the following provisions of this paragraph shall apply.
( 2 ) Any expenditure allowable under section 3 or 4 of this Act,
which, if the decision of the Board on the claim to which the appeal
under paragraph 5 above related had been in accordance with the
final determination of that matter, would have been allowed by that
1044 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
SCH. 5 decision, or allowed by it as qualifying for supplement under section
2(9)(b)(ii) of this Act, shall be treated for the purposes of this Part
of this Act as having been allowed by the Board on the claim to
the extent that it has not been previously allowed on the claim, and
as having been so allowed to that extent on the date on which the
original notice of appeal was given under paragraph 5 above.
( 3) There shall be made in any computation made under section 2
of this Act and in any assessment to tax or determination all such
adjustments or further adjustments as are necessary in consequence
of the final determination.
( 4 ) Any tax which becomes payable in consequence of any
adjustment made under sub-paragraph (3) above in an assessment
for a chargeable period shall carry interest at the rate of 9 per cent.
per annum from four months after the end of that period to the
date of payment.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this paragraph a matter shall not be deemed
to be finally determined in any such proceedings as are mentioned
in sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) above until a determination thereof made in
any such proceedings can no longer be varied or overruled by the
order of any court.
Sections 3 and 4.
SCHEDULE 6
ALLOWANCE OF EXPENDITURE (OTHER THAN ABORTIVE EXPLORATION
EXPENDITURE) ON CLAIM BY PARTICIPATOR
1.- (1 ) A claim for the allowance of any expenditure allowable
under section 3 or 4 of this Act for an oil field may be made to the
Board under this Schedule by the participator who incurred it (instead
of under Schedule 5 to this Act by the responsible person for that
field ) if the participator satisfies the Board that, for reasons of trade
secrecy, it would be unreasonable for him to have to provide the
responsible person with the information necessary for the making of
a claim under that Schedule.
( 2) A claim by a participator under this Schedule for the allowance
of any such expenditure incurred by him must, subject to the pro-
visions of this Part of this Act, be made in a claim or claims for the
claim period in which the expenditure is incurred, but may not be
made before the determination of the field or more than six years after
the end of the claim period in which the expenditure is incurred.
( 3) A claim by a participator under this Schedule for the allowance
of any such expenditure incurred by him before he became a partici-
pator in the field must be made in a claim for the claim period in
which he became a participator.
2. The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act specified in the first
column of the following Table shall apply in relation to a claim
under this Schedule as they apply in relation to a claim under that
Schedule subject to any modifications specified in the second column
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1045
c. 22
of that Table and with the substitution, for references to the
responsible person, of references to the participator by whom the
claim under this Schedule is made and, for references to section
2(9)(b)( ii) of this Act, of references to section 2( 9) ( c)(ii) of this Act.
TABLE
Provisions applied
Paragraph
2 ( 3 )
Modifications
For the reference to this Schedule substitute a
reference to Schedule 5 to this Act.
2 ( 4 )
Omit paragraph (b) .
2 ( 5 )
2 ( 6 )
3(1 ) Omit paragraph (c) .
4
5 (1 )
Omit paragraph (b) .
5 ( 3 )
5 ( 4 )
For the reference to all or any of the participators
substitute a reference to the participator by
whom the claim is made.
6 (1)
6 ( 3 )
7
8
Omit the reference to paragraph 6( 2) .
SCH. 6
SCHEDULE 7
ALLOWANCE OF ABORTIVE EXPLORATION EXPENDITURE
1 .- (1 ) A claim for the allowance, in connection with an oil field,
of any abortive exploration expenditure allowable under section 5
of this Act in the case of a participator in that field must be made
by the participator to the Board, but may not be made after the
end of the period of six years beginning with the later of the following
dates, that is to say the date on which the expenditure was incurred
and the date of the determination of the field under Schedule 1 to
this Act.
( 2 ) Where a claim under this Schedule has been made and the
participator by whom it was made subsequently discovers that an
error or mistake has been made in the claim, he may make a
supplementary claim within the time allowed for making the original
claim.
( 3) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act specified in the first
column of the following Table shall apply in relation to a claim
under this Schedule as they apply in relation to a claim under that
Schedule, subject to any modifications specified in the second column
ofthat Table and with the substitution, for references to the respon-
sible person, of references to the participator by whom the claim
under this Schedule is made and, for references to section 3 or 4
of this Act, of references to section 5 of this Act.
Section 5.
1046 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c.22
SCH. 7
TABLE
Provisions applied
Paragraph
2 ( 6 )
3(1 )
5 ( 1)
..
.. ..
.. ..
..
Modifications
5 ( 3 )
5( 4 )
..
..
6 (1)
6 ( 3 )
..
7 ..
8 ..
..
-
Omit paragraphs (b) and (c) .
Omit the words from " or the amount ” to
" (1)( b) of that paragraph " and paragraph
( b ) .
..
..
For the reference to all or any of the participa-
tors substitute a reference to the participator
by whom the claim is made.
..
For " one or both of the grounds " substitute
" the ground ", and omit paragraph (b) and
the words " or, as the case may be, claimed
as so qualifying " ( wherever occurring) .
..
Omit" sub- paragraph (1) ( b) or sub-paragraph
( 2 )", and for the words from " the corres-
ponding " to " itself " substitute "the
appeal".
..
In sub- paragraph (1), omit the words from
or qualifies " to " 2(9)(b)(ii) of this Act ".66
In sub- paragraph ( 2 ), omit the words from
66 or allowed by it " to " section 2( 9)(b)(ii)
of this Act ".
Section 6.
SCHEDULE 8
ALLOWANCE OF UNRELIEVABLE FIELD LOSS
Reference and determination of question of abandonment
of oil field
1. Where it appears to the responsible person for an oil field that
the winning of oil from the field has permanently ceased he may by
notice in writing given to the Board refer to them for their decision
the question whether the winning of oil from that field has
permanently ceased.
2.- (1 ) The Board shall, by notice in writing given to the respon-
sible person, inform him of their decision on the question and, if
their decision is that the winning of oil has so ceased, shall state the
date which they are satisfied is that on which the winning of oil from
the field in question ceased .
( 2) The responsible person shall, within one month of his receiving
a notice under sub-paragraph ( 1) above informing him of the Board's
decision, furnish a copy of that notice to every person who was at
any time a participator in the field in question.
3.- (1) The responsible person may appeal to the Special Com-
missioners against the Board's decision by notice in writing given to
the Board within three months of his receiving the notice under
paragraph 2( 1) above informing him thereof.
c . 22
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1047
( 2 ) An appeal under sub- paragraph (1 ) above may at any time be
abandoned by notice in writing given to the Board by the
responsible person.
Claims by participators for allowance of unrelievable field losses
4.- (1) A claim for the allowance, in connection with an oil
field, of any unrelievable field loss allowable under section 6 of
this Act in the case of a participator in that field must be made
by the participator to the Board and must be made within six years
of the later of the following dates, that is to say the date of the
decision ( whether of the Board or on appeal from the Board) that
the winning of oil from the oilfield in the case of which the
loss accrued has permanently ceased, and the date of the deter-
mination under Schedule 1 to this Act of the last-mentioned field.
(2 ) Where a claim under this Schedule has been made and the
participator by whom it was made subsequently discovers that an
error or mistake has been made in the claim, he may make a sup-
plementary claim within the time allowed for making the original
claim.
( 3) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act specified in the first
column of the Table set out in paragraph 1( 3) of Schedule 7 to this
Act shall apply in relation to a claim under this Schedule as they
apply in relation to a claim under the said Schedule 5, subject to
any modifications specified in the second column of that Table and
with the substitution, for references to the responsible person, of
references to the participator by whom the claim under this Schedule
is made, for references to the claiming or allowance of expenditure,
of references to the claiming or allowance of an unrelievable field
loss and, for references to section 3 or 4 of this Act, of references
to section 6 of this Act.
SCH. 8
SCHEDULE 9
EXTENSION OF SECTION 485 OF TAXES ACT IN RELATION TO
PETROLEUM COMPANIES
Definition of petroleum company
1. For the purposes of this Schedule a company is a petroleum
company if-
(a ) its activities include those specified in any of sub- paragraphs
( a ) to (e) of paragraph 2below ; or
( b ) it is associated with a company whose activities include
those specified in any of those sub-paragraphs and its own
activities include those specified in sub- paragraph ( f ) of
paragraph 2 below .
2. The activities referred to in paragraph 1 above are-
( a ) the acquisition or disposal of petroleum or of rights to ac-
quire or dispose of petroleum ;
Section 20.
1048 Oil Taxation Act 1975
c. 22
SCH. 9
1962 с. 58.
1973 с. 51 .
( b) the importation into or exportation from the United King-
dom of petroleum products or the acquisition or disposal
of rights to such importation or exportation ;
( c) the acquisition otherwise than for importation into the United
Kingdom of petroleum products outside the United Kingdom
or the disposal outside the United Kingdom of petroleum
products not exported from the United Kingdom by the
company making the disposal ;
( d ) the refining or processing of crude petroleum ;
( e ) the extraction of petroleum, either under rights authorising
it or under contractual or other arrangements with persons
by whom such rights are exercisable ; and
( f ) the ownership, operation or management of ships or pipe-
lines ( as defined in section 65 of the Pipe-lines Act 1962)
used for transporting or conveying petroleum or petroleum
products.
Petroleum company as resident buyer or resident seller
3.(1) The application to a transaction of subsection (1) or ( 2 )
of section 485 of the Taxes Act shall not be excluded by the proviso
thereto (resident buyer or resident seller ) if-
( a ) either party to the transaction is a petroleum company or
both are petroleum companies ; and
( b) the activities of either or both are or include activities with
respect to which the conditions stated in sub-paragraph
( 2)(a) or (2)(b) below are satisfied ; and
(c) the transaction is part of such activities or is connected with
them.
( 2 ) The conditions referred to in sub- paragraph (1) above are-
( a ) that profits from the activities are or would be chargeable
to overseas tax for which credit could be given under sec-
tion 498 of the Taxes Act or in pursuance of arrangements
having effect by virtue of section 497 of that Act ; and
(b ) that the activities are exploration or exploitation activities
within the meaning of section 38 of the Finance Act 1973
4. Where both the buyer and the seller are resident in the United
Kingdom and the Board, in pursuance of the preceding paragraphs,
direct that subsection ( 1) or subsection (2) of section 485 of the
Taxes Act is to apply to the computation of the income, profits
or losses of the one, the direction may extend the application of that
subsection to the computation of the income, profits or losses of
the other, and where it does so adjustments shall be made under
subsection (3) of that section accordingly.
Modification of section 485 of Taxes Act in relation
to certain sales to or by petroleum companies .
5. Where any property is sold and either the buyer or the seller
is a petroleum company or both are petroleum companies, then if-
( a ) the sale is part of a transaction or series of transactions
( whether or not between the same persons ) and its terms
are affected by those of the remainder of the transaction
or transactions ; or
Oil Taxation Act 1975 1049
c. 22
( b ) what is sold is petroleum extracted under rights exercisable
by a company other than the buyer, and not less than 20
per cent . of that company's ordinary share capital was
at the time of the sale owned directly or indirectly by one
or more of the following, that is to say the buyer and any
companies associated with the buyer,
section 485 of the Taxes Act shall apply in relation to the sale as if
in both subsection (1) and subsection ( 2) of that section paragraph ( a )
were omitted.
SCH. 9
Determination of arm's length price
6.- (1 ) Where a petroleum company was a party to a sale of
property, then, in determining for the purposes of section 485 of
the Taxes Act what price the property might have been expected
to fetch had the parties to the transaction been independent persons
dealing at arm's length and what consequences would have ensued
in computing the income, profits or losses of the seller or the buyer
for tax purposes if the property had been sold for that price, it
shall be assumed-
( a ) that the terms of the transaction would have been such as
might have been expected to secure both to the buyer and
to the seller a reasonable profit from transactions of the
same kind carried out on similar terms over a reasonable
period ; and
( b ) that the seller would not have been compelled by law or by
executive action of any government to demand a price fixed
by law or such action or a price not less than one so fixed ;
and
( c ) that, if the transaction was part of a transaction or series
of transactions (whether or not between the same
persons ), its terms would not have been affected by those
of the remainder of the transaction or transactions ; and
( d ) in a case where the whole of the property sold is not delivered
by the seller within twelve months after the date of the
sale-
(i ) that such part of the property as is delivered within
that time would have fetched a price equal to that which
it might have been expected to fetch if sold under a
contract for the sale of that part and of no other property,
being a contract made at the date of the sale; and
(ii ) that such part of the property not so delivered as
is delivered in any calendar month would have fetched a
price equal to that which it might have been expected
to fetch if sold under a contract for the sale of that
part and of no other property, being a contract made at
the material time in that month ;
and no regard shall be had to the terms of similar transactions which
were capable of being varied.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " material time " and " calendar month "
have the meaning given by paragraph 3(2) of Schedule 3 to this Act.
Part II C
c.22
1050 Oil Taxation Act 1975
SCH. 9 Supplementary
7 .- (1) In this Schedule-
" petroleum " includes any mineral oil or relative hydrocarbon,
and, except in the expression " crude petroleum ", includes
natural gas ;
"petroleum products " means products derived from petroleum
and wholly or substantially of a hydrocarbon nature.
( 2) For the purposes of this Schedule-
( a ) two companies are associated with one another if one is
under the control of the other or both are under the
control of the same person or persons , and " control " has
the meaning given by section 534 of the Taxes Act ;
( b) any question whether ordinary share capital is owned by a
company directly or indirectly shall be determined as for
the purposes of section 532 of the Taxes Act ;
( c ) rights are exercisable by a company if they are exercisable
by that company alone or jointly with another company
or companies ;
(d ) subsection (6 ) of section 485 of the Taxes Act (which extends
the provisions of that section to transactions which are not
sales) shall apply for the purposes of this Schedule except
those of paragraph 5(b) .
c. 23 1051
SINOH
DIEU ET

MON DROIT
Reservoirs Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 23
An Act to make further provision against escapes of water
from large reservoirs or from lakes or lochs artificially
created or enlarged. [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Operation of Act, and administration
1.- (1 ) For purposes of this Act " reservoir " means a reservoir Ambit of Act,
for water as such (and accordingly does not include a mine and
or quarry lagoon which is a tip within the meaning of the interpretation.
Mines and Quarries ( Tips) Act 1969) ; and
1969 с. 10.
( a ) a reservoir is a " raised reservoir " if it is designed to
hold, or capable of holding, water above the natural
level of any part of the land adjoining the reservoir ;
and
66
(b) a raised reservoir is a large raised reservoir " if it
is designed to hold, or capable of holding, more than
25,000 cubic metres of water above that level.
For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the
expression " reservoir " does not include a canal or inland
navigation (but this Act applies to a reservoir notwithstanding
that it may form part of a watercourse or be used for navigation) .
( 2) The provision made by this Act in relation to reservoirs
shall, unless otherwise stated, extend to any place where water
is artificially retained to form or enlarge a lake or loch, whether
or not use is or is intended to be made of the water, and
references in this Act to a reservoir shall be construed
accordingly.
C2
1052 Reservoirs Act 1975
c . 23
( 3) The provision made by this Act in relation to large raised
reservoirs extends as well to those constructed under statutory
powers as to those not so constructed.
( 4 ) In relation to any reservoir " undertakers " means for pur-
poses of this Act-
( a) in the case of a reservoir that is or, when constructed, is
to be managed and operated by a water authority, that
authority ; and
( b) in any other case-
( i ) if the reservoir is used or intended to be used
for the purposes of any undertaking, the persons
for the time being carrying on that undertaking ; or
(ii) if the reservoir is not so used or intended to be
used, the owners or lessees of the reservoir.
(5) This Act shall not be taken as conferring on any person
a claim to damages in respect of a breach by undertakers of
their obligations under this Act.
( 6) The expressions listed in column 1 of Schedule 1 to this
Act have for purposes of this Act the meanings given them by
the provisions of this Act shown in column 2 of the Schedule.
Registration oflarge raised
2.- (1) The local authorities for purposes of this Act shall be,
in England and Wales, the Greater London Council and county
reservoirs, and councils and, in Scotland, regional and islands councils.
enforcement
( 2) It shall be the duty of each local authority to establish and
ofAct,
by local
maintain for their area a register showing the large raised
authorities,
reservoirs situated wholly or partly in the area, and giving the
prescribed information about each of them ; and-
( a) the register maintained by a local authority under this
subsection and copies of it or a prescribed part of it
shall be kept at such place or places as may be
prescribed ; and
(b) the register so maintained, and any copy required under
sub-paragraph (a) above to be kept at any place, shall
be available for inspection at all reasonable times by
any person.
( 3) It shall be for the local authority in whose area a reservoir
is situated, if they are not themselves the undertakers, to secure
that the undertakers observe and comply with the requirements
of this Act.
( 4 ) Where a reservoir extends into the areas of more than one
local authority, then unless one of those authorities are the
undertakers, the authority charged under subsection (3) above
with securing that the undertakers observe and comply with the
c. 23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1053
requirements of this Act shall be such one of those authorities as
may be agreed between them or, in default of agreement, may
be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 5 ) Where a reservoir extends into the areas of more than
one local authority, and one of those authorities are the under-
takers, subsections (3) and (4 ) above shall apply as if the reser-
voir did not extend into the area of that one of the authorities .
(6) For purposes of this Act " enforcement authority " means,
in relation to a reservoir, the local authority charged under
subsection (3) above with securing that the undertakers observe
and comply with the requirements of this Act (and, where the
context so requires, includes the authority that would be so
charged if the reservoir were a large raised reservoir) ; and
accordingly the provisions of this Act relating to the enforce-
ment authority for a reservoir do not apply in the case of a
reservoir if a local authority are the undertakers and the reser-
voir is situated wholly in the area of that authority.
( 7 ) There shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament
any increase attributable to this Act in the amounts so payable
under any enactment by way of rate support grant.
3.- ( 1 ) Each local authority shall, at such intervals as may Reports
be prescribed, make to the Secretary of State a report giving such by local
information as may be prescribed as to the steps taken by them authorities
as enforcement authority to secure that undertakers observe and to, and supervisory
comply with the requirements of this Act or as to the steps powers of ,
taken by them to observe and comply with those requirements as Secretary
undertakers for any reservoir situated wholly in their area.
ofState.
( 2) If it appears to the Secretary of State that he should do so,
the Secretary of State may cause an inquiry to be held into the
question whether a local authority have failed to perform any
of their functions as such under this Act in a case where they
ought to have performed them.
( 3) If, after an inquiry under subsection ( 2) above or without
such an inquiry, the Secretary of State is satisfied that a local
authority have failed to perform any of their functions as such
under this Act in a case where they ought to have performed
them, the Secretary of State may make an order declaring the
authority to be in default ; and the order may, for the purpose of
remedying the default, direct the authority to perform such of
their functions as may be specified in the order, and may specify
the manner in which, and the time or times within which, those
functions are to be performed.
( 4 ) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by
a further order of the Secretary of State.
C3
1054 Reservoirs Act 1975
c. 23
Qualification of engineers. ( 5) In Scotland, if the authority declared to be in default by
an order under this section fail to comply with any requirement
thereof within the time limited thereby for compliance with that
requirement, the Court of Session may, on the application of the
Lord Advocate on behalf of the Secretary of State, order specific
performance of the functions in respect of which there has been
default, and do otherwise as to the court appears to be just.
4 .- (1 ) There shall be a panel of civil engineers for the
purposes of this Act, or such number of different panels for
different purposes of this Act or for different classes of reservoir
as, after consultation, the Secretary of State may from time to
time determine ; and any reference in this Act to a qualified
civil engineer is a reference to a civil engineer who is a member
of the panel constituted under this section or, if there are for
the time being more than one such panel, a member of the
appropriate panel.
( 2) Any civil engineer may apply in the prescribed manner to
be placed on any panel ; and if the application is accompanied
by the prescribed fee (if any ), and the Secretary of State is
satisfied after consultation that the applicant is qualified and fit
to be placed on that panel, the Secretary of State shall appoint
him to be a member of the panel .
( 3) Any appointment under subsection ( 2 ) above shall be for
a term of five years ; but an engineer whose appointment expires
may be re -appointed under that subsection for a further term.
( 4 ) Any appointment to a panel shall also lapse on the
abolition or alteration of that panel ; but-
(a) before abolishing or altering any panel the Secretary
of State shall give to the engineers for the time being
on the panel such notice as he considers reasonable
to allow them to apply for appointment to
any other panel constituted or to be constituted wholly
or partly for the same purposes ; and
( b) subject to subsection ( 5) below, a person who is
appointed to act for any purpose of this Act (otherwise
than as supervising engineer) at a time when he is
a qualified civil engineer for that purpose may, on
ceasing under this subsection to be a member of the
appropriate panel, continue for not more than four
years to act by virtue of that appointment and shall
be for the purpose a qualified civil engineer.
(5) The Secretary of State may remove an engineer from any
panel, or direct that he shall no longer be qualified to act by
virtue of subsection (4) ( b) above, if the Secretary of State is
satisfied after consultation that the engineer is not fit to remain
on the panel or not fit so to act.
c .23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1055
( 6 ) References in this section to consultation by the Secretary
of State are references to consultation with the President of the
Institution of Civil Engineers or, if that institution appoint
a committee for the relevant purpose, with that committee.
( 7) The Secretary of State may reimburse to the Institution of
Civil Engineers any expenses incurred by the Institution for
purposes of this section.
( 8) Any expenses of the Secretary of State under this section
shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament ; and
any fees received by the Secretary of State under subsection (2)
above shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 9) If at any time the Institution of Civil Engineers ceases
to exist references in this section to that institution or its Presi-
dent shall have effect as references to the prescribed institution
or head of the prescribed institution.
5. The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make Power to
regulations for prescribing anything which is under this Act to prescribe by
be prescribed (and in this Act " prescribed وو
means prescribed regulations.
by regulations so made).
New, enlarged and restored reservoirs
6.- ( 1 ) No large raised reservoir shall be constructed (whether Construction
as a new reservoir or by the alteration of an existing reservoir or enlarge-
that is not a large raised reservoir) or shall be altered so as to ment of
increase its capacity, unless a qualified civil engineer (" the
reservoirs.
construction engineer ") is employed to design and supervise the
construction or alteration ; and where the use of a reservoir as a
reservoir has been abandoned, and the reservoir is to be brought
back into use after being altered so as to increase its capacity,
that shall be treated for purposes of this Act as the construction
of a new reservoir.
(2) Where a large raised reservoir is constructed as a new
reservoir, it shall not be used for the storage of water, or be
filled wholly or partially with water, otherwise than in accord-
ance with the certificate of the construction engineer responsible
for its construction (or, in the event of any alteration to it, in
accordance with subsection ( 4 ) below) .
( 3) Where a large raised reservoir is constructed by the altera-
tion of an existing reservoir that is not a large raised reservoir,
the addition to the reservoir shall not be used for the storage of
water, or be filled wholly or partially with water, otherwise than
in accordance with the certificate of the construction engineer
responsible for the construction of the reservoir (or, in the event
of any alteration to it, in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) below).
C4
1056 Reservoirs Act 1975
с. 23
Certificates of
construction
engineers.
( 4 ) Where a large raised reservoir is altered so as to increase
its capacity, then from the time when the construction engineer
responsible for the alteration gives any certificate for the
reservoir, the reservoir shall not be used for the storage of water,
or be filled wholly or partially with water, otherwise than in
accordance with the certificate of that construction engineer ( or,
in the event of any further alteration to it , in accordance with
this subsection as it applies on that alteration ) .
( 5 ) Where the construction or alteration of a reservoir is by
this section required to be supervised by a construction engineer,
the reservoir shall be under the supervision of the construction
engineer until he gives his final certificate for the reservoir.
( 6) References in this Act to an addition to a reservoir refer
to that part of the reservoir which, as a result of alterations to
the reservoir, provides or will provide additional capacity.
7.- (1) As soon as the construction engineer responsible for
any reservoir or addition to a reservoir considers that the con-
struction of the reservoir or addition has reached a stage at which
the reservoir or addition can properly be filled wholly or partially
with water, he shall give a certificate ( " the preliminary certifi-
cate ") specifying the level up to which it may be filled and
the conditions (if any ) subject to which it may be so filled ; and
the construction engineer may from time to time supersede a
preliminary certificate by the issue of a further preliminary
certificate varying the previous certificate, whether as to water
level or as to conditions .
( 2) Where the construction engineer responsible for an addi-
tion to a large raised reservoir considers at any time during the
carrying out of the alteration to the reservoir that the reservoir
ought not to be filled with water up to the level or subject to the
conditions that would be lawful apart from this subsection, he
may give a certificate ( " an interim certificate ") specifying the
level up to which it may be filled until the issue of a preliminary
certificate, and the conditions (if any) subject to which it may be
so filled ; and the construction engineer may from time to time
supersede an interim certificate by the issue of a further interim
certificate varying the previous certificate, whether as to water
level or as to conditions.
(3) If, at the end of three years after a preliminary certificate
is first issued for a reservoir or addition to a reservoir or at
any time thereafter, the construction engineer is satisfied that
the reservoir or, as the case may be, the reservoir with the addi-
tion is sound and satisfactory and may safely be used for the
storage of water, he shall give a certificate ( " the final certifi-
cate ") to that effect, and the final certificate shall specify the
c. 23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1057
level up to which water may be stored and the conditions (if any)
subject to which it may be so stored.
( 4 ) If at the end of five years after a preliminary certificate
is first issued for a reservoir or addition to a reservoir the
construction engineer has not issued his final certificate, he shall
give the undertakers a written explanation of his reasons for
deferring the issue of the final certificate.
( 5) The construction engineer giving a final certificate for a
reservoir shall consider the matters (if any ) that need to be
watched by a supervising engineer during the period before
there is an inspection of the reservoir under this Act, and shall
include in an annex to the certificate a note of any such
matters.
( 6 ) The construction engineer for any reservoir or addition
to a reservoir shall also, as soon as practicable after the com-
pletion of the works and in any event not later than the giving
ofthe final certificate, give a certificate that the works have been
efficiently executed in accordance with the drawings and descrip-
tions annexed to the certificate, and shall annex to the certificate
detailed drawings and descriptions giving full information of
the works actually constructed, including dimensions and levels
and details of the geological strata or deposits encountered in
trial holes or excavations made in connection with the works.
(7) References in this Act to a final certificate or to a certificate
under subsection (6) above include the annex to the certificate,
where there is one.
8.-(1 ) Where it appears to the enforcement authority either- Powers of
enforcement
(a) that a large raised reservoir is being constructed authority in
( whether as a new reservoir or by the alteration of an event of non-
existing reservoir that is not a large raised reservoir) compliance
or is being altered so as to increase its capacity ; or with
requirements
(b) that, a large raised reservoir having been so constructed as to
or altered, no final certificate has yet been given for construction
the reservoir on the construction or alteration, as the or enlargement
case may be ;
of reservoirs.but that no qualified civil engineer is responsible for the reservoir
or addition as construction engineer, the authority may by
written notice served on the undertakers require them within
twenty eight days after the date when the notice is served to
appoint a qualified civil engineer for the purposes of this section,
unless an appointment has already been made, and (in either
case) to notify the authority of the appointment.
( 2) An engineer appointed for the purposes of this section shall
be appointed to inspect the reservoir and make a report on the
с .23
1058 Reservoirs Act 1975
construction or alteration, and to supervise the reservoir until
he gives a final certificate for the reservoir under this section.
(3) An engineer acting under this section shall include in his
report any recommendations he sees fit to make as to measures
to be taken in the interests of safety ; and, subject to any
reference of the matter to a referee in accordance with this Act,
the undertakers shall carry any such recommendation into effect.
( 4) Except as provided by subsections (5 ) and (6) below,
an engineer acting under this section shall have the same powers
and duties in relation to the giving of preliminary certificates,
interim certificates and final certificates as if he were the con-
struction engineer responsible for the reservoir or, as the case
may be, the addition to it ; and certificates under this subsection
shall have effect for purposes of this Act as if they were
certificates of a construction engineer.
( 5) A final certificate under this section may be given less
than three years after the first issue of a preliminary certificate,
or without the previous issue of a preliminary certificate, if the
engineer is satisfied that the reservoir or addition has for a
period of three years or more been filled with water up to the
level that is specified in the preliminary certificate or, if no
preliminary certificate has been issued, up to the level that is
specified in the final certificate, and that the reservoir or, as the
case may be, the reservoir with the addition is sound and
satisfactory and may safely be used for the storage of water.
(6) A final certificate under this section, other than one given
by virtue of subsection ( 5) above, shall not be required to
state that the engineer is satisfied the reservoir or, as the case
may be, the reservoir with the addition is sound and satis-
factory ; but, if it does not do so and the engineer's report
includes any recommendations as to measures to be taken in the
interests of safety, the certificate shall instead state that those
recommendations have been carried into effect.
(7) In addition to certificates under subsection ( 4) above, an
engineer acting under this section shall, as soon as practicable
after the completion of the works and in any event not later
than the giving of the final certificate, give a certificate that ,
so far as he has been able to ascertain, the works have been
efficiently executed in accordance with the drawings and des-
criptions annexed to the certificate, and shall annex to the certifi-
cate detailed drawings and descriptions giving such information
as he can of the works actually constructed, including dimensions
and levels and details of the geological strata or deposits en-
countered in trial holes or excavations made in connection with
the works.
Reservoirs Act 1975 1059
c. 23
( 8) References in this Act to a final certificate under this
section or to a certificate under subsection (7) above include
the annex to the certificate, where there is one.
9.-( 1 ) Where the use of a large raised reservoir as a Re-use of
reservoir has been abandoned (whether before or after the com- abandoned
mencement of this Act ), the reservoir shall not again be used reservoirs.
as a reservoir unless a qualified civil engineer has been employed
to inspect the reservoir and make a report on it, and to supervise
the reservoir until he gives a final certificate for the reservoir
under this section .
( 2) Where a large raised reservoir is brought back into use
as a reservoir after that use had been abandoned, it shall not
be used for the storage of water, or be filled wholly or partially
with water, otherwise than in accordance with the certificate
of the engineer acting under this section (unless, on a sub-
sequent alteration to it, section 6(4) above applies).
( 3) An engineer acting under this section shall include in his
report any recommendations he sees fit to make as to measures
to be taken in the interests of safety ; and, subject to any reference
of the matter to a referee in accordance with this Act, the
reservoir shall not be used as such if any such recommendation
has not been carried into effect.
( 4 ) Except as provided by subsection ( 5 ) below, an engineer
acting under this section shall have the same powers and duties
in relation to the giving of preliminary certificates and final
certificates as if he were the construction engineer responsible on
the construction of the reservoir ; and certificates under this sub-
section shall have effect for purposes of this Act as if they were
certificates of a construction engineer.
(5) A final certificate under this section shall not be required
to state that the engineer is satisfied that the reservoir is sound
and satisfactory ; but , if it does not do so and the engineer's
report includes any recommendations as to measures to be taken
in the interests of safety, the certificate shall instead state that
those recommendations have been carried into effect.
( 6 ) Nothing in this section shall apply in relation to a
reservoir, if before it is brought back into use, either—
(a ) it is altered in such manner as is to be treated for
purposes of this Act as the construction of a new
reservoir ; or
( b) it is altered under the supervision of a qualified civil
engineer so as not to be a large raised reservoir when
brought back into use.
1060 Reservoirs Act 1975
с . 23
Periodical
inspection
oflarge
raised
reservoirs.
(7) Where it appears to the enforcement authority-
( a) that a large raised reservoir has been brought back into
use as a reservoir after that use had been abandoned
but that a report has not been obtained as required by
this section ; or
( b) that a report obtained under this section on a reservoir
includes a recommendation as to measures to be taken
in the interests of safety that has not been carried into
effect as required by this section ;
the authority may by written notice served on the undertakers
require them within twenty- eight days after the date when the
notice is served to appoint a qualified civil engineer for the
purposes of this section, unless an appointment has already been
made, and (in either case) to notify the authority of the appoint-
ment or, as the case may be, require them to carry the recom-
mendation into effect within a time specified in the notice.
(8) Where an enforcement authority propose to serve a
notice under subsection (7) above requiring undertakers to carry
a recommendation into effect, the authority shall consult as to
the time to be specified in the notice a civil engineer, being a
qualified civil engineer for the purpose of inspecting and super-
vising the reservoir under this section .
Inspections
10.- ( 1) The undertakers shall have any large raised reservoir
inspected from time to time by an independent qualified civil
engineer ( " the inspecting engineer ") and obtain from him a
report of the result of his inspection.
( 2) Unless it is at the time under the supervision of a con-
struction engineer (or of an engineer acting under section 8 or
9 above) a large raised reservoir shall be inspected under this
section-
( a ) within two years at most from the date of any final
certificate for the reservoir given by the construction
engineer responsible for the construction of the reser-
voir or for any alteration to it ;
(b) as soon as practicable after the carrying out of any
alterations to the reservoir which do not increase its
capacity but are such as might affect its safety and
which have not been designed and supervised by a
qualified civil engineer ;
( c) at any time when the supervising engineer so recom-
mends ;
( d ) within ten years at most from the last inspection or within
any less interval that may have been recommended
in the report of the inspecting engineer on the last
inspection .
Reservoirs Act 1975 1061
c. 23
( 3) As soon as practicable after an inspection under this
section, the inspecting engineer shall make a report of the result
of the inspection, including in it any recommendations he sees
fit to make as to the time of the next inspection, or as to
measures that should be taken in the interests of safety.
( 4 ) An inspecting engineer shall consider the matters ( if any)
that need to be watched by the supervising engineer during the
period before the next inspection of the reservoir under this
section, and shall include in his report a note of any such
matters.
( 5) An inspecting engineer, when he makes his report, shall
also give a certificate stating that the report does or does not
include recommendations as to measures to be taken in the
interests of safety and, if it includes a recommendation as to
the time of the next inspection, stating also the period within
which he recommends the inspection should be made.
(6) Where an inspecting engineer includes in his report any
recommendation as to measures to be taken in the interests of
safety, then subject to any reference of the matter to a referee
in accordance with this Act the undertakers shall as soon as
practicable carry the recommendation into effect under the super-
vision of a qualified civil engineer ; and that engineer shall give
a certificate, as soon as he is satisfied it is so, that the recom-
mendation has been carried into effect.
( 7 ) Where it appears to the enforcement authority, in the case
of any large raised reservoir, —
( a ) that an inspection and report thereon have not been
made as required by this section ; or
( b) that the latest report of the inspecting engineer includes
a recommendation as to measures to be taken in the
interests of safety that has not been carried into effect
as so required ;
the authority may by written notice served on the undertakers
require them within twenty- eight days after the date when the
notice is served to appoint an independent qualified civil engineer
to carry out an inspection under this section, unless an appoint-
ment has already been made, and (in either case ) to notify the
authority of the appointment or, as the case may be, require
them to carry the recommendation into effect within a time
specified in the notice.
( 8) Where an enforcement authority propose to serve a
notice under subsection (7) above requiring the undertakers to
carry a recommendation into effect, the authority shall consult
as to the time to be specified in the notice a civil engineer, being
1062 Reservoirs Act 1975
c. 23
Recording
ofwater
levels etc.
Supervision
oflarge
raised
reservoirs.
a qualified civil engineer for the purpose of supervising under
subsection (6) above the carrying into effect of the recommenda-
tion.
( 9) For purposes of this Act " independent " when used of a
civil engineer in relation to a reservoir means
( a) that he is not in the employment of the undertakers
otherwise than in a consultant capacity ; and
( b) that he was not the engineer responsible for the reser-
voir or any addition to it as construction engineer, nor
is connected with any such engineer as his partner,
employer, employee or fellow employee in a civil
engineering business .
The reference in this subsection to a construction engineer in-
cludes an engineer acting under section 8 or 9 above.
Monitoring and supervision
11.-( 1 ) For every large raised reservoir the undertakers shall
keep a record in the prescribed form of-
(a) water levels and depth of water, including the flow of
water over the waste weir or overflow ;
( b) leakages, settlements of walls or other works, and
repairs ;
( c ) such other matters as may be prescribed ;
and shall install and maintain such instruments as may be needed
to provide the information to be recorded.
(2 ) The record to be kept for a reservoir under this section
shall give such information as may be prescribed of any of the
matters to be included in the record, and shall give it at such
intervals and in such manner as may from time to time be
required by any directions of the construction engineer or
inspecting engineer.
12.- ( 1) At all times when a large raised reservoir is not
under the supervision of a construction engineer, a qualified
civil engineer ( " the supervising engineer ") shall be employed to
supervise the reservoir and keep the undertakers advised of its
behaviour in any respect that might affect safety, and to watch
that the provisions of section 6(2) to ( 4) or section 9(2) above
and of section 11 are observed and complied with and draw the
attention of the undertakers to any breach of those provisions.
( 2) It shall be the duty of the supervising engineer, so long as
any matters are noted as matters that need to be watched by
him in any annex to the final certificate for the reservoir or in
the latest report of an inspecting engineer, to pay attention in
particular to those matters and to give the undertakers not less
Reservoirs Act 1975 1063
c .23
often than once a year a written statement of the action he has
takento do so.
( 3) The supervising engineer shall recommend to the under-
takers that the reservoir be inspected under section 10 above, if
at any time he thinks that such an inspection is called for.
( 4) Where it appears to the enforcement authority that a large
raised reservoir is not for the time being under the supervision
either of a construction engineer or of a supervising engineer ,
the authority may by written notice served on the undertakers
require them within twenty-eight days after the date the notice
is served to appoint a supervising engineer and to notify the
authority of the appointment or, if the reservoir is at that date
under the supervision of a construction engineer or of a super-
vising engineer, to notify the authority of that fact.
(5) References in this section to a construction engineer include
an engineer acting under section 8 or 9 above.
Discontinuance or abandonment
13.-( 1 ) No large raised reservoir shall be altered in order to Discontinuance
render it incapable of holding more than 25,000 cubic metres of large raised
of water above the natural level of any part of the land adjoin- reservoirs.
ing the reservoir, unless a qualified civil engineer is employed
to design or approve and to supervise the alteration .
( 2 ) An engineer employed for the purposes of subsection (1)
above shall give a certificate, as soon as he is satisfied it
is so, that the alteration has been completed and has been
efficiently executed.
(3) Where a certificate is given under subsection ( 2) above,
a local authority on receipt of the certificate or a copy of it
shall remove the reservoir from their register of large raised
reservoirs ; but a reservoir that has been a large raised reservoir
but is altered so as no longer to be capable of holding more than
25,000 cubic metres of water above the natural level of any part
of the land adjoining the reservoir shall nevertheless continue
for purposes of this Act to be a large raised reservoir, unless the
alteration is made and a certificate given in accordance with
this section.
14.-( 1 ) Where the use of a large raised reservoir as aAbandonment
reservoir is to be abandoned, the undertakers shall obtain from of large raised
a qualified civil engineer a report as to the measures (if any) that reservoirs.
ought to be taken in the interests of safety to secure that the
reservoir is incapable of filling accidentally or naturally with
water above the natural level of any part of the land adjoining
the reservoir or is only capable of doing so to an extent that
does not constitute a risk.
c. 23
1064 Reservoirs Act 1975
Reserve
powers.
( 2) Where the report of an engineer under this section makes
any recommendation as to measures to be taken in the interests
of safety, then subject to any reference of the matter to a referee
in accordance with this Act the undertakers obtaining the report
shall, before the use of the reservoir as a reservoir is abandoned
or as soon as practicable afterwards, carry the recommendation
into effect ; and if the recommendation involves any alteration
of the reservoir, section 13 above shall apply accordingly.
( 3) The engineer from whom a report is obtained under this
section shall give with it a certificate stating that the report
does or does not make recommendations for measures to be
taken in the interests of safety.
( 4) Where it appears to the enforcement authority, in the case
of any large raised reservoir,-
(a ) that the use of the reservoir as a reservoir has been
abandoned but that a report has not been obtained as
required by this section ; or
(b) that a report obtained under this section includes a
recommendation as to measures to be taken in the
interests of safety that has not been carried into effect
as required by this section ;
the authority may by written notice served on the undertakers
require them within twenty- eight days after the date when the
notice is served to appoint a qualified civil engineer to make the
report under this section, unless an appointment has already been
made, and (in either case) to notify the authority of the appoint-
ment or, as the case may be, require them to carry the recom-
mendation into effect within a time specified in the notice.
References in this subsection, and in any other provision of
this Act as it operates in relation thereto, to the enforcement
authority or to the undertakers shall have effect as at the time
when the use of the reservoir as such is abandoned.
(5 ) Where an enforcement authority propose to serve a
notice under subsection ( 4) above requiring undertakers to carry
a recommendation into effect, the authority shall consult as to
the time to be specified in the notice a civil engineer, who, if the
recommendation involves any alteration of the reservoir, shall be
a qualified civil engineer for the purpose of supervising the
alteration under section 13 above.
Additional powers of enforcement authority
15.-( 1 ) Where undertakers are required by a notice from
the enforcement authority under section 8, 9, 10, 12 or 14
above to appoint an engineer for any purpose of this Act, and
the undertakers fail to make the appointment, the authority
may appoint an engineer for that purpose, being a person
c . 23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1065
eligible for appointment by the undertakers ; and, except as
otherwise provided, the provisions of this Act shall apply in
relation to any person appointed under this section and to any-
thing done by him as if he had been duly appointed by the
undertakers.
( 2) Where undertakers are required by a notice from the
enforcement authority under section 9, 10 or 14 above to carry
into effect any recommendation as to measures to be taken in the
interests of safety, and the undertakers fail to comply with that
requirement, the authority may cause the recommendation to
be carried into effect under the supervision of a qualified civil
engineer appointed by them, who shall give a certificate, as soon
as he is satisfied that it is so, that the recommendation has been
carried into effect.
(3) An appointment made under subsection (1) above for any
purpose of this Act shall be of no effect , if before it is made
the undertakers have appointed for that purpose an engineer
eligible to be so appointed ; and an appointment under that
subsection of a supervising engineer shall terminate when an
appointment of a supervising engineer duly made by the under-
takers takes effect.
( 4) Without prejudice to section 233 of the Local Government
Act 1972 or section 192 of the Local Government (Scotland) 1972 c.70.
Act 1973, where the enforcement authority are unable after 1973 с.63 .
reasonable enquiry to ascertain the name or address of the under-
takers for any large raised reservoir, then for purposes of this
section a notice relating to the reservoir shall be deemed to have
been duly served on the undertakers if it has been left in the
hands of a person who is or appears to be resident or employed
at the reservoir or if it has been left conspicuously affixed to
some building or object at the reservoir.
( 5) Where an enforcement authority make any appointment
under subsection ( 1 ) above or exercise powers conferred by
subsection (2) , the undertakers shall pay them the amount of
the expenses reasonably incurred by them by reason of the
appointment or , as the case may be , in the exercise of those
powers.
16.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the enforcement authority, in Emergency
the case of any large raised reservoir, that the reservoir is unsafe powers.
and that immediate action is needed to protect persons or
property against an escape of water from the reservoir, they
may take at the reservoir such measures as they consider proper
to remove or reduce the risk or to mitigate the effects of an
escape.
( 2) Where it appears to the enforcement authority, in the case
of any large raised reservoir, that the use of the reservoir as a
1066 Reservoirs Act 1975
c . 23
Powers of
entry.
reservoir has been abandoned, but that there may from time to
time be an undue accumulation of water there and immediate
action is needed to protect persons or property against an escape
of water, they may take there such measures as they consider
proper to remove or reduce the risk or to mitigate the effects of
an escape.
( 3) An enforcement authority proposing to exercise the powers
conferred by this section shall appoint a qualified civil engineer
to make recommendations as to the measures to be taken in
the exercise of those powers ; and any measures so taken shall
be carried into effect under the supervision of a qualified civil
engineer appointed by the authority.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5) below, an enforcement authority
exercising or proposing to exercise at a reservoir the powers
conferred by this section shall, as early as practicable, serve on
the undertakers a notice giving full information of the measures
that are being or are to be taken in the exercise of those powers ;
and if that notice cannot be given before the work is begun, the
authority shall notify the undertakers as early as practicable of
the beginning of the work.
( 5) Subsection (4) above shall not require an enforcement
authority to serve any notice on the undertakers after work is
begun at the reservoir, if the authority are unable after reason-
able enquiry to ascertain the name or address of the undertakers ;
and in relation to notices served before work is begun section
15( 4) above shall apply for purposes of this section as it applies
for the purposes of that.
( 6) Where an enforcement authority exercise the powers
conferred by this section, the undertakers shall pay them the
amount of the expenses reasonably incurred by them in the
exercise of those powers .
( 7) For purposes of subsection (2) above references in this
section, and in any other provision of this Act as it operates
in relation thereto, to the enforcement authority or to the under-
takers shall have effect as at the time when the use of the
reservoir as such is abandoned.
17.-(1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section a
person duly authorised in writing by an enforcement authority
may at any reasonable time enter upon the land on which a
reservoir is situated-
( a) for the purpose of carrying out any survey or other
operation needed to determine whether the reservoir
is a large raised reservoir or is being constructed or
altered so as to be one, whether the reservoir being a
large raised reservoir is being altered so as to increase
c. 23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1067
its capacity, or whether the reservoir is or is not in
use as a reservoir ;
( b ) for the purpose of carrying out any survey or other
operation needed to determine whether any recom-
mendation as to measures to be taken in the interests
of safety has been carried into effect as required by
section 9, 10 or 14 above or what period should be
specified in a notice under section 9, 10 or 14 requiring
the undertakers to carry such a recommendation into
effect;
( c ) for the purpose of carrying out any inspection of the
reservoir that he has been appointed under section 15 ( 1)
above to carry out, or any survey or other operation
needed for the purpose of a report that he has been
appointed under section 15(1) to make ;
( d ) for any purpose connected with the carrying into effect
under section 15( 2) above of a recommendation as to
measures to be taken in the interests of safety ;
(e ) for the purpose of carrying out any survey or other
operation needed to determine whether any or what
measures should be taken under section 16 above, or
for any purpose connected with the carrying into effect
of any measures taken under that section.
( 2) Where the entry is for a purpose within subsection ( 1 ) (e)
above, the power to enter upon the land on which a reservoir
is situated shall extend also to any neighbouring land.
(3) Where the use of a large raised reservoir as a reservoir
is abandoned, subsection ( 1) above (so far as material) shall
continue to apply in relation to the site of the reservoir as land
on which a reservoir is situated ; and for this purpose references
in subsection (1), and in any other provision of this Act as it
operates in relation thereto, to the enforcement authority or
to the undertakers shall have effect as at the time when the use
of the reservoir as such is abandoned.
( 4) Except for a purpose within subsection ( 1)(e) above, a
person may not under this section demand admission as of
right to any land that is occupied, unless at least seven days'
notice in writing of the intended entry has been given to the
occupier or the entry is authorised by a warrant granted under
subsection (5) below.
A notice under this subsection shall specify the purpose for
which entry is required and shall indicate so far as practicable
the nature of any works to be executed on the land.
( 5 ) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace
on sworn information in writing-
( a ) that admission to any land on which any person is
entitled to enter under this section has been refused to
c. 23
1068 Reservoirs Act 1975
that person, or that a refusal is apprehended, or that
the occupier is temporarily absent ; and
( b) that there is reasonable ground for entry on to the
land for the purpose for which entry is required ;
the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise that person
to enter on the land, if need be by force ; but such a warrant shall
not be issued on the ground that entry has been refused or that
a refusal of entry is apprehended unless the justice is satisfied
that notice in writing of the intention to apply for a warrant has
been given to the occupier.
( 6) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue
in force until the purpose for which the entry is required has
been satisfied.
( 7) A person duly authorised to enter on any land by virtue
of this section shall, if so required, produce evidence of his
authority before so entering and may take with him on to the
land such other persons and such equipment as may be
necessary.
( 8) Any person who wilfully obstructs a person entitled to
enter on land by virtue of this section shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.
( 9) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) any reference to a justice of the peace includes a
reference to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the place
where the land is situated ;
(b) for the reference to sworn information in writing there
shall be substituted a reference to evidence on oath.
Compensation to third
18.-(1 ) Where in the exercise in relation to any reservoir of
powers conferred by section 17 above--
parties for
damage or
( a) any land on which entry is made and which is not in
disturbance.
the occupation of the undertakers is damaged ; or
( b) any person is disturbed in his enjoyment of any such
land;
any person interested in the land which is damaged or, as the
case may be, the person whose enjoyment of land is disturbed
shall be entitled to receive compensation from the enforcement
authority in respect of the damage or disturbance.
( 2) Any dispute as to a right to compensation under this sec-
tion or as to the amount of any such compensation shall be
determined by the Lands Tribunal or, if the land in question is
in Scotland, by the Lands Tribunal for Scotland.
( 3) Compensation payable under this section by an enforce-
ment authority shall for the purpose of recovery from the
undertakers be treated as an expense incurred in the exercise
of the powers conferred by section 16 above.
Reservoirs Act 1975 1069
c. 23
Supplementary
19.-( 1 ) Where- Reference
ofdisputed
( a ) an inspecting engineer includes in his report recom- recommenda-
mendations as to measures to be taken in the interests tions to
of safety or as to the time of the next inspection ; or referee.
( b) an engineer acting under section 8, 9 or 14 above in-
cludes in his report recommendations as to measures
to be taken in the interests of safety ;
the undertakers if aggrieved by any recommendation may, in
accordance with rules under this section, refer their complaint
to a referee.
( 2) A referee under this section shall be an independent
qualified civil engineer appointed by agreement between the
undertakers and the engineer making the recommendation com-
plained of, or in default of their agreement shall be a person
appointed by the Secretary of State.
( 3) A referee under this section, after investigating the com-
plaint, shall have power to make such modifications as he thinks
fit in the report containing the recommendation complained
of , and the report shall for the purposes of this Act have effect
accordingly.
( 4) A referee under this section, when he gives his decision on
a report, shall also give a certificate stating that the decision
does or does not modify the report, and (if necessary in con-
sequence of any modification) revising accordingly any certificate
given with reference to the report by the engineer making the
report.
( 5) The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make
rules as to the time within which a referee may be appointed
by agreement under this section, as to the time within which,
and the manner in which, a request for the appointment of a
referee under this section may be made to him, as to the pro-
cedure before the referee and as to the costs of the proceedings
before and investigation by the referee (including the remunera-
tion of the referee), so, however, that those costs ( including the
remuneration of the referee) shall be paid by the undertakers.
20.-( 1 ) Any report or certificate of an engineer acting for General
any purpose of this Act, including a referee under section 19 provisions
above, shall be in the prescribed form. as to reports,
certificates etc.
( 2 ) Any such report or certificate, unless the engineer in of engineers.
question is appointed to act by the enforcement authority, shall
be delivered to and kept by the undertakers.
1070 Reservoirs Act 1975
c. 23
Duty of
undertakers
to furnish
information.
( 3) Any such report or certificate, where the engineer in
question is appointed to act by the enforcement authority, shall
be delivered to the authority, but a copy of it shall be sent
by the engineer at the same time to the undertakers and shall
be kept by them.
( 4) Where any document to which this subsection applies is
delivered by the engineer in question to the undertakers, the
engineer shall within twenty- eight days after he delivers it to the
undertakers send a copy of it to the enforcement authority.
The documents to which this subsection applies are-
( a) any certificate of an engineer acting for any purpose
of this Act;
( b) any report made by an inspecting engineer or an
engineer acting for purposes of section 14 above and
stated in his certificate to include a recommendation
as to measures to be taken in the interests of safety,
and any report made by an engineer acting under
section 8 or 9 above ;
( c ) any decision of a referee modifying any such report
as is mentioned in paragraph (b) above ;
( d ) any written explanation given by a construction engineer
to the undertakers of his reasons for deferring the
issue of his final certificate ;
(e) any advice given by a supervising engineer to the under-
takers which either-
(i) recommends them to have the reservoir in-
spected under section 10 above or to take any other
action ; or
(ii) draws their attention to a breach of any pro-
vision of section 6( 2) to (4) or 9( 2) or of section
11 above.
(5) Where an enforcement authority receive a certificate of
an engineer acting for the purposes of section 13 above or a copy
of such a certificate, and the reservoir is situated partly in the
area of another local authority not being the undertakers, the
enforcement authority shall send a copy of the certificate to that
other local authority.
21.-( 1 ) Where undertakers intend-
( a ) to construct a large raised reservoir (whether as a new
reservoir or by alteration of an existing reservoir that
is not a large raised reservoir), or to alter a large raised
reservoir so as to increase its capacity ; or
Reservoirs Act 1975 1071
c .23
( b) to bring a large raised reservoir back into use as a
reservoir after that use has been abandoned ;
the undertakers, if they are not a local authority, shall serve
notice of their intention, giving the prescribed information, on
the local authority in whose area the intended large raised
reservoir will be or, if it will extend into the areas of more than
one local authority, on each of those authorities ; and if the
undertakers are a local authority and the reservoir or any part
of it will be in the area of another local authority or authorities ,
they shall serve notice of their intention on the other authority or
authorities.
Anotice under this subsection shall be served not less than
twenty-eight days before any work on the construction or altera-
tion of the reservoir is begun or, if the case is within paragraph
( b) above and the reservoir is to be brought back into use
without alteration, not less than twenty-eight days before it is
brought back into use.
(2) Where the use of a large raised reservoir as a reservoir is
abandoned, the undertakers shall within twenty- eight days notify
the enforcement authority in writing.
(3) Whenever a person is appointed to be, or ceases to be,
supervising engineer for a large raised reservoir, the undertakers
shall within twenty- eight days notify the enforcement authority
in writing ; and the notice of an appointment shall include the
date on which the appointment will take effect, if it has not done
SO.
( 4) On the appointment of an inspecting engineer for a large
raised reservoir the undertakers shall within twenty-eight days
notify the enforcement authority in writing of the appointment.
(5) The supervising engineer and every inspecting engineer
for a large raised reservoir, and any civil engineer employed
by the undertakers for purposes of section 8, 9, 10( 6 ) or 14
above or appointed by an enforcement authority under section
15(2) or 16 (3), shall be afforded by the undertakers all reason-
able facilities for the effective performance of his functions ; and
the undertakers shall furnish him-
( a ) with the statutory record required to be kept for the
reservoir ; and
( b) with copies of any statutory certificates relating to the
reservoir, with their annexes (if any) ; and
( c ) with copies of the reports made by inspecting engineers
on any statutory inspection of the reservoir ; and
( d ) with such further information and particulars as he may
require.
( 6) In this section " statutory " refers to matters provided for
by this Act or by the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930. 1930 c. 51
c.23
1072 Reservoirs Act 1975
Criminal
liability of
undertakers
andtheir
employees.
22.- (1) If-
(a ) by the wilful default of the undertakers any of the pro-
visions of section 6, 8(3), 9 ( 1 ), (2) or (3) , 10( 1 ) or (6) ,
11, 12( 1) , 13 or 14( 1) or (2 ) above is not observed or
complied with in relation to a large raised reservoir ; or
( b) the undertakers fail to comply with a notice from the
enforcement authority under section 8, 9, 10, 12 or 14
above ;
then unless there is reasonable excuse for the default or failure,
the undertakers shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
conviction on indictment or on summary conviction to a fine,
which on summary conviction shall not exceed £ 400.
( 2 ) If, in the case of any large raised reservoir, the undertakers
fail without reasonable excuse to give the enforcement authority
in due time any notice required by this Act to be given by them
to that authority, the undertakers shall be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £250.
( 3) If, in the case of any large raised reservoir, the under-
takers or persons employed by them without reasonable excuse
refuse or knowingly fail to afford to any person the facilities
required by section 21( 5) above or to furnish to any person
the information and particulars so required, the undertakers
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £250.
( 4) If for purposes of section 21 (5) above a person makes use
of any document or furnishes any information or particulars
which he knows to be false in a material respect, or recklessly
makes use of any document or furnishes any information or
particulars which is or are false in a material respect, he shall
be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £800.
(5) Where an offence committed by a body corporate under
this section is proved to have been committed with the consent
or connivance of any director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate , or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body
corporate shall be guilty of that offence, and shall be liable
to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, this section shall apply in relation to the acts and
defaults of a member in connection with his functions of
management as if he were a director of the body corporate.
( 6) In England and Wales proceedings for an offence under
this section may be instituted by any local authority, London
Reservoirs Act 1975 1073
c. 23
borough council or district council in whose area the reservoir
in question or any part of it is situated, but otherwise shall not
be instituted except by the Secretary of State or by or with the
consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Transitional and temporary provisions
23.-( 1) Where a large raised reservoir has been wholly or Continuity
partly constructed before the commencement of this Act anywith previous
certificate given, report made, or other thing done in relation to
Act.
the reservoir under or for purposes of the Reservoirs (Safety Pro- 1930 c. 51.
visions) Act 1930 shall for the purposes of this Act have the
same effect as if given, made or done under or for purposes of
thisAct .
( 2) The repeal by this Act of the Reservoirs (Safety Pro-
visions) Act 1930 shall not affect the continuance in force of
regulations or rules made under that Act or of any panel of
qualified civil engineers constituted under that Act , but they
shall continue as if made or constituted for corresponding pur-
poses under this Act ; but any appointment made to any such
panel before the commencement of this Act shall lapse at the
end of five years after the date of that commencement or, in the
case of any engineer or engineers, at such earlier date as may
be notified to him or them by the Secretary of State by written
notice given not less than six months before that date.
24.-( 1 ) Where a large raised reservoir has been constructed Notification
before, or is in course of construction at, the commencement to local
of this Act, the undertakers , if they are not a local authority, existing
authorities of
existing
shall, not later than nine months after the date of that commence- reservoirs.
ment, give to the local authority in whose area the reservoir is
situated (or, if it extends or will extend into the areas of more
than one local authority, to one of those authorities) notice of
the situation of the reservoir and of the name and address of the
undertakers ; and if the undertakers are a local authority, and
the reservoir or any part of it is or will be in the area of another
local authority or authorities, they shall, not later than nine
months after that date, give notice of the situation of the reser-
voir and of their being the undertakers to the other authority or
to one of the other authorities.
( 2 ) With the notice under subsection ( 1) above the undertakers
shall send for inspection and return by the local authority-
( a) any final certificate given under the Reservoirs (Safety
Provisions) Act 1930 on the construction of the
reservoir or any alteration of it or, if the preliminary
certificate has been so given but no final certificate,
the preliminary certificate ;
1074 Reservoirs Act 1975
c . 23
1930 с. 51 .
Reservoirs
incourse of
construction
or alteration,
or newly constructed
or altered.
( b) any certificate so given as to the execution of the works
on the construction of the reservoir or any alteration
of it (including the annex to the certificate) ;
( c ) the report made on the latest inspection of the reservoir
under that Act (if any).
( 3 ) The notice under subsection (1) above shall state, if it
is so-
( a ) that no final certificate was given under the Reservoirs
( Safety Provisions) Act 1930 on the construction of
the reservoir or on its alteration to become a large
reservoir because the construction or alteration was
completed before the commencement of that Act ;
( b) that no certificate has been given for the reservoir or
inspection made of it under that Act because it was
not a reservoir to which the Act applied.
( 4) Every local authority shall during the three months after
the date of the commencement of this Act take such steps as
they think are reasonably required to inform undertakers of the
requirements of subsections ( 1 ) to (3) above.
25.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) to ( 4) below, where at the
commencement of this Act-
( a) a large raised reservoir is in course of construction or
is in course of being altered so as to increase its
capacity ; or
( b) a large raised reservoir having been constructed or
having been so altered, no final certificate has yet been
given under the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act
1930 on the construction or alteration ;
sections 6 to 8 above shall from that commencement apply as
they apply in the case of a construction or alteration carried out
wholly after that commencement.
( 2 ) Subsection (1 )(b) above shall not apply where a final
certificate was not given as there mentioned because the con-
struction or alteration of the reservoir was completed before the
commencement of the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930 ;
and nothing in that subsection shall apply where before the com-
mencement of this Act a qualified civil engineer ( within the
meaning of that Act ) was not employed to design and supervise
the construction or alteration of the reservoir because the reser-
voir was not one to which that Act applied .
( 3) If in a case within subsection ( 1) above five years have
elapsed since the issue of a preliminary certificate for the reser-
voir or the addition to it, as the case may be, section 7(4) above
c . 23
Reservoirs Act 1975 1075
shall apply with the substitution of a reference to the commence-
ment of this Act for the reference to the end of five years after a
preliminary certificate is first issued .
( 4 ) If in a case within subsection (1) above there is at the
commencement of this Act no qualified civil engineer responsible
for the reservoir or addition as construction engineer, the under-
takers shall appoint a qualified civil engineer for purposes of
section 8 above without being required by a notice from the
enforcement authority ; and if they fail to do so within six
months after the date of the commencement of this Act, sections
15 and 22(1 ) above shall apply as if the undertakers had been
served with a notice under section 8 so as to require them to
make the appointment by the end of those six months.
If a local authority are the undertakers and the reservoir will
be wholly in the area of that authority, then notwithstanding
anything in section 2(6) above this subsection shall have effect in
relation to the reservoir as it would have effect in relation to it
if the undertakers were not a local authority, except that the
reference to section 15 shall not apply.
( 5 ) Where at the commencement of this Act a final certificate
has been given under the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930 1930 c. 51 .
on the construction of a large raised reservoir or on the alteration
of a reservoir so as to increase its capacity, but the reservoir has
not been inspected under that Act since the date of the certifi-
cate , section 10( 2) above shall apply as if that certificate had
been given on the date of the commencement of this Act.
26.-( 1 ) Where the construction of a large raised reservoir Reservoirs
( whether as a new reservoir or by the alteration of an existing constructed
before com-
reservoir that was not a large raised reservoir ) was completedmencement of
before the commencement of the Reservoirs ( Safety Provisions ) previous Act.
Act 1930 and the reservoir was not inspected under that Act,
then unless section 25(1) or (5) above applies by reason of any
alteration of the reservoir increasing its capacity, the first inspec-
tion of the reservoir under this Act shall be made as soon as
practicable after the commencement of this Act.
( 2) Where the construction of a large raised reservoir ( whether
as a new reservoir or by the alteration of an existing reservoir
that was not a large raised reservoir) was completed before the
commencement of the Reservoirs (Safety Provisions) Act 1930,
then on the first inspection of the reservoir under this Act the
inspecting engineer shall annex to his report drawings and
descriptions giving, so far as he can, the like information of
the works actually constructed at any time before the com-
mencement of that Act ( and not removed on any subsequent
1076 Reservoirs Act 1975
c . 23
alteration increasing the capacity of the reservoir) as would
have been annexed to a certificate under section 7( 6) above.
(3) Where subsection ( 2) above applies on the inspection of a
reservoir, any reference in section 20 or section 21(5) above to
an inspecting engineer's report shall include the annex, and
section 20(4) (b) shall apply whether or not the report is stated in
the inspecting engineer's certificate to include a recommendation
as to measures to be taken in the interests of safety.
Large raised
27.-( 1) Where before the commencement of this Act a quali-
reservoirs not
fied civil engineer within the meaning of the Reservoirs (Safety
within previous
Provisions) Act 1930 has not been employed to design and super-
Act .
vise the construction of a large raised reservoir or an alteration
1930 с. 51 .
of a reservoir to increase its capacity because the reservoir was
not one to which that Act applied, then-
( a ) notwithstanding that the construction or alteration is
not completed at the commencement of this Act,
section 6 ( 1 ) and (5) and section 7 above shall not apply
except in so far as section 7 is applied by section 8;
(b) whether or not the construction or alteration is so com-
pleted, the undertakers shall appoint a qualified civil
engineer for purposes of section 8 without being re-
quired by a notice from the enforcement authority ;
( c ) if the construction or alteration is so completed, section
6( 2) to (4) shall apply in accordance with section 8 as
they apply in the case of a construction or alteration
carried out wholly after the commencement of this Act.
( 2) If the undertakers fail within six months after the date of
the commencement of this Act to appoint a qualified civil
engineer as required by subsection ( 1 ) (b) above, sections 15 and
22( 1 ) above shall apply as if the undertakers had been served
with a notice under section 8 so as to require them to make the
appointment by the end of those six months.
( 3) If a local authority are the undertakers and the reservoir
is situated wholly in the area of that authority, then notwith-
standing anything in section 2( 6) above this section shall have
effect in relation to the reservoir as it would have effect in rela-
tion to it if the undertakers were not a local authority, except
that the reference to section 15 in subsection (2) above shall not
apply.
Repeal .
1971 с. 23.
Repeal, commencement etc.
28.-( 1 ) There are hereby repealed the Reservoirs (Safety
Provisions) Act 1930 and the entry relating to section 5(1) of
that Act in Part II of Schedule 9 to the Courts Act 1971 .
(2) Notwithstanding the repeal of the Reservoirs (Safety Pro-
visions) Act 1930, the provision made by section 7 of that Act
Reservoirs Act 1975 1077
c . 23
shall continue to have effect as reproduced in Schedule 2 to this
Act with certain changes in the wording of section 7 ( to avoid
mention in terms of the commencement or the passing of that
Act or of the undertakers) ; but the inclusion of that provision in
this Act shall not affect its operation, and in particular sections
1( 2) and 6(1) above shall not apply for the interpretation of
Schedule 2.
29.-( 1 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as may Commence-
be appointed by order of the Secretary of State made by statu- ment.
tory instrument, and the day appointed may differ for different
provisions of the Act or for different purposes of the same
provision.
( 2) An order of the Secretary of State under this section may
adapt references in this Act to its commencement in such manner
as appears to the Secretary of State to be required by the
operation of the order in bringing any provision of the Act into
force ; but subject to any such adaptation a reference in any
provision of this Act to its commencement shall be construed for
any purpose of that provision as a reference to the coming into
force of the provision for that purpose.
30.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Reservoirs Act 1975. Short title
and extent.
( 2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
1078 Reservoirs Act 1975
c .23
SCHEDULES
Section1.
SCHEDULE 1
INDEX OF GENERAL DEFINITIONS
Expression defined Reference in Act
Addition (to a reservoir)
...
... ... Section 6(6 )
Commencement (of this Act)
... ... Section 29(2)
Construction (of reservoir)
... ... Section 6(1)
Construction engineer
...
... ... Section 6( 1)
Enforcement authority
...
... ... Section 2 (6 )
Final certificate
... ...
... ... Section 7( 3)
Independent (civil engineer)
... ... Section 10 ( 9)
Inspecting engineer
... ...
... ... Section 10(1 )
Interim certificate
... ...
... ... Section 7( 2)
Local authority... ...
... ... Section 2(1)
Preliminary certificate
...
... ... Section 7(1 )
Prescribed ... ... ...
... Section 5...
Qualified civil engineer
Section 4(1)
Reservoir, raised reservoir and large raised Section 1(1) and ( 2 )
reservoir
Supervising engineer Undertakers ......
.. ... ...
...
Section 12(1)
Section 1( 4 )
Section 28.
SCHEDULE 2
LIABILITY FOR DAMAGE AND INJURY
Where damage or injury is caused by the escape of water from
a reservoir constructed after the year 1930 under statutory powers
granted after July 1930, the fact that the reservoir was so constructed
shall not exonerate the persons for the time being having the
management and control of the reservoir from any indictment, action
or other proceedings to which they would otherwise have been liable .
c .24 1079
INOH
カオプ


DROIZ
ET MON
100
House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 24
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to
disqualification for membership of the House of
Commons. [ 8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person is Disqualifi-
disqualified for membership of the House of Commons who for cationof
the time being- holders of
certain offices
( a) holds any of the judicial offices specified in Part I of and places.
Schedule 1 to this Act ;
( b) is employed in the civil service of the Crown, whether
in an established capacity or not, and whether for the
whole or part of his time ;
( c) is a member of any of the regular armed forces of the
Crown ;
( d ) is a member of any police force maintained by a police
authority ;
(e) is a member of the legislature of any country or terri-
tory outside the Commonwealth ; or
( f ) holds any office described in Part II or Part III of
Schedule 1 .
( 2) A person who for the time being holds any office described
in Part IV of Schedule 1 is disqualified for membership of the
House of Commons for any constituency specified in relation to
that office in the second column of Part IV.
1080 c.24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
1964 с. 48.
1967 с. 77.
1955 с. 18.
1955 с. 19.
Ministerial
offices.
Reserve and
auxiliary
forces, etc.
( 3) In this section-
" civil service of the Crown " includes the civil service of
Northern Ireland, Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service
and Her Majesty's Overseas Civil Service ;
" police authority " means any police authority within the
meaning of the Police Act 1964 or the Police (Scotland)
Act 1967, or the Police Authority for Northern
Ireland ; and " member " in relation to a police force
means a person employed as a full-time constable ;
" regular armed forces of the Crown " means the Royal
Navy, the regular forces as defined by section 225 of
the Army Act 1955, the regular air force as defined by
section 223 of the Air Force Act 1955, the Women's
Royal Naval Service, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval
Nursing Service and Voluntary Aid Detachments
serving with the Royal Navy.
( 4 ) Except as provided by this Act, a person shall not be
disqualified for membership of the House of Commons by reason
of his holding an office or place of profit under the Crown or
any other office or place ; and a person shall not be disqualified
for appointment to or for holding any office or place by reason
of his being a member of that House.
2.- (1 ) Not more than ninety-five persons being the holders
of offices specified in Schedule 2 to this Act ( in this section
referred to as Ministerial offices ) shall be entitled to sit and vote
in the House of Commons at any one time.
( 2 ) If at any time the number of members of the House of
Commons who are holders of Ministerial offices exceeds the
number entitled to sit and vote in that House under subsection
( 1) above, none except any who were both members of that
House and holders of Ministerial offices before the excess
occurred shall sit or vote therein until the number has been
reduced, by death, resignation or otherwise, to the number
entitled to sit and vote as aforesaid.
( 3) A person holding a Ministerial office is not disqualified
by this Act by reason of any office held by him ex officio as the
holder of that Ministerial office.
3.-( 1) Notwithstanding section 1 ( 1) (c) above-
( a) a person who is an officer on the retired or emergency
list of any of the regular armed forces of the Crown,
or who holds an emergency commission in any of those
forces, or belongs to any reserve of officers of any
of those forces, is not disqualified as a member of those
forces ; and
House ofCommons Disqualification Act 1975 c . 24 1081
( b) a naval, army, marine or air force pensioner who is
recalled for service for which he is liable as such is not
disqualified as a member of the regular armed forces
of the Crown.
( 2) A person is not disqualified under section 1( 1)( c) above by
reason of his being an Admiral of the Fleet, a Field Marshal or
a Marshal of the Royal Air Force, if he does not for the time
being hold an appointment in the naval, military or air force
service of the Crown.
( 3) A person is not disqualified under section 1( 1)( b) above
by reason of his being a member of the Royal Observer Corps
unless he is employed as such for the whole of his time.
4. For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to Stewardship
the vacation ofthe seat of a member of the House of Commons of Chiltern
who becomes disqualified by this Act for membership of that Hundreds, etc.
House, the office of steward or bailiff of Her Majesty's three
Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham, or of
the Manor of Northstead, shall be treated as included among the
offices described in Part III of Schedule 1 to this Act.
5 .- (1) If at any time it is resolved by the House of Commons Power to
that Schedule 1 to this Act be amended, whether by the addition amend Schedule 1.
or omission of any office or the removal of any office from one
Part of the Schedule to another, or by altering the description
of any office specified therein, Her Majesty may by Order in
Council amend that Schedule accordingly.
( 2) A copy of this Act as from time to time amended by
Order in Council under this section or by or under any other
enactment shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the
Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament ; and
all copies of this Act thereafter to be printed by Her Majesty's
printer shall be printed in accordance with the copy so certified.
6.-(1) Subject to any order made by the House of Commons Effects ofdis-
under this section, - qualification
and provision
( a ) if any person disqualified by this Act for membership for relief .
of that House, or for membership for a particular con-
stituency, is elected as a member of that House, or as
a member for that constituency, as the case may be, his
election shall be void ; and
( b) if any person being a member of that House becomes
disqualified by this Act for membership, or for mem-
bership for the constituency for which he is sitting, his
seat shall be vacated.
D
1082 c .24 House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
1949 с. 68.
Jurisdiction of
Privy Council
as to dis-
qualification.
1833 с. 41 .
( 2) If, in a case falling or alleged to fall within subsection ( 1)
above, it appears to the House of Commons that the grounds
of disqualification or alleged disqualification under this Act which
subsisted or arose at the material time have been removed, and
that it is otherwise proper so to do, that House may by order
direct that any such disqualification incurred on those grounds at
that time shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section.
( 3) No order under subsection (2) above shall affect the
proceedings on any election petition or any determination of an
election court, and this subsection shall have effect subject to
the provisions of section 124( 5) of the Representation of the
People Act 1949 (making of an order by the House of Commons
when informed of a certificate and any report of an election
court ) .
( 4) In any case where, apart from this provision, the Speaker
of the House of Commons would be required to issue during
a recess of that House a warrant for a new writ for election of a
member, in the room of a member becoming disqualified by
this Act, he may, if it appears to him that an opportunity should
be given to that House to consider the making of an order under
subsection (2) above, defer the issue of his warrant pending the
determination of that House.
7.-( 1 ) Any person who claims that a person purporting to
be a member of the House of Commons is disqualified by this
Act, or has been so disqualified at any time since his election,
may apply to Her Majesty in Council, in accordance with such
rules as Her Majesty in Council may prescribe, for a declara-
tion to that effect.
( 2) Section 3 of the Judicial Committee Act 1833 (reference
to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of appeals to
Her Majesty in Council) shall apply to any application under
this section as it applies to an appeal to Her Majesty in Council
from a court.
( 3) Upon any such application the person in respect of whom
the application is made shall be the respondent ; and the appli-
cant shall give such security for the costs of the proceedings ,
not exceeding £200, as the Judicial Committee may direct.
( 4 ) For the purpose of determining any issue of fact arising
on an application under this section the Judicial Committee may
direct the issue to be tried-
(a) if the constituency for which the respondent purports to
be a member is in England or Wales, in the High
Court;
(b) if that constituency is in Scotland, in the Court of
Session ;
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c. 24 1083
( c ) if that constituency is in Northern Ireland, in the High
Court in Northern Ireland ;
and the decision of that Court shall be final.
( 5) A declaration under this section may be made in respect
of any person whether the grounds of the alleged disqualification
subsisted at the time of his election or arose subsequently ; but
no such declaration shall be made-
( a ) in the case of disqualification incurred by any person
on grounds which subsisted at the time of his election,
if an election petition is pending or has been tried in
which his disqualification on those grounds is or was
in issue ;
( b ) in the case of disqualification incurred by any person
on any grounds, if an order has been made by the
House of Commons under section 6(2) above directing
that any disqualification incurred by him on those
grounds shall be disregarded for the purposes of that
section.
8. ( 1) No person being a member of the House of Com- Relaxation of
mons, or for the time being nominated as a candidate for obligation to
election to that House, shall be required to accept any office accept office.
or place by virtue of which he would be disqualified by this
Act for membership of that House, or for membership of that
House for the constituency for which he is sitting or is a
candidate.
( 2) This section does not affect any obligation to serve in the
armed forces of the Crown, whether imposed by an enactment
or otherwise.
9. (1) In this Act-
" Minister of State " means a member of Her Majesty's Interpretation.
Government in the United Kingdom who neither has
charge of any public department nor holds any other
of the offices specified in Schedule 2 to this Act or any
office in respect of which a salary is payable out of
money provided by Parliament under section 3 ( 1) (b)
of the Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975 :
1975 с. 27.
" Parliamentary Secretary " includes a person holding
Ministerial office ( however called ) as assistant to a
Member of Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom, but not having departmental responsibilities .
D 2
1084 c .24 House ofCommons Disqualification Act 1975
Consequential
amendment,
repeals and
saving.
1949 с. 68.
Short title
and extent.
10.-(1 ) Schedule 2 to the Representation of the People Act
1949 (which contains Parliamentary Elections Rules shall be
amended by substituting, for paragraph (2) of Rule 9 of the
Parliamentary Elections Rules, the following paragraph-
66 ( 2) A candidate's consent given under this rule shall
contain a statement that he is aware of the provisions of the
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975, and that , to
the best of his knowledge and belief , he is not disqualified
for membership of the House of Commons."
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act, are
hereby repealed, so far as they apply in relation to disqualifica-
tion for membership of the House of Commons, to the extent
specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 3) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as affecting the
enactments relating to the disqualification for membership of the
House of Commons of priests in holy orders or ministers of any
religious denomination.
( 4) Nothing in the definition of " regular armed forces of the
Crown " in section 1 (3) above shall be taken to alter the law
in force immediately before the passing of this Act in relation to
disqualification for membership of the House of Commons.
11.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1975.
( 2 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c . 24
1085
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Sections 1,
4 ,5 .
OFFICES DISQUALIFYING FOR MEMBERSHIP
PART I
JUDICIAL OFFICES
Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal.
Judge of the Court of Session.
Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal in Northern
Ireland.
Judge of the Courts-Martial Appeal Court.
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court.
Circuit Judge.
Sheriff Principal or Sheriff ( other than Honorary Sheriff) appointed
under the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1907, or Temporary Sheriff 1907 c. 51 .
Principal or Temporary Sheriff appointed under the Sheriff Courts 1971 c. 58.
( Scotland ) Act 1971 .
County Court Judge or Temporary County Court Judge in Northern
Ireland within the meaning of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 c. 67.
1920, or the deputy of such a Judge.
Stipendiary Magistrate within the meaning of the Justices of the 1949 с. 101
Peace Act 1949.
Stipendiary Magistrate in Scotland.
Resident Magistrate appointed under the Summary Jurisdiction and 1935 c. 13 (N.I. ).
Criminal Justice Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1935 or the Magistrates' 1964 c. 21 ( Ν.Ι.).
Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
Chief or other National Insurance Commissioner.
Chief or other National Insurance Commissioner for Northern
Ireland .
Umpire or Deputy Umpire appointed for the purposes of section
43 of the National Service Act 1948. 1948 с. 64.
PART II
BODIES OF WHICH ALL MEMBERS ARE DISQUALIFIED
The Advisory Board for the Research Councils.
The Agrément Board ;
The Appellate Tribunal constituted under the provisions of the
National Service Act 1948 relating to conscientious objectors.
AnArea Electricity Board in England and Wales.
The Attendance Allowance Board.
D 3
1086 1909 с. 47.
1965 с. 59.
1968 с. 16.
1947 с. 40.
c.24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1
The British Airports Authority.
The British Airways Board .
The British Film Fund Agency.
The British Gas Corporation.
The British Railways Board.
The British Steel Corporation.
The British Transport Docks Board.
The British Waterways Board.
The Central Council for Agricultural and Horticultural
Co-operation.
The Central Electricity Generating Board.
The Channel Tunnel Planning Council.
The Civil Aviation Authority.
The Civil Service Arbitration Tribunal.
A Colonial Currency Board.
The Commission for Local Administration in England.
The Commission for Local Administration in Wales.
The Commission for the New Towns.
The Commonwealth Development Corporation.
The Community Relations Commission.
The Council on Tribunals.
The Covent Garden Market Authority.
The Crofters Commission.
The Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations.
The Crown Estate Commissioners.
The Development Commission established under the Develop-
ment and Road Improvement Funds Act 1909 .
A Development Corporation within the meaning of the New
Towns Act 1965 or the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968.
A Development Council established under the Industrial Organ-
isation and Development Act 1947.
The Eggs Authority.
The Electricity Council.
The Foreign Compensation Commission.
The Forestry Commission.
The Freight Integration Council.
The Gaming Board for Great Britain.
The General Practice Finance Corporation.
The Health and Safety Commission.
The Health and Safety Executive.
The Herring Industry Board.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c .24 1087
The Highlands and Islands Development Board. SCH. 1
The Home -Grown Cereals Authority.
The Housing Corporation.
The Immigration Appeal Tribunal.
An Independent Schools Tribunal constituted under Schedule 6 to
the Education Act 1944 or Schedule 7 to the Education (Scotland ) 1944 c. 31.
Act 1962. 1962 с. 47.
The Independent Broadcasting Authority.
The Industrial Arbitration Board.
An Industrial Court established in Northern Ireland.
The Industrial Estates Corporations constituted in accordance with
the Local Employment Act 1972. 1972 с. 5.
The Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.
The Intervention Board for Agricultural Produce and every com-
mittee of the Board performing functions of the Board.
A Joint Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part III
of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972.
1972 с. 52.
The Lands Tribunal.
The Lands Tribunal for Northern Ireland.
The Lands Tribunal for Scotland.
The Law Commission.
The Local Government Boundary Commission for England.
The Local Government Boundary Commission for Scotland.
The Local Government Boundary Commission for Wales.
The Location of Offices Bureau.
The Manpower Services Commission.
The Maplin Development Authority.
The Meat and Livestock Commission.
A Medical Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of Part
III of the Social Security Act 1975 or Part III of the Social Security 1975 c. 14.
( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975, including any panel constituted for 1975 с 15.
the purposes of any such Tribunal.
A Medical Board or Pneumoconiosis Medical Board constituted
for the purposes of Part III of the Social Security Act 1975 or Part
III of the Social Security ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975, including any
panel constituted for the purposes of any such Board.
A Medical Practices Committee constituted under section 34 of
the National Health Service Act 1946 or section 35 of the National 1946 c. 81 .
Health Service ( Scotland ) Act 1947. 1947 с. 27.
The Medicines Commission and any committee established under 1968 с. 67.
section 4 of the Medicines Act 1968 .
A Mental Health Review Tribunal constituted under the Mental 1959 с. 72.
Health Act 1959.
D4
1088 c .24
House ofCommons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH . 1
1948 с. 64.
1919 с. 57.
1967 с. 80.
1971 с. 78.
1972 с. 52.
1973 с. 65.
1968 с. 71 .
The Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland.
The Metrication Board.
The Ministry of Defence ( Army Department) Teachers Selection
Board .
TheMonopolies and Mergers Commission.
A National Broadcasting Council.
The National Bus Company.
The National Coal Board.
The National Dock Labour Board.
The National Film Finance Corporation.
The National Freight Corporation.
The National Health Service Staff Commission.
The National Insurance Advisory Committee.
The National Ports Council.
The National Radiological Protection Board.
The National Research Development Corporation.
The North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.
The Northern Ireland Electricity Service.
The Occupational Pensions Board.
A Panel of Chairmen of Re-instatement Committees constituted
under section 41 of the National Service Act 1948.
The Panel of Official Arbitrators constituted for the purposes of
the Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensation ) Act 1919.
The Parole Board constituted under section 59 of the Criminal
Justice Act 1967.
A Pensions Appeal Tribunal.
The Performing Right Tribunal.
A Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part III of the
Town and Country Planning Act 1971 .
A Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part III of the
Town and Country Planning ( Scotland )Act 1972.
The PostOffice .
The Price Commission.
The Property Commission for Scotland established under
section 224 of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973.
The Race Relations Board and any conciliation committee
constituted by the Board under section 14 of the Race Relations
Act 1968.
The Red Deer Commission.
The Reserve Pension Board.
The Restrictive Practices Court.
The Review Board for Government Contracts.
ARural Development Board.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c .24
1089
The Scottish Committee of the Council on Tribunals.
SCH. 1
The Scottish Land Court.
The Scottish Law Commission.
The Scottish Transport Group.
The South of Scotland Electricity Board.
The Staff Commission established under section 85( 5) of the 1963 с. 33 .
London Government Act 1963 .
The Staff Commission for England established under section 257 1972 c. 70.
of the Local Government Act 1972.
The Staff Commission for Scotland established under section 218 of
the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 .
1973 с. 65.
The Staff Commission for Wales established under section 258 of
the Local Government Act 1972.
The Sugar Board.
The Supplementary Benefits Commission.
The Traffic Commissioners for any area (including the commis-
sioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area).
The Transport Tribunal.
The Tribunal established under Part II of the Wireless Telegraphy 1949 c. 54.
Act 1949.
The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority .
The University Grants Committee.
AValue Added Tax Tribunal.
The Water Resources Board.
The Welsh National Health Service Staff Commission.
The White Fish Authority constituted in accordance with section 1
of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1970, and the committee constituted in 1970 c. 11 .
accordance with section 2 of that Act.
PART III
OTHER DISQUALIFYING OFFICES
Accountant of Court appointed under section 25 of the Administra- 1933 с. 41 .
tion of Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1933.
Adjudicator appointed for the purposes of the Immigration Act 1971 c. 77
1971.
Agent for Northern Ireland in Great Britain.
Ambassador representing Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom.
Assessor of Public Undertakings ( Scotland ).
1090 c.24 House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1
1972 с. 70.
1973 с. 65.
1949 с. 66.
1975 с. 16.
1962 с. 46.
1966 с. 20.
1966 c. 28 (N.I.) .
1972 с. 58.
S.I. 1972/1265
( Ν.Ι. 14 ).
1964 с. 16.
Assistant Commissioner appointed under Part IV of the Local
Government Act 1972.
Assistant Commissioner appointed under Part II of the Local
Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 .
Attorney General of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Auditor of the Civil List.
Auditor of the Court of Session.
Boundary Commissioner or Assistant Boundary Commissioner
appointed under Part I or Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of
Commons ( Redistribution of Seats ) Act 1949.
Chairman or Deputy Chairman of an Administrative Board con-
stituted for the purposes of any scheme made, or having effect as if
made, under section 2 or 5 of the Industrial Injuries and Diseases
( Old Cases) Act 1975.
Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Dis-
tinction Awards.
Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Distinction Awards in
Northern Ireland.
Paid Chairman of an Area Transport Users Consultative Commit-
tee established under section 56 of the Transport Act 1962.
Chairman or member of a panel of deputy-chairmen of an
Agricultural Land Tribunal.
Chairman of an Appeal Tribunal constituted under Schedule 3 to
the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 or Schedule 3 to the Supple-
mentary Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
Chairman or Director-General of the British Council.
Paid Chairman of the Central Transport Consultative Committee
for Great Britain established under section 56 of the Transport Act
1962.
Chairman of the Cinematograph Films Council.
Chairman of the Countryside Commission for Scotland and any
other member of the Commission in receipt of remuneration.
Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Dental Estimates Board or
member of that Board appointed at an annual salary.
Paid Chairman of an Economic Development Committee.
Paid Chairman of a Health Board constituted under the National
Health Service ( Scotland ) Act 1972.
Chairman of a Health and Social Services Board established under
Article 16 of the Health and Personal Social Services ( Northern
Ireland ) Order 1972.
Paid Chairman of an Industrial Training Board constituted under
the Industrial Training Act 1964 or of a committee appointed under
that Act or paid Deputy Chairman of such a board.
Chairman, Vice-Chairman or member of the executive committee
of the Land Settlement Association Limited appointed at a salary.
Chairman of the Local Government Staff Commission for Northern
Ireland.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c.24
1091
Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted under section 94 ( 2 ) of, SCH. 1
and Schedule 10 to, the Social Security Act 1975 or under section 1975 c. 14.
94( 2) of, and Schedule 10 to, the Social Security ( Northern Ireland ) 1975 с. 15.
Act 1975.
Chairman or Deputy Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted
under the provisions of the National Service Act 1948 relating to 1948 с. 64.
conscientious objectors.
Chairman or Reserve Chairman of a Military Service ( Hardship)
Committee constituted under Schedule 3 to the National Service Act
1948.
Chairman of the Mining Qualifications Board.
Paid Chairman of a National Economic Development Council
Working Party .
Chairman in receipt of remuneration of the National Gas
Consumers' Council or any Regional Gas Consumers' Council.
Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the National Seed Development
Organisation Limited.
Chairman, or other member appointed by a Minister, of the
National Water Council.
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Central Services Agency for
the Health and Social Services .
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Council for Nurses and Mid-
wives.
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Staffs Council for the Health
and Social Services.
Any Chairman of the Plant Varieties and Seeds Tribunal.
Chairman of the Post Office Users' National Council.
Chairman of a Regional Economic Planning Council.
Chairman in receipt of remuneration of any Regional Health
Authority, Area Health Authority or Area Health Authority
( Teaching) or of any special health authority.
Chairman of a Regional Water Authority.
Chairman of the Scottish Dental Estimates Board or member of
that Board appointed at an annual salary.
Chairman, Deputy Chairman or member of the Council of
Management of the Scottish Special Housing Association, appointed
at a salary.
Chairman of the Staff Commission for Education and Library
Boards in Northern Ireland.
Chairman of the tribunal constituted under section 463 of the
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970.
1970 с. 10.Chairman of the Welsh National Water Development Authority .
Chief Electoral Officer or Deputy Electoral Officer for Northern
Ireland.
Clerk of the Crown and Peace in Northern Ireland.
Clerk of the Peace in Scotland.
Clerk or Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions in Northern Ireland.
1092 c .24
House ofCommons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1
1973 с. 65.
Assistant Commissioner appointed under Part II of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973.
Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner appointed under section
1972 c. 9 (Ν.Ι.). 50(1) or (2) of, or Schedule 4 to, the Local Government Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1972 .
The Commissioner appointed by Her Majesty's Government in
the United Kingdom under Article 3 of the Agreement confirmed
1920 с. 27.
by the Nauru Island Agreement Act 1920.
Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police of the
Metropolis.
Commissioner of the City of London Police.
Comptroller and Auditor General.
Comptroller and Auditor-General for Northern Ireland.
Constable, Lieutenant or Major of the Tower of London.
Correspondent appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and
Excise.
Counsel to the Secretary of State under the Private Legislation
1936 с. 52.
Procedure (Scotland ) Act 1936.
Crown Solicitor for Northern Ireland.
Delegate for Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom
to the Central Rhine Commission.
Director of the Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Limited
nominated by a Minister of the Crown or government department .
Director of the British Petroleum Company Limited nominated
by a Minister of the Crown or government department .
Director of the British Sugar Corporation Limited appointed
1956 с. 48 .
by the Ministers as defined by section 17 of the Sugar Act 1956.
Director of Cable and Wireless Limited.
Director of the Cereals Committee Limited appointed by a
Minister of the Crown or government department.
Director of the Commonwealth Institute.
Director of the Compagnie Financière de Suez et de L'Union
Parisienne appointed by a Minister of the Crown or government
department.
Director of any company in receipt of financial assistance under
1945 с. 36.
1958 с. 41.
1967 с. 40.
1972 с. 5.
1972 с. 63 .
the Distribution of Industry Act 1945, the Distribution of Industry
( Industrial Finance) Act 1958, the Shipbuilding Industry Act 1967,
the Local Employment Act 1972 or Part II of the Industry Act
1972, being a director nominated by a Minister of the Crown or
government department.
Director nominated by the Secretary of State of any company in
respect of which an undertaking to make advances has been given
1960 с. 31 .
by the Secretary of State under section 2 of the Highlands and
Islands Shipping Services Act 1960, and is for the time being in
force .
1962 с. 46.
Director of the Holding Company referred to in the Transport
Act 1962.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c . 24 1093
Director appointed at a salary of Industrial Advisers to the Blind
SCH. 1
Limited.
Director of International Computers ( Holdings) Limited nominated
or appointed by a Minister of the Crown or government department.
Director appointed at a salary of the National Building Agency.
Director appointed at a salary of the National Institute for House-
craft ( Employment and Training) Limited.
Director of the Peterhead Bay ( Management ) Company Limited.
Director, or Deputy Director, of Public Prosecutions for Northern
Ireland .
Director appointed at a salary of Remploy Limited.
Director of S.B. ( Realisations) Limited nominated or appointed
by a Minister of the Crown or government department.
Director of the Scottish Agricultural Securities Corporation Limited
nominated by a Minister of the Crown or government department.
Director General of Fair Trading.
Distributor of Stamps appointed by the Commissioners of Inland
Revenue for the Stock Exchange at Manchester or Glasgow.
Examiner or member of a board of interviewers appointed by
the Civil Service Commissioners .
Examiner for entrance examination to, or member of a board of
interviewers for entrance to, the civil service of Northern Ireland.
General Manager or Secretary of the Scottish Special Housing
Association.
Governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation .
Governor, Deputy Governor or Director of the Bank of England.
Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Secretary, or Captain of
Invalids of Chelsea Hospital.
Governor, Medical Officer or other officer or member of the staff 1953 c. 18 (Ν.Ι.) .
of a prison to which the Prison Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1953 applies.
Health Service Commissioner for England.
Health Service Commissioner for Scotland.
Health Service Commissioner for Wales.
High Commissioner representing Her Majesty's Government in
the United Kingdom.
Industrial Assurance Commissioner or Deputy Industrial Assur-
ance Commissioner appointed under the Industrial Assurance Act 1924 c. 21 (N.I.) .
( Northern Ireland) 1924.
Judge Advocate of the Fleet.
Judge Advocate General, Vice Judge Advocate General, Assistant
Judge Advocate General or Deputy Judge Advocate.
Lay observer appointed under section 45 of the Solicitors Act 1974. 1974 с. 47.
1094 c .24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1
Local government officers, the following-
Clerk or deputy clerk of a district council in Northern Ireland ;
County clerk or depute county clerk of a county in Scotland ;
Clerk or depute clerk of a district council in Scotland ;
Town clerk or depute town clerk of a burgh in Scotland .
Lyon Clerk.
Lyon King of Arms.
Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the
1958 с. 47.
Minister under Schedule 2 to the Agricultural Marketing Act 1958.
Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed under
1933 c. 22 (N.I.). section 2 of the Agricultural Marketing Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1933
or section 3 of the Agricultural Marketing Act ( Northern Ireland )
1964 c. 13 (N.Ι. ). 1964.
Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and
Food of the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales
or of an agricultural wages committee established under the
1948 с. 47.
Agricultural Wages Act 1948, or chairman of such a committee.
Member appointed by the Secretary of State of the Scottish Agri-
cultural Wages Board.
Member appointed by the Head of the Department or Minister of
Agriculture for Northern Ireland of the Agricultural Wages Board
for Northern Ireland.
Any member of the British Library Board in receipt of
remuneration.
Any member in receipt of remuneration of the British Tourist
Authority, the English Tourist Board, the Scottish Tourist Board
or the Wales Tourist Board.
Any member of the Countryside Commission in receipt of
remuneration.
Member appointed by the Secretary of State of the Horserace
Betting Levy Board.
Member of the Council of the National Computing Centre
appointed at a salary by a Minister of the Crown or government
department.
Any member of the Nature Conservancy Council in receipt of
remuneration.
Member of a panel of valuers appointed at an annual salary under
1890 с. 21 .
section 4 of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act 1890.
Member of the Permanent Joint Hops Committee appointed by
a Minister of the Crown or government department.
Member of a Wages Council or Central Co- ordinating Committee
appointed under paragraph 1 (a ) of Schedule 2 to the Wages Councils
1959 с. 69.
Act 1959, Chairman of a Committee appointed under paragraph
1 (1) (a) of Schedule 3 to that Act or member of a Commission of
Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 ( a ) of Schedule 4 to that Act.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c . 24
1095
Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee
SCH. 1
appointed under paragraph 1 (a ) of Schedule 1 to the Wages Councils
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1945 or Member of a Commission of Inquiry
1945 c. 21 (Ν.Ι.) .
appointed under paragraph 1( a ) of Schedule 2 to that Act.
Northern Ireland Commissioner for Complaints.
Northern Ireland Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration.
Officer of the Board of Referees appointed for the purposes of
section 26 of the Capital Allowances Act 1968.
1968 с. 3.
Officer or servant employed under the Commissioner of Police of
the Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.
Officer or servant of the Crown Estate Commissioners .
Officer or other member of the County Court Service within the
meaning of the County Courts Act ( Northern Ireland) 1959.
1959 c. 25 (N.Ι. ).
Officer , clerk or servant appointed or employed under section
20 of the Greenwich Hospital Act 1865.
1865 с. 89.
Officer of the Supreme Court within the meaning of sections 115 to
120 of the Supreme Court of Judicature ( Consolidation ) Act 1925. 1925 с. 49.
Officer of or attached to the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland
to whom section 76 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland) 1877 с. 57
1877 applies .
Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration.
President, or member of a panel of chairmen, of industrial tribunals
established under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964. 1964 с 16.
Principal Clerk of Justiciary appointed under section 25 of the
Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1933. 1933 с. 41.
Procurator fiscal or procurator fiscal depute appointed under the
Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland ) Act 1927. 1927 с. 35.
Public Works Loan Commissioner.
Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.
Registrar or Assistant Registrar appointed under section 18 or
section 19 of the County Courts Act 1959 . 1959 с. 22.
Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies.
Registrar of the Privy Council.
Registration Officer appointed under Part III of the Local 1972 c. 70.
Government Act 1972.
Sheriff clerk or sheriff clerk depute.
Solicitor in Scotland to any department of Her Majesty's Govern-
ment in the United Kingdom.
Standing Counsel to any department of Her Majesty's Govern-
ment in the United Kingdom.
Substitution Officer of the Royal Air Force.
Technical Adviser to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.
Under-Sheriff appointed under section 1 of the Sheriffs ( Ireland ) 1920 c. 26.
Act 1920.
1096 SCH. 1
Section 2.
c .24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
PART IV
OFFICES DISQUALIFYING FOR PARTICULAR CONSTITUENCIES
Office Constituency
Her Majesty's Commissioner of The Cities of London and
Lieutenancy in the City of Westminster.
London.
Her Majesty's Lieutenant for Any constituency comprising any
Greater London.
part ofGreater London.
Her Majesty's Lieutenant for a Any constituency comprising the
county in Great Britain. whole or part of the area
for which he is appointed.
Governor of the Isle of Wight. The Isle of Wight.
The High Sheriff of Greater Any constituency comprising any
London. part of Greater London.
High Sheriff of a county in Any constituency comprising the
England and Wales. whole or part of the area for
which he is appointed.
SCHEDULE 2
MINISTERIAL OFFICES
Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury.
Lord President of the Council.
Lord Privy Seal .
Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Paymaster General.
Secretary of State.
Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food .
President of the Board of Trade.
Minister of State.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Minister in charge of a public department of Her Majesty's Govern-
ment in the United Kingdom (if not within the other provisions
of this Schedule).
Attorney General.
Lord Advocate.
Solicitor General .
Solicitor General for Scotland
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c .24
1097
Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury.
Financial Secretary to the Treasury.
Parliamentary Secretary in a Government departinent other than
the Treasury, or not in adepartment.
Junior Lord of the Treasury .
Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household.
Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household.
Vice- Chamberlain of Her Majesty's Household.
Assistant Government Whip.
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
Section 10 (2).
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons
с . 20. Disqualification Act
1957.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Electricity Act 1957.
The whole Act, except section
2 ( 3) .
In Schedule 4, in Part II, the
c .48.
entry relating to the House
of Commons Disqualification
Act 1957.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
c .16 .
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
с. 66.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
с. 71.
The Commonwealth In-
stitute Act 1958.
The Tribunals and
Inquiries Act 1958.
The Agriculture Act 1958.
Section 7( 2).
The whole Act, so far as
unrepealed.
Section 8( 2).
In section 11( 2 ), the words
" except subsection ( 2 ) of
section eight thereof".
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Deer (Scotland ) Act In section 37( 2), the words
с. 40 . 1959. from "except" to "Act 1957".
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 3.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The New Towns Act 1959. Section 2(11).
с. 62. In section 14, in subsection ( 2 )
the words from " except" to
" Commons " and in sub-
section ( 3) the words " except
the said provision ".
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 1( 10 ).
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Wages Councils Act Section 25.
с. 69. 1959.
In section 27( 3) the words
" save as otherwise expressly
provided".
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health Act | Section 3(5).
с. 72.
1959.
In sections 150 and 152 the
words "subsection ( 5 ) of
section three ".
Section 11.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c . 18.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c . 58.
The Local Employment
Act1960.
The Charities Act 1960. In section 49( 2)(a) the words
from" it amends " to "1957".
1098 c . 24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 3
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
8 & 9 Eliz . 2. The Mental Health ( Scot- Section 2 (6 ).
c . 61. land) Act 1960. In sections 114 and 116 the
words " subsection (6 ) of
section two".
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Betting Levy Act The whole Act, so far as
c. 17.
1961.
unrepealed.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Covent Garden
Section 47.
с. 49.
Market Act 1961 .
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Transport Act 1962. Section 85 .
с.46.
In Part I of Schedule 11, the
words " section eighty- five "
and the words "and the
House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 ".
1963 с. 33.
The London Government Section 92.
Act 1963 . In section 94, in subsection ( 3),
the words " and section 92
and the words from " and the
repeals " to "Act 1957 " and
in subsection (4 ) the words
from the beginning to "said
repeals " and the words " other
than this subsection " .
1963 с. 38.
The Water Resources Act In section 137, in subsection( 2 ),
1963.
the words " and paragraph 4
ofSchedule 6 thereto " and in
subsection (3) the words " ( ex-
cept paragraph 4 of Schedule
6 ) " .
In Schedule 6, paragraph 4.
1963 с. 40.
Section 1(4) .
1964 с. 14.
1964 с. 16.
The Commonwealth De-
velopment Act 1963.
The Plant Varieties and
Seeds Act 1964.
The Industrial Training
Act1964.
In Schedule 4, paragraph 4 .
1964 с. 25.
Section 15.
In section 19( 2) the words
" except section 15 " .
The War Damage Act Section 13(4) .
1964 с. 40.
1964.
The Harbours Act 1964.
1964 с. 42.
1964 с. 56.
1964 с. 98.
In section 63(2) the words
66 except paragraph
7 of
Schedule 1 " .
In Schedule 1, paragraph 7 .
The Administration of In section 41 , in subsection (6),
Justice Act 1964.
the words from " and so" to
" Act 1957 " and in subsection
( 7 ) the words from " except "
to " Act 1957 " .
In Schedule 3, in Part II, para-
graph 23 .
The Housing Act 1964.
In section 108( 3), the words
"
except paragraph 2(10) of
Schedule 1 ".
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 2(10).
The Ministers of the Section 3 .
Crown Act 1964. In section 5, subsections (1) to
( 3). Schedule 2.
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c .24 1099
SCH. 3
Chapter Short Title
1965 с. 10. The
1965 с. 14.
1965 с. 16.
1965 с. 22.
1965 с. 46.
1966 с. 6.
1966 с. 8.
1966 с. 20.
1966 с. 34.
1967 с. 13.
1967 с. 17.
1967 с. 18.
1967 с. 22.
1967 с. 80.
1967 с. 86.
Superannuation
( Amendment) Act 1965.
The Cereals Marketing
Act 1965 .
The Airports Authority
Act 1965.
The Law Commissions
Act 1965.
TheHighlands and Islands
Development (Scotland)
Act 1965.
The National Insurance
Act 1966.
The National Health Ser-
vice Act 1966.
The Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966.
The Industrial Develop-
ment Act 1966.
The Parliamentary Com-
missioner Act 1967.
The Iron and Steel Act
1967.
The Local Government
( Termination of Re-
views) Act 1967.
TheAgriculture Act 1967.
The Criminal Justice Act
1967.
The Countryside (Scot-
land) Act 1967.
Extent of Repeal
In Schedule 1 , the entry relating
to the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1957 .
In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
In section 25( 2), the words
except paragraph 5 of“
Schedule 1 .
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 5.
Section 6(1) .
In section 19( 2 ) the words from
66 except " to " Act 1957 " .
In Schedule 1, paragraph 6.
Section 13( 2) .
In the Schedule, paragraph 8.
In section 40( 4) the words " the
House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 " .
In Schedule 1, paragraph 7.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 15.
In section 21(6 ), the words from
except"
"
to disqualifi-
cation ) ".
In section 31(7), paragraph (b)
and the word "and" im-
mediately preceding it .
In Schedule 3, in Part II, the
entry relating to the House of
Commons Disqualification
Act 1957.
Section 1( 4 ).
Section 1(8) .
In section 51 ( 2 ) the words
" (except section 1( 8) there-
of ) ".
In section 3( 2) the words from
the beginning to "Act 1957 " .
Section 73 .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 3.
Section 1( 7 ).
In section 79(2) the words
from except to "Act" "
1957".
Section 2(b) .
1968 с. 24. The Commonwealth Tele-
communications Act
1968.
1968 с. 41 . The Countryside Act Section 1(6 ).
1968.
In section 50, subsection ( 4)
and in subsection (5 ) the
words " and ( 4) " and " subject
to subsection ( 4) above " .
1100 c .24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 3
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1968 с. 65. 1968 с. 67. 1968 с. 71 . 1968 с. 73 .
1969 с. 30. 1969 с. 35.
1969 с. 48.
1969 с. 51 .
1970 с. 40.
1970 с. 46.
1970 с. 51 .
1971 с. 18.
1971 с. 23 .
1971 с. 58.
1971 с. 73.
1971 с. 75.
1971 с. 77.
1971 с. 78 .
1972 с. 3.
The Gaming Act 1968.
Section 10 (4 ) .
In section 54 ( 2 ) the words
"(except section 10 ( 4)) " .
The Medicines Act 1968.
Section 2( 6 ) .
The Race Relations Act
1968.
In section 29( 4 ) the words
"
from " except to "Act
1957 ".
In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
In Schedule 4, paragraph 8.
The Transport Act 1968. Section 155.
In Schedule 17, in Part I, the
words " 155 " and the words
from " and so far " to " Part
III ".
The Town and Country
In section 108( 3), the words
Planning (Scotland) Act
from " and except " to " Act
1969.
1957".
The Transport (London )
Act1969.
In section 47( 4 ) the words from
the beginning to "Act 1957 " .
The Post Office Act 1969.
Section 14 ( 20 ).
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 6.
The Development of
Section 1( 4 ) .
Tourism Act 1969.
In section 21(4) the words
" except section 1( 4 ) ".
TheAgriculture Act 1970.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
The Radiological Protec-
In Schedule 1, paragraph 6.
tion Act 1970.
The National Insurance
(Old persons ' and
widows' pensions and
attendance allowance)
In section 10 ( 3), the words " 1
and".
In Schedule 2, in Part I,
paragraph 1 .
Act 1970.
The Land Commission
( Dissolution) Act 1971 .
The Courts Act 1971 .
In section 7( 3) the words from
66
except " to " Act 1957 " .
Section 17(5) .
In section 59( 5) and (6 ), para-
graph ( b) .
The Sheriff Courts ( Scot- Section 21 .
land ) Act 1971 .
In section 47(3) the words from
" and section " to "Act
1957 ) " .
The Social Security Act
1971.
The Civil Aviation Act
1971 .
The Immigration Act
1971.
The Town and Country
Planning Act 1971 .
In section 10 (2), the words " 1
and".
Section 1( 5) .
Section 37( 5) .
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 4
and 10.
Section 47(5) .
In section 295( 2 ) the words
from " relates to " to " Act
1957 or " .
The Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1972. In section 1( 6 ) the words from
the beginning to the end of
paragraph (b) and the word
"and" immediately follow-
ing that paragraph .
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 c . 24
1101
SCH. 3
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1972 с. 41 .
1972 с. 52.
1972 с. 54.
1972 с. 58.
1972 с. 60.
1972 с. 62.
1972 с. 68.
The Finance Act 1972.
The Town and Country
Planning ( Scotland ) Act
1972.
The British Library Act
1972.
The National Health Ser-
vice (Scotland )Act 1972.
The Gas Act 1972.
The Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
1972.
TheEuropean Communi-
ties Act 1972.
The Local Government
Act 1972.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 8.
Section 44 ( 5 ).
Section 47( 5 ) .
In section 281( 3) the words
from " and relates " to " Act
1957".
In the Schedule, paragraph 6.
Section 42(4 ) .
In section 65( 3) and ( 4 ), the
words"42 ( 4 )".
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 6.
In section 50(2) the words from
" and the " to " Schedule
8) ".
In Schedule 3, paragraph 4.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 7.
In section 27( 5)(b) the words
" to the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1957 " .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 5(6 ).
1972 с. 70.
Section 268.
In section 274, in subsection
( 2 ) the words " section 268
above " and the words from
" and the repeals " to " that
Act " and in subsection (3)
the words from the beginning
to " said repeals ".
1973 с. 9.
The Counter-Inflation
In Schedule 1, paragraph 9.
Act 1973.
1973 с. 32.
The National Health Ser-
In Schedule 4, paragraph 79
vice Reorganisation Act
and in paragraphs 147 and
1973 .
148 the words " 42( 4) " .
1973 с. 37.
The Water Act 1973 .
In section 40, in subsection
( 4 ) ( d ) the words " 69 " and in
subsection (5) the words " and
paragraph 69 of Schedule 8 " .
In Schedule 8, paragraph 69.
1973 с. 38.
The Social Security Act Section 66( 3) .
1973. Section 73(5) .
In Schedule 7, paragraph 2.
In Schedule 27, paragraph 18.
1973 с. 39. The Statute Law( Repeals)
In Schedule 2, paragraph 3.
Act 1973 .
1973 с. 41 . The Fair Trading Act
In Schedule 1, paragraph 4.
1973.
1973 с. 50. The Employment and ❘ In section 15( 3), the word " 4 "
Training Act 1973.
where it first occurs .
1973 с. 54. The Nature Conservancy
In Schedule 3, paragraph 4.
In section 5( 3) the words " and
Act 1973 .
paragraph 19 of Schedule 3
also extends to Northern
Ireland ".
In Schedule 3, paragraph 19.
1102 c.24
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 3
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1973 с. 64.
1973 с. 65.
1974 с. 7.
1974 с. 21 .
1974 с. 24. 1974 с. 37 .
1974 с. 47.
1974 с. 48.
1974 с. 52.
1975 с. 18.
The Maplin Development
In Schedule 1, paragraph 5.
Act 1973 .
The Local Government
Section 218(5).
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
Section 224( 5) .
In section 238( 3) the words
ود
from " and except to"Act
." 1957
In Schedule 4, paragraph 3.
The Local Government In section 43( 6 ) the words
Act 1974.
from the beginning to "Act
." 1957
In Schedule 4, paragraph 12.
The Ministers of the Section 2.
Crown Act 1974.
Section 3( 1) .
The Prices Act 1974.
Section 6(3) .
The Health and Safety at In section 84(1)(b) , the words
Work etc. Act 1974.
" 2 and " .
In Schedule 9, paragraph 2.
The Solicitors Act 1974. In section 90( 4)(c), the words
paragraph 5 of Schedule66
."3
In Schedule 3, paragraph 5.
The Railways Act 1974.
Section 9( 3).
The Trade Union and
In section 31( 5 ), the words
Labour Relations Act
" the House of Commons
.1974
Disqualification Act 1957 " .
The Social Security (Con-
In Schedule 3, paragraph 6.
In Schedule 2, paragraph 12.sequential Provisions)
Act 1975.
с. 25 1103
YOH
IFUET

DROIZ
Northern Ireland Assembly
Disqualification Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 25
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to
disqualification for membership of the Northern Ireland
Assembly. [ 8th May 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person is Disqualifi-
disqualified for membership of the Northern Ireland Assembly cation of
who for the time being- holders of
certain offices
( a) holds any of the judicial offices specified in Part I of and places .
Schedule 1 to this Act ;
(b) is employed in the civil service of the Crown, whether
in an established capacity or not, and whether for the
whole or part of his time ;
(c) is a member of any of the regular armed forces of the
Crown ;
1104 c. 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
1964 с. 48.
1967 с. 77.
1955 с. 18.
1955 с. 19.
Reserve and
auxiliary
forces, etc.
( a ) is a member of any police force maintained by a police
authority ;
(e ) is a member of the legislature of any country or
territory outside the Commonwealth ; or
( f ) holds any office described in Part II or Part III of
Schedule 1.
( 2) In this section-
" civil service of the Crown" includes the civil service of
Northern Ireland, Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service
and Her Majesty's Overseas Civil Service ;
" police authority" means any police authority within the
meaning of the Police Act 1964 or the Police (Scotland )
Act 1967, or the Police Authority for Northern
Ireland ; and " member " in relation to a police force
means a person employed as a full- time constable ;
" regular armed forces of the Crown " means the Royal
Navy, the regular forces as defined by section 225 of
the Army Act 1955, the regular air force as defined by
section 223 of the Air Force Act 1955, the Women's
Royal Naval Service, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval
Nursing Service and Voluntary Aid Detachments
serving with the Royal Navy .
( 3) Except as provided by this Act, a person shall not be
disqualified for membership of the Northern Ireland Assembly
by reason of his holding an office or place of profit under the
Crown or any other office or place ; and a person shall not be
disqualified for appointment to or for holding any office or place
by reason ofhis being a member of the Assembly.
2.- (1) Notwithstanding section 1 ( 1) ( c) above-
( a ) a person who is an officer on the retired or emergency
list of any of the regular armed forces of the Crown,
or who holds an emergency commission in any of those
forces, or belongs to any reserve of officers of any of
those forces, is not disqualified as a member of those
forces ; and
( b) a naval, army, marine or air force pensioner who is
recalled for service for which he is liable as such is not
disqualified as a member of the regular armed forces
of the Crown.
( 2) A person is not disqualified under section 1(1)( c ) above by
reason of his being an Admiral of the Fleet, a Field Marshal or
a Marshal of the Royal Air Force, if he does not for the time
being hold an appointment in the naval, military or air force
service of the Crown.
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25 1105
( 3) A person is not disqualified under section 1( 1)(b) above
by reason of his being a member of the Royal Observer Corps
unless he is employed as such for the whole of his time.
3.- ( 1 ) If at any time it is resolved by the Northern Ireland Power to
Assembly that Schedule 1 to this Act be amended, whether by amend Schedule 1.
the addition or omission of any office or the removal of any
office from one Part of the Schedule to another, or by altering
the description of any office specified therein, Her Majesty may
by Order in Council amend that Schedule accordingly.
( 2 ) A copy of this Act as from time to time amended by
Order in Council under this section or by or under any other
enactment shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the
Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament ; and
all copies of this Act thereafter to be printed by Her Majesty's
printer shall be printed in accordance with the copy so certified.
4 .- (1) No person being a member of the Northern Ireland Relaxation of
Assembly, or for the time being nominated as a candidate for obligation to
election to the Assembly, shall be required to accept any office accept office.
or place by virtue of which he would be disqualified by this
Act for membership of the Assembly.
( 2 ) This section does not affect any obligation to serve in the
armed forces of the Crown, whether imposed by an enactment
or otherwise.
5.-( 1 ) The consequential amendments set out in Schedule 2Consequential
to this Act shall have effect.
amendments
and repeals.
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act (which
include enactments which were spent before the passing of this
Act) are hereby repealed, so far as they apply in relation to dis-
qualification for membership of the Northern Ireland Assembly,
to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 3) Nothing in the definition of " regular armed forces of the
Crown" in section 1( 2) above shall be taken to alter the law in
force immediately before the passing of this Act in relation to
disqualification for membership of the Northern Ireland
Assembly.
6. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Assembly Short title.
Disqualification Act 1975.
1106 c. 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCHEDULES
Sections 1 and 3.
SCHEDULE 1
OFFICES DISQUALIFYING FOR MEMBERSHIP
PART I
JUDICIAL OFFICES
Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal.
Judge of the Court of Session.
Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal in Northern
Ireland.
Judge of the Courts- Martial Appeal Court.
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court.
Circuit Judge.
Sheriff Principal or Sheriff (other than Honorary Sheriff) appointed
1907 с. 51 .
1971 с. 58 .
under the Sheriff Courts (Scotland ) Act 1907, or Temporary Sheriff
Principal or Temporary Sheriff appointed under the Sheriff Courts
( Scotland ) Act 1971 .
County Court Judge or Temporary County Court Judge in Northern
1920 с. 67.
Ireland within the meaning of the Government of Ireland Act
1920, or the deputy of such a Judge.
1959 с. 101 . Stipendiary Magistrate within the meaning of the Justices of the
Peace Act 1949.
Stipendiary Magistrate in Scotland .
1935 c. 13 ( N.I.).
1964 c. 21 ( Ν.Ι.). Resident Magistrate appointed under the Summary Jurisdiction and
Criminal Justice Act ( Northern Ireland) 1935 or the Magistrates'
Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
Chief or other National Insurance Commissioner.
Chief or other National Insurance Commissioner for Northern
Ireland.
Umpire or Deputy Umpire appointed for the purposes of section
1948 с 64
43 of the National Service Act 1948 .
PART II
BODIES OF WHICH ALL MEMBERS ARE DISQUALIFIED
The Advisory Board for the Research Councils .
The Agrément Board.
The Attendance Allowance Board for Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25 1107
The British Airways Board . SCH 1
The British Railways Board.
The British Transport Docks Board.
The British Waterways Board.
The Central Council for Agricultural and Horticultural
Co - operation.
The Civil Aviation Authority.
The Commission for Local Administration in England.
The Commission for Local Administration in Wales.
The Commonwealth Development Corporation.
The Council on Tribunals.
The Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administra-
tions.
The Crown Estate Commissioners.
The Eggs Authority.
Enterprise Ulster.
The Fire Authority for Northern Ireland .
The Foreign Compensation Commission.
The Freight Integration Council.
The Herring Industry Board.
The Home- Grown Cereals Authority.
The Immigration Appeal Tribunal.
The Independent Broadcasting Authority .
The Industrial Arbitration Board.
An Industrial Court.
The Industrial Estates Corporations constituted in accordance with 1972 с. 5.
the Local Employment Act 1972.
The Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.
The Intervention Board for Agricultural Produce and every com-
mittee of the Board performing functions of the Board.
The Lands Tribunal.
The Lands Tribunal for Northern Ireland.
The Lands Tribunal for Scotland.
The Law Commission.
The Livestock Marketing Commission for Northern Ireland.
AMedical Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of Part III
of the Social Security ( Northern Ireland) Act 1975 including any panel 1975 с. 15.
constituted for the purposes of any such Tribunal.
A Medical Board constituted for the purposes of Part III of the
Social Security ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975 including any panel
constituted for the purposes of any such Board.
The Medicines Commission and any committee established under
section 4 of the Medicines Act 1968 . 1968 с. 67.
1108 c. 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1 The Mental Health Review Tribunal for Northern Ireland con-
1961 c. 15 (N.I. ). stituted under the Mental Health Act ( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
The Metrication Board.
The Ministry of Defence ( Army Department ) Teachers Selection
Board.
The Monopolies and Mergers Commission.
ANational Broadcasting Council.
The National Coal Board.
The National Film Finance Corporation.
The National Freight Corporation.
The National Insurance Advisory Committee.
The National Research Development Corporation.
1965 c. 13 (Ν.Ι.) . A New Town Commission established under the New Towns Act
( Northern Ireland) 1965.
The Northern Ireland Agricultural Trust.
The Northern Ireland Electricity Service.
The Northern Ireland Finance Corporation.
The Northern Ireland Housing Executive.
The Occupational Pensions Board.
1948 с. 64. A Panel of Chairmen of Re-instatement Committees constituted
under section 41 of the National Service Act 1948.
1919 с. 57. The Panel of Official Arbitrators constituted for the purposes of
the Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensation ) Act 1919.
A Pensions Appeal Tribunal.
The Performing Right Tribunal.
The Planning Appeals Commission in Northern Ireland.
The Police Authority for Northern Ireland.
The Price Commission.
The Race Relations Board and any conciliation committee
1968 с. 71 .
constituted by the Board under section 14 of the Race Relations
Act 1968.
The Reserve Pension Board.
The Restrictive Practices Court.
The Review Board for Government Contracts.
A Rural Development Board in Northern Ireland.
The Scottish Committee of the Council on Tribunals.
The Scottish Land Court.
The Scottish Law Commission.
The Sugar Board.
' The Supplementary Benefits Commission.
Northern IrelandAssembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25 1109
The Supplementary Benefits Commission for Northern Ireland. SCH. 1
The Transport Tribunal .
Atribunal established under section 13 of the Industrial Training 1964 c. 18 ( N.I. ).
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964, including any panel constituted for the
purposes of any such tribunal.
The Tribunal established under Part II of the Wireless Telegraphy 1949 c. 54.
Act 1949.
The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
The University Grants Committee.
A Value Added Tax Tribunal.
The Water Appeals Commission for Northern Ireland.
The White Fish Authority constituted in accordance with section 1
of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1970, and the committee constituted in 1970 c. 11 .
accordance with section 2 of that Act.
PART III
OTHER DISQUALIFYING OFFICES
Adjudicator appointed for the purposes of the immigration Act 1971 c. 77.
1971 .
Agent for Northern Ireland in Great Britain.
Ambassador representing Her Majesty's Government in the
United Kingdom.
Arbitrator or other person appointed to hear a dispute under any
of the following enactments-
Section 18 of the Roads Act ( Northern Ireland) 1948 ;
The Drainage ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1973 .
Auditor of the Civil List.
1948 c. 28 (N.Ι.) .
S.I. 1973/69
( Ν.Ι. 1).
Boundary Commissioner or Assistant Boundary Commissioner
appointed under Part I or Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of
Commons ( Redistribution of Seats) Act 1949.
1949 с. 66.
Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Distinction Awards in
Northern Ireland.
Chairman of an Appeal Tribunal constituted under Schedule 3 to
the Supplementary Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
1966 c. 28 (Ν.Ι.).
Chairman or Director General of the British Council .
Chairman of the Cinematograph Films Council.
Chairman of the Electricity Consumers' Council.
Chairman of the Fisheries Conservancy Board for Northern
Ireland.
Chairman of a Health and Social Services Board established under
Article 16 of the Health and Personal Social Services ( Northern S.I. 1972/1265
Ireland ) Order 1972.
( Ν.Ι. 14).Chairman of the Local Government Staff Commission for Northern
Ireland .
1110 c . 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCH . 1 Paid Chairman of an industrial training board constituted under
1964 c. 18 (N.I.). the Industrial Training Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 or of a com-
mittee appointed under that Act.
Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted under section 94(2) of,
1975 с. 15.
and Schedule 10 to, the Social Security ( Northern Ireland) Act 1975.
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Central Services Agency for the
Health and Social Services.
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Council for Nurses and
Midwives.
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Staffs Council for the Health
and Social Services .
Chairman of the Northern Ireland Tourist Board.
Paid Chairman or other paid member of the Northern Ireland
Training Executive.
Chairman or director of the Northern Ireland Transport Holding
Company, or of any company which is a subsidiary of that Company.
Any Chairman of the Plant Varieties and Seeds Tribunal .
Chairman of the Staff Commission for Education and Library
Boards in Northern Ireland.
Chief Electoral Officer or Deputy Electoral Officer for Northern
Ireland.
Clerk of the Crown and Peace in Northern Ireland.
Clerk or Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions in Northern Ireland.
Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner appointed under section
1972 c. 9 ( N.I.). 50(1) or ( 2) of , or Schedule 4 to, the Local Government Act
( Northern Ireland) 1972.
Commissioner of the City of London Police.
Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police of the
Metropolis.
Comptroller and Auditor General.
Comptroller and Auditor -General for Northern Ireland.
Coroner or deputy coroner appointed for any district in Northern
Ireland.
Correspondent appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and
Excise.
Crown Solicitor for Northern Ireland.
Director of the British Sugar Corporation Limited appointed by
1956 с. 48.
the Ministers as defined by section 17 of the Sugar Act 1956.
Director of Cable and Wireless Limited.
Director appointed at a salary of the National Building Agency.
Director, or Deputy Director, of Public Prosecutions for Northern
Ireland.
Director of S.B. ( Realisations) Limited nominated or appointed
by a Minister of the Crown or government department.
Director or receiver appointed by the Department or Ministry of
Finance for Northern Ireland of any company.
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25 1111
Director or receiver of any company in receipt of financial assistance
SCH. 1
under the Industries Development Acts ( Northern Ireland) 1966 and
1971 or the Shipbuilding Industry ( Loans) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 c. 30 ( N.I.)
1966, being a director or receiver nominated or appointed by a
Head of a Department, Minister or department of the Government of
Northern Ireland .
Director of the Holding Company referred to in the Transport 1962 с. 46.
Act 1962.
Director General of Fair Trading.
Examiner or member of a board of interviewers appointed by
the Civil Service Commissioners.
Examiner for entrance examination to, or member of a board
of interviewers for entrance to, the civil service of Northern Ireland.
Governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Governor, Deputy Governor or Director of the Bank of England.
Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Secretary, or Captain of
Invalids of Chelsea Hospital.
Governor, Medical Officer or other officer or member of the staff
of a prison to which the Prison Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1953 applies. 1953 c. 18 ( N.I.).
Health Service Commissioner for England.
Health Service Commissioner for Scotland.
Health Service Commissioner for Wales.
High Commissioner representing Her Majesty's Government in the
United Kingdom.
Independent person appointed under section 7( 3) or section 8( 4 )
of the Caravans Act ( Northern Ireland) 1963 . 1963 c. 17 (Ν.Ι.) .
Industrial Assurance Commissioner or Deputy Industrial Assur-
ance Commissioner appointed under the Industrial Assurance Act 1924 c. 21 ( N.I.) .
( Northern Ireland) 1924.
Judge Advocate of the Fleet.
Judge Advocate General, Vice Judge Advocate General, Assistant
Judge Advocate General or Deputy Judge Advocate.
Local government officers, the following : -
Clerk or deputy clerk of a district council in Northern Ireland ;
County clerk or depute county clerk of a county in Scotland ;
Clerk or depute clerk of a district council in Scotland ;
Town clerk or depute town clerk of a burgh in Scotland.
Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the
Minister under Schedule 2 to the Agricultural Marketing Act 1958. 1958 с. 47.
Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed under
section 2 of the Agricultural Marketing Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1933 1933 c. 22 (N.I. ) .
or section 3 of the Agricultural Marketing Act (Northern Ireland) 1964 c. 13 (N.I. ).
1964.
Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food of the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales or
1112 c. 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCH. 1
1948 с. 47.
of an agricultural wages committee established under the Agricul-
tural Wages Act 1948 or chairman of such a committee.
Member appointed by the Secretary of State of the Scottish
Agricultural Wages Board.
Member appointed by the Head of the Department or Minister
ofAgriculture for Northern Ireland of the Agricultural Wages Board
for Northern Ireland.
Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee
1959 с. 69.
appointed under paragraph 1 (a ) of Schedule 2 to the Wages Councils
Act 1959 or Chairman of a Committee appointed under paragraph
1 (1) (a) of Schedule 3 to that Act or member of a Commission of
Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 ( a ) of Schedule 4 to that Act.
Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee
1945 c. 21 (N.I.). appointed under paragraph 1 ( a ) of Schedule 1 to the Wages Councils
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1945 or member of a Commission of Inquiry
appointed under paragraph 1 (a ) of Schedule 2 to that Act.
Member of a panel of valuers appointed at an annual salary under
1890 с. 21 .
section 4 of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act 1890.
Northern Ireland Commissioner for Complaints.
Northern Ireland Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration.
Officer of the Board of Referees appointed for the purposes of
1968 с. 3.
section 26 of the Capital Allowances Act 1968.
Officer or servant employed under the Commissioner of Police of
the Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.
Officer or other member of the County Court Service within the
1959 c. 25 (N.I.). meaning of the County Courts Act ( Northern Ireland) 1959.
Officer or servant of the Crown Estate Commissioners.
Officer of the Supreme Court within the meaning of sections 115
1925 с. 49.
to 120 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation ) Act 1925.
Officer of or attached to the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland to
1877 с. 57.
whom section 76 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act ( Ireland )
1877 applies.
Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration.
Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.
Registrar or Assistant Registrar appointed under section 18 or
1959 с. 22.
section 19 of the County Courts Act 1959.
Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies.
Registrar of the Privy Council .
Standing Counsel to any department of Her Majesty's Government
in the United Kingdom.
Substitution Officer of the Royal Air Force.
Technical Adviser to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise .
1920 с. 26.
Under-sheriff appointed under section 1 of the Sheriffs (Ireland)
Act 1920.
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25 1113
SCHEDULE 2
Section 5(1) .
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Northern Ireland Assembly Act 1973
1. In section 3 (1) and ( 4)(b) of the Northern Ireland Assembly Act 1973 c. 17 .
1973, as amended by section 30 ( 3) of the Northern Ireland Con- 1973 c. 36.
stitution Act 1973, for the words " 1957 " there shall be substituted
" 1975 " .
2. In section 3 (3 ) of the Northern Ireland Assembly Act 1973
for the words " by this section ", in paragraphs (a ) and ( c ), there
shail be substituted-
( a ) in paragraph (a ), the words " by this section, or by the
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 ", and
( b) in paragraph ( c ), the words " by this section, or by that Act ".
The Northern Ireland Act 1974
3. For paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Northern Ireland Act 1974 c. 28.
1974 there shall be substituted the following paragraph-
" 6. The Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act
1975 and section 3 of the said Act of 1973 ( disqualification for
membership of the Assembly) shall apply in relation to the Con-
vention as they apply in relation to the Assembly. "
SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons The whole Act, except section
c. 20. Disqualification
Act 2 ( 3 ).
1957.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Tribunals and Inquir-
c. 66. ies Act 1958 .
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Wages Councils Act
c. 69. 1959.
The whole Act, so far as unre-
pealed .
Section 25.
In section 27( 3), the words
" Save as otherwise expressly
provided".
Section 11 .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c. 18.
10 & 11 Eliz. 2.
с . 46 .
The Local Employment
Act 1960.
The Transport Act 1962.
Section 85.
In Part I of Schedule 11, the
words " section eighty-five "
and the words " and the
House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 ".
E
1114 c . 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCH . 3
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
1963 с. 33 . The London Government Section 92.
Act 1963 .
1963 с. 40.
1964 с. 14.
1964 с. 25.
1964 с. 98.
1965 с. 10.
1965 с. 14.
1965 с. 22.
1966с. 6.
In section 94, in subsection
( 3 )the words "and section 92 "
and the words from " and the
repeals " to " Act 1957 " and
in subsection ( 4 ) the words
from the beginning to " said
"
repeals and the words
" other than this subsection ".
Section 1( 4 ) .
The Commonwealth De-
velopment Act 1963.
The Plant Varieties and
Seeds Act 1964.
The War Damage Act
1964 .
The Ministers of the
Crown Act 1964.
The Superannuation
( Amendment) Act 1965.
In Schedule 4, paragraph 4.
Section 13( 4) .
Section 5( 2 ).
In Schedule 1, the entry relating
to the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1957.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
The Cereals Marketing
Act 1965.
The Law Commissions
Act 1965.
The National Insurance
Act1966.
The Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966.
Section 6( 1).
Section 13( 2).
1966 с. 20.
In section 40( 4 ) the words " the
House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 ".
In Schedule 1, paragraph 7.
1966 с. 34.
The Industrial Develop-
ment Act 1966.
In section 21( 6 ), the words
from " except " to "dis-
qualification) " .
In section 31(7), paragraph (b)
and the word " and" im-
mediately preceding it.
In Schedule 3, in Part II, the
entry relating to the House
of Commons Disqualification
Act 1957.
1967 с. 13. The Parliamentary Com- Section 1( 4 ) .
missioner Act 1967.
1967 с. 22. TheAgriculture Act 1967. Section 73 .
1968 с. 24. The Commonwealth Tele- Section 2(b) .
communications Act
1968.
1968 с. 67. 1968 с. 71. The Medicines Act 1968 . Section 2( 6 ) .
The Race Relations Act
1968. In section 29( 4 ), the words
"
from "except to "Act
1957 ".
In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
1968 с. 73. The Transport Act 1968. Section 155.
In Schedule 17 , in Part I, the
words " 155 " and the words
from " and so far " to " Part
III".
Northern IrelandAssembly Disqualification Act 1975 c. 25
SCH. 3
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
1969с. 35 . The Transport ( London ) In section 47( 4 ), the words
Act 1969. from the beginning to " Act
1957 " .
1970с.40. TheAgricultureAct 1970.
1971 с. 23. The Courts Act 1971 . In Schedule 1, paragraph 12.
Section 17(5 ) .
In section 59( 6), paragraph (b).
1971 с. 58. The Sheriff Courts ( Scot- Section 21 .
land) Act 1971 .
In section 47( 3), the words from
" and section "
to "Act
1957 ) ".
1971 с. 75. 1972 с. 41.
1972 с. 58.
The Civil Aviation Act
1971 .
1971 с. 77. The Immigration Act
1971.
The Finance Act 1972.
The National Health
Service ( Scotland ) Act
1972.
TheEuropean Communi-
ties Act 1972.
The Local Government
Act 1972.
Section 1( 5 ).
Section 37( 5) .
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 4
and10.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 8.
Section 42 ( 4 ).
In section 65( 4) the words
" 42 ( 4 )".
1972 с. 68.
In Schedule 4, paragraph 5( 6).
1972 с. 70.
Section 268.
In section 274, in subsection
( 2 ) the words " section 268
above" and the words from
" and the repeals " to " that
Act" and in subsection ( 3)
the words from the beginning
to" said repeals ".
1973 с. 9.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 9.
1973 с. 32.
1973 с. 36.
1973 с. 38.
1973 с. 41.
1974с. 7.
1974 с. 24.
1974 с. 52.
1975 с. 18.
The Counter-Inflation
Act 1973 .
The National Health
Service Reorganisation
Act1973.
The Northern Ireland
Constitution Act 1973 .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 79
and in paragraph 148 the
words " 42(4) ".
In section 30, subsections (1)
and ( 2 ) and in subsection (3)
the words from " and in sub-
section (3) " to the end.
The Social Security Act Section 66( 3).
1973.
Section 73(5 ).
In Schedule 27, paragraph 18.
In Schedule 1, paragraph4 .
The Fair Trading Act
1973.
The Local Government
Act1974.
In section 43( 6 ) the words
from " Except " to " Act
1957".
In Schedule 4, paragraph 12.
The Prices Act 1974.
The Trade Union and
Labour Relations Act
1974 .
Section 6( 3) .
In section 31( 5), the words" the
House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957 ".
InSchedule 3, paragraph 6.
The Social Security( Con-
In Schedule 2, paragraph 12.
sequential Provisions)
Act 1975.
E2
1116 c. 25 Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975
SCH . 3 PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1958 c. 7(Ν.Ι.). The Ulster Folk Museum Section 4( 4).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1958.
1959 с. 15 The Coroners Act Section 37.
( Ν.Ι.) .
1961 с. 15
( Ν.Ι.).
1962 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.) .
( Ν.Ι.).
( Northern Ireland) 1959.
The Mental Health Act Section 76( 3).
( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
The Electoral Law Act Section 14 (3).
( Northern Ireland ) 1962.
1964 с. 18 Section 15.
The Industrial Training
Act (Northern Ireland)
1964 .
1964 с. 29
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Lands Tribunal and Section 12( 3) .
Compensation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1964.
1965 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 17
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.).
The New Towns Act
Section 7( 3).
( Northern Ireland ) 1965.
The Fisheries Act Section 25( 4) .
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Supplementary In Schedule 1, paragraph 7.
Benefits &c. Act (North-
ern Ireland ) 1966.
1966 с. 43
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Agricultural Trust In the Schedule, paragraph 13.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966.
1967 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.).
The Livestock Marketing In the Schedule, in Part II,
Commission Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967. paragraph 7.
1967 с. 37
( Ν.Ι.) .
1969 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
The Transport Act
Section 53( 6 ).
( Northern Ireland) 1967.
The Parliamentary Com-
Section 1 ( 4 ).
missioner Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1969.
1969 с. 25
( Ν.Ι. ) .
The Commissioner for Section 1( 4 ).
Complaints Act (North-
ern Ireland) 1969.
1970 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.) .
1970 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.).
The Police Act ( Northern In Schedule 1, paragraph 17.
Ireland ) 1970.
The National Insurance In Schedule 2, in Part I, para-
( Old Persons' and
graph 1.
Widows' Pensions and
Attendance Allowance)
Act (Northern Ireland)
1970.
1971 с. 5
( Ν.Ι. ).
The Housing Executive In Schedule 1, paragraph 10 ( 1).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1971.
1971 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Local Government Section 3( 4 ).
( Boundaries ) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1971 .
1972 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.) . The Local Government In Schedule 8, paragraphs 13
Act (Northern Ireland)
and 14.1972.
Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 с. 25 1117
PART III
ORDERS IN COUNCIL UNDER S. 1(3) OF THE NORTHERN IRELAND
( TEMPORARY PROVISIONS) ACт 1972 (с. 22 )
SCH. 3
Number Short Title Extent of Repeal
S.I. 1972/731 The Northern Ireland Inthe Schedule, paragraph 5(1).
( Ν.Ι. 4 ).
Finance Corporation
( Northern Ireland )
Order 1972.
S.I. 1972/1072 The Electricity Supply In Schedule 1, paragraph 7(1 ).
( Ν.Ι. 9) .
( Northern
Order 1972. Ireland ) In Schedule 2, paragraph 7.
S.I. 1972/1264 The Electoral Law
In Article 6, the words from
( Ν.Ι. 13). (Northern Ireland)
" (3) In the Part " to " Chief
Order 1972.
Electoral Officer for North-
ern Ireland " .
In Schedule 16, paragraph 19.
S.I. 1972/1265 The Health and Personal
( Ν.Ι. 14 ).
Social Services ( North-
ern Ireland) Order 1972.
S.I. 1972/1634
( Ν.Ι. 17 ).
S.I. 1973/70
(Ν.Ι. 2) .
The Planning ( Northern In Schedule 3, paragraph 1( 4).
Ireland) Order 1972.
The Water and Sewerage In Schedule 1, paragraph 1( 4).
Services ( Northern
Ireland) Order 1973 .
S.I. 1973/601
( Ν.Ι. 9).
S.I. 1973/1228
( Ν.Ι. 16 ) .
The Fire Services (North- Article 3( 4).
ern Ireland) Order 1973.
The Enterprise Ulster In Schedule 1, paragraph 9(1).
( Northern Ireland )
Order 1973 .
E3
c . 26 1119

Ministers of the Crown
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 26
An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to the
redistribution of functions between Ministers of the
Crown, the alteration of the style and title of such
Ministers and certain other provisions about such
Ministers . [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1 ) Her Majesty may by Order in Council- Power by
( a ) provide for the transfer to any Minister of the CrownOrderin
Council to
of any functions previously exercisable by another transfer
Minister of the Crown ; functions of
( b) provide for the dissolution of the government depart- Ministers.
ment in the charge of any Minister of the Crown and
the transfer to or distribution among such other Minis-
ter or Ministers of the Crown as may be specified in
the Order of any functions previously exercisable by
the Minister in charge of that department ;
(c) direct that functions of any Minister of the Crown shall
be exercisable concurrently with another Minister of
theCrown, or shall cease to be so exercisable.
( 2 ) An Order in Council under this section may contain
such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as
E4
1120 1975 с. 24.
c.26
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975
may be necessary or expedient for the purpose of giving full
effect to the Order, including provisions-
( a ) for the transfer of any property, rights and liabilities
held, enjoyed or incurred by any Minister of the Crown
in connection with any functions transferred or
distributed ;
( b ) for the carrying on and completion by or under the
authority of the Minister to whom any functions are
transferred of anything commenced by or under the
authority of a Minister of the Crown before the date
when the Order takes effect ;
( c) for such adaptations of the enactments relating to any
functions transferred as may be necessary to enable
them to be exercised by the Minister to whom they
are transferred and his officers ;
( d ) for making in the enactments regulating the number of
offices in respect of which salaries may be paid or in
section 2 of, and Schedule 2 to, the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1975 (which regulate the number of
office holders who may be elected, and sit and vote, as
1
members of the House ofCommons), such modifications
as may be expedient by reason of any transfer of
functions or dissolution of a Department effected by the
Order;
( e ) for the substitution of the Minister to whom functions
are transferred for any other Minister of the Crown
in any instrument, contract, or legal proceedings made
or commenced before the date when the Order takes
effect.
( 3) No modifications shall be made by virtue of paragraph (d )
of subsection ( 2) above, in any of the enactments mentioned in
that paragraph, so as to increase the amount of any salary which
may be paid, or the aggregate number of persons to whom
salaries may be paid, under those enactments or the aggregate
number of persons capable thereunder of sitting and voting as
Members of the House of Commons.
( 4) Where by any Order made under this section provision
is made for the transfer of functions in respect of which any
Minister may sue or be sued by virtue of any enactment, the
Order shall make any provision which may be required for
enabling the Minister to whom those functions are transferred
to sue or be sued in like manner.
(5) A certificate issued by a Minister of the Crown that any
property vested in any other Minister immediately before an
Order under this section takes effect has been transferred by
virtue of the Order to the Minister issuing the certificate shall
be conclusive evidence of the transfer.
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975 c .26
1121
2.-( 1 ) Her Majesty may in connection with any change in the Changes in
departments of the office of Secretary of State, or any change in departments
the functions of a Secretary of State, by Order in Council make of office of Secretary of
such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as State, or in
may be necessary or expedient in connection with the change, their functions.
including provisions-
( a ) for making a Secretary of State a corporation sole,
(b) for the transfer of any property, rights or liabilities to
or from a Secretary of State,
( c) for any adaptations of enactments relating to a Secretary
of State, or to the department of a Secretary of State,
( d ) for the substitution of one Secretary of State, or depart-
ment of a Secretary of State, for another in any instru-
ment, contract or legal proceedings made or commenced
before the date when the Order takes effect.
( 2) A certificate issued by a Minister of the Crown that any
property vested in any other Minister immediately before an
Order under this section takes effect has been transferred by virtue
of the Order to the Minister issuing the certificate shall be
conclusive evidence of the transfer.
( 3) This section applies only to changes after 27th June 1974,
and to the creation ( in that year) of the Departments of Energy,
Industry, Trade, and Prices and Consumer Protection.
3.-( 1 ) This section applies where any enactment ( including an Transfer of
order under this Act ) provides that a named Secretary of State property etc.
and his successors shall be a corporation sole, and applies whether by or to Secretary of
or not the office of corporation sole is for the time being vacant. State .
( 2) Anything done by or in relation to any other Secretary
of State for the named Secretary of State as a corporation sole
shall have effect as if done by or in relation to the named
Secretary of State.
( 3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this
section, any deed, contract or other instrument to be executed
by or on behalf of the named Secretary of State as a corporation
sole shall be valid if under the corporate seal of that Secretary
of State authenticated by the signature of any other Secretary
of State, or of a Secretary to any department of a Secretary of
State, or of a person authorised by any Secretary of State to act
in that behalf.
1122 c .26
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975
Changeof
titleof
Ministers.
4. If Her Majesty is pleased by Order in Council to direct
that any change shall be made in the style and title of a Minister
of the Crown, the Order may contain provisions substituting
the new style and title-
( a ) in the enactments (including those mentioned in section
1 (2) (d ) above) relating to the Minister ;
( b) in any instrument, contract, or legal proceedings made
or commenced before the date when the Order takes
effect .
Supplementary 5.-(1 ) No Order in Council which provides for the dissolu-
provisions as tion of a government department shall be made under this
to Orders. Act unless, after copies of the draft thereof have been laid before
Parliament, each House presents an Address to Her Majesty
praying that the Order be made.
( 2) An Order in Council under this Act, not being an Order
made in pursuance of such an Address as aforesaid, shall be
laid before Parliament and shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
(3) Any Order under this Act may be varied or revoked by
a subsequent Order thereunder made in the like manner and
subject to the like conditions, so however that the variation or
revocation of an Order providing for the dissolution of a govern-
ment department shall not affect the dissolution thereof.
( 4) No provision in any Act passed before 6th March 1946
shall be construed as limiting the powers conferred by this
Act .
(5 ) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice any power exercisable
by virtue of the prerogative of the Crown in relation to the
functions of Ministers of the Crown.
( 6) Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Act to
a Minister of the Crown shall include a reference to Ministers
acting jointly.
Provisions
6.- ( 1) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall apply
applying
to any Minister eligible for a salary under head 2 of Part II of
to certain
Schedule 1 to the Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975.
Ministers
and their
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act (which re - enacts
departments. Schedule 1 to the Ministers of the Crown Act 1964) shall apply
1975 с. 27.
to the Secretary of State for Social Services, the Minister for the
1964 с. 98.
Civil Service and the Minister of Aviation Supply, and ( where
appropriate) to their departments, as the corresponding provisions
of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1964 applied immediately before
the passing of this Act.
Ministers ofthe Crown Act 1975 c .26
1123
7.- (1) In this section " the Minister " means the Minister of Functions of
Overseas Development. Minister of
Overseas
( 2 ) The functions of the Secretary of State ( under the enact- Development.
ments mentioned in Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act ) which were
transferred to the Minister by section 3( 3) of the Ministers of the
Crown Act 1974 shall continue to be exercisable by the Minister. 1974 c. 21 .
( 3) The functions of the Secretary of State ( under the enact-
ments mentioned in Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act ) which, by
virtue of section 3( 4) of the said Act of 1974, are exercisable
concurrently with the Minister shall continue to be so exercis-
able ; and any reference to the Secretary of State in those
enactments, and any such reference in any other enactment or
instrument so far as it relates to those functions, shall continue
to be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State or the
Minister.
( 4) This section is without prejudice to the power under this
Act to transfer any other functions to the Minister .
8.- ( 1 ) In this Act-
" functions " includes powers and duties ;
Interpretation,
consequental
amendment
and repeals.
" Minister of the Crown " means the holder of an office
in Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom,
and includes the Treasury , the Board of Trade and the
Defence Council.
( 2 ) For the purpose of this Act any functions in respect of
which a direction is given in an Order in Council made under
section 1( 1)( c) above shall be treated as functions transferred;
and any reference in this Act to the transfer of functions shall
be construed accordingly.
( 3) In section 6( 5 ) of the Decimal Currency Act 1967 (which 1967 c. 47.
defines " Minister of the Crown" by reference to the Ministers
of the Crown ( Transfer of Functions) Act 1946 ) for the words
"( Transfer of Functions ) Act 1946 " there shall be substituted
the words " Act 1975 ".
( 4 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
the Schedule.
9.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Ministers of the Crown Short title
Act 1975.
and extent.
( 2 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
1124 Section6.
1868 с. 72.
1868 с. 37
c. 26
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS APPLYING TO CERTAIN MINISTERS AND
THEIR DEPARTMENTS
1. The Minister shall take the oath of allegiance, and the official
oath, and the Promissory Oaths Act 1868 shall have effect as if the
name of the Minister were included in Part I of the Schedule to that
Act .
2. The Minister may appoint such secretaries, officers and servants
as he may with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine.
3. There shall be paid to the secretaries ( other than any Parlia-
mentary Secretary ), officers and servants appointed by the Minister
such salaries or remuneration as the Minister for the Civil Service
may determine.
4. The expenses of the Minister, including any salaries or remunera-
tion payable under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, shall be defrayed
out of money provided by Parliament.
5. The Minister shall for all purposes be a corporation sole, and
shall have an official seal, which shall be authenticated by the
signature of the Minister or of a secretary to the Ministry or of any
person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.
6. The seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed,
and every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued
by the Minister and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister
authenticated in the manner provided by paragraph 5 of this Schedule
or to be signed or executed by a secretary to the Ministry or any
person authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be
deemed to be so made or issued without further proof, unless the
contrary is shown.
7. Acertificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purport-
ing to be made or issued by him was so made or issued shall be
conclusive evidence of that fact.
8. The Documentary Evidence Act 1868 shall apply to the Minister
as if his name were included in the first column of the Schedule
to that Act, and as if he or a secretary to the Ministry or any person
authorised by him to act on his behalf were mentioned in the second
column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that
Act included any document issued by the Minister.
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975 c .26
1125
SCHEDULE 2
FUNCTIONS OF MINISTER OF OVERSEAS DEVELOPMENT
PART I
ENACTMENTS CONFERRING FUNCTIONS
EXERCISABLE BY MINISTER ALONE
12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.
c. 4.
12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.
c. 50.
The Judges Pensions ( India and Burma) Act
1948.
The Colonial Loans Act 1949: section 1, sub-
section (2 ) and so much of subsection ( 3) as
empowers the Secretary of State to grant
approval as mentioned in paragraph ( b) of
that subsection.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 14. The Overseas Service Act 1958, except the
provisions mentioned in Part II of this
Schedule.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 23.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 71 . The Overseas Resources Development Act 1959.
The Colonial Development and Welfare Act
1959, except the following in so far as they
confer functions on the Secretary of State,
namely-
( a ) in section 2, so much of subsection (1 )
as relates to the approval of develop-
ment programmes and so much of
subsection ( 3) as relates to provision
for the matters referred to in para-
graphs ( a ) and ( b) of that subsection;
( b ) section 5.
8 Eliz. 2. c. 6.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 40. 9 Eliz. 2. c. 1 .
1963 с. 40.
The Commonwealth Scholarships Act 1959.
The Commonwealth Teachers Act 1960.
The Indus Basin Development Fund Act 1960.
The Commonwealth Development Act 1963 :
section 2(3).
1965 с. 38.
The Overseas Development and Service Act
1965 : section 2.
1966 с. 21 .
1968 с. 57.
1969 с. 36.
1971 с. 56.
The Overseas Aid Act 1966.
The Overseas Aid Act 1968 .
The Overseas Resources Development Act 1969.
The Pensions ( Increase ) Act 1971 : sections 10,
11 , 11A and 12.
1972 с. 40.
The Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees
Act 1972: section 3 .
1973 с. 21 .
The Overseas Pensions Act 1973.
PART II
ENACTMENTS CONFERRING FUNCTIONS EXERCISABLE
CONCURRENTLY WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 14. The Overseas Service Act 1958 : so much of
section 1 as empowers the Secretary of State
to make appointments, and the proviso to
section 5( 2).
Section 7.
1126 c .26
Ministers of the Crown Act 1975
Section8( 4 ). SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
Chapter Short Title
9&10Geo. 6. Ministers of the Crown
( Transfer of Functions)
Act1946.
1964 с. 98. Ministers of the Crown
Act 1964.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. House of Commons Dis-
c . 20.
1974 с. 21.
qualification Act 1957.
Ministers of the Crown
Act 1974.
Extent of Repeal
The whole Act so far as
unrepealed.
The whole Act, so far as
unrepealed.
Section 2 (3).
The whole Act, so far as
unrepealed.
c. 27 1127


Ministerial and other
Salaries Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 27
An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to the
salaries of Ministers and Opposition Leaders and Chief
Whips and to other matters connected therewith.
[8th May 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act-
( a ) there shall be paid to the holder of any Ministerial office
specified in Schedule 1 to this Act such salary as is pro-
vided for by that Schedule ; and
( b) there shall be paid to the Leaders and Whips of the
Opposition such salaries as are provided for by
Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 2) There shall be paid to the Lord Chancellor a salary (which
shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the
United Kingdom) at such rate as together with the salary payable
to him as Speaker of the House of Lords will amount to £20,000
a year, but so that the salary payable to a Lord Chancellor under
this subsection shall be abated by the amount of any pension
payable to him in respect of any public office in the United King-
dom or elsewhere to which he had previously been appointed or
elected .
( 3) There shall be paid to the Speaker of the House of
Commons a salary (which shall be charged on and paid out of the
Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom) of £13,000 a year ;
and on adissolution of Parliament the Speaker of the House of
Commons at the time of the dissolution shall for this purpose
be deemed to remain Speaker until a Speaker is chosen by the
new Parliament.
Salaries.
1128 c.27
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975
Opposition
Leaders and
Whips.
Provision for
payment of
salaries.
( 4 ) Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Council
substitute another figure for that given by subsection (2) or (3)
above or by Schedule 1 or 2 to this Act as the annual amount,
or as the case may be the maximum or minimum annual amount,
of any salary ; but no recommendation shall be made to Her
Majesty to make an Order in Council under this subsection
unless a draft of the Order has been approved by resolution of
each House of Parliament or, if it relates only to the salary to
be paid to the Speaker of the House of Commons under sub-
section (3) above, by resolution of that House.
(5) A person to whom any salary is payable under subsection
(1) above shall be entitled to receive only one such salary, but
if he is the holder of two or more offices in respect of which a
salary is so payable and there is a difference between the salaries
payable in respect of those offices, the office in respect of which
a salary is payable to him shall be that in respect of which the
highest salary is payable.
"
2.- ( 1) In this Act " Leader of the Opposition means, in
relation to either House of Parliament, that Member of that
House who is for the time being the Leader in that House of
the party in opposition to Her Majesty's Government having the
greatest numerical strength in the House of Commons ; and
" Chief Opposition Whip " means, in relation to either House
of Parliament, the person for the time being nominated as such
by the Leader of the Opposition in that House ; and " Assistant
Opposition Whip ", in relation to the House of Commons, means
a person for the time being nominated as such, and to be paid
as such, by the Leader of the Opposition in the House of
Commons.
( 2) If any doubt arises as to which is or was at any material
time the party in opposition to Her Majesty's Government having
the greatest numerical strength in the House of Commons, or
as to who is or was at any material time the leader in that
House of such a party, the question shall be decided for the
purposes of this Act by the Speaker of the House of Commons,
and his decision, certified in writing under his hand, shall be
final and conclusive.
( 3) If any doubt arises as to who is or was at any material
time the Leader in the House of Lords of the said party, the
question shall be decided for the purposes of this Act by the
Lord Chancellor, and his decision, certified in writing under his
hand, shall be final and conclusive.
:
3. (1 ) The salaries payable under section 1(1)( a) of this Act
shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament and, in the
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975 c.27
1129
case of those payable in respect of the following offices, that is
to say-
(a) Treasurer, Comptroller and Vice -Chamberlain of Her
Majesty's Household ; and
(b) Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at -Arms,
Captain of the Queen's Bodyguard of the Yeomen of
the Guard and Lord in Waiting ;
shall be paid out of money so provided as part of the expenses
of the Treasury.
( 2) The sums payable out of money provided by Parliament
in respect of the salary of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan-
caster shall be reduced by the amount of the salary payable to
him otherwise than out of moneys so provided in respect of his
office.
( 3) The salaries payable under section 1(1)( b) of this Act
shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund
of the United Kingdom.
4.- (1) In this Act-
Interpretation.
" Junior Lord of the Treasury " means any Lord Commis-
sioner of the Treasury other than the First Lord and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer ;
" Minister of State " and " Parliamentary Secretary " have
the same meanings as in the House of Commons 1975 c. 24.
Disqualification Act 1975.
(2) The amount specified in this Act as being the amount of
any salary payable thereunder out of money provided by Parlia-
ment shall be taken to be the maximum amount so payable, and
accordingly, notwithstanding the provisions of this Act as to any
such amount, the salary so payable in any year in respect of any
office may be of a less amount than that so specified.
5.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Ministerial and other Short title,
Salaries Act 1975. transitional
provision and
( 2 ) Any Minute of the Treasury regulating the remuneration repeals .
of the Law Officers of the Crown which is in force immediately
before the coming into force of this Act shall have effect as if
the relevant salary stated in Schedule 1 to this Act were substituted
for the salary specified in the Minute.
(3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in column 3 of the
Schedule.
1130 c.27
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975
Section 1. SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
MINISTERIAL SALARIES
Office Salary
PART I
Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer... ... ... ...
Secretary of State... ... ... ...
Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food... Any of the following offices for so long as the holder is
amember of the Cabinet : -
( a ) Lord President of the Council;
( b ) Lord Privy Seal ;
( c ) Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster ;
(d ) Paymaster General;
( e) Chief Secretary to the Treasury;
(f) Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury ;
( g ) Minister of State.
£
20,000
13,000
PART II
1. Anyof the offices listed at (a ) to (g) in Part I above)
for so long as the holder is not a member of the Cabinet
2. Minister in charge of apublic department of Her
Majesty'sGovernment in the United Kingdom who is not a member of the Cabinet, and who is not eligible
for a salary under any other provision of this Act...
3. Financial Secretary to the Treasury
... ...
7,500-9,500
PART III
Attorney General... ... ... ... ... 14,500
Lord Advocate... ... ... ... ... ... 11,000
Solicitor General... ... ... ...
11,000
Solicitor General for Scotland... ... ... ...
7,750
PART IV
Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-
Arms... ... ... ... ... 6,500
Parliamentary Secretary other than Parliamentary
Secretary to the Treasury... 5,500
Captain of the Queen's Bodyguard of the Yeoman of
theGuard ... ... ... 5,000
Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household
...
...
Lord in Waiting... .. ... ... ... 4,500
Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household... ...
Vice- Chamberlain of Her Majesty's Household...
Junior Lord of the Treasury ... ... ... ...
4,000
Assistant Whip, House of Commons... ... ...
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975 c . 27
PART V
1.- (1) The salary tobe paid to the holder of any office mentioned
above in this Schedule shall be ofthe annual amount stated in relation
to that office in column 2 or, as the case may be, of such annual
amount not more than the upper figure or less than the lower figure
so stated as the First Lord of the Treasury may determine.
( 2) The date on which the holder of any office listed at (a) to ( g )
in Part I above becomes or ceases to be a member of the Cabinet
shall be notified in the London Gazette, and any such notification
( whether before or after the passing of this Act ) shall be conclusive
evidence for the purposes of this Schedule.
2. In the case of the following offices a salary may be paid to
more than one holder of the office at the same time, subject to the
limitations expressed below, that is to say-
(a ) Secretary of State, so long as not more than 21 salaries are
paid at the same time in accordance with Part I above ;
(b ) Minister of State, so long as not more than 50 salaries are paid
at the same time in accordance with Parts I and II above ;
( c ) Parliamentary Secretary other than Parliamentary Secretary
to the Treasury, so long as not more than 83 salaries are
paid at the same time in accordance with Parts I and II
above taken together with salaries to any Parliamentary
Secretary in accordance with Part IV above ;
( d ) Junior Lord of the Treasury, so long as not more than 5
salaries are paid at the same time ;
(e) Assistant Whip, House of Commons, so long as not more than
7 salaries are paid at the same time ;
( f ) Lord in Waiting, so long as not more than 5 salaries are
paidat the same time.
SCHEDULE 2
OPPOSITION LEADERS AND WHIPS
PART I
Position
In the House of Commons-
Leader of the Opposition
... ...
ChiefOpposition Whip
... ... ... ...
Assistant Opposition Whips
... ...
...
In the House of Lords-
Leader of the Opposition
... ... ...
...
ChiefOpposition Whip
... ... ..
...
Salary
£
9,500
7,500
4,000
3,500
2,500
1131
SCH. 1
Section 1
1132 SCH. 2
1972 с. 48.
Section 5(3).
c.27
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1975
PART II
1. The salary to be paid to any of the persons mentioned above
in this Schedule shall be of the annual amount stated in relation to
that person in column 2.
2. In the case of the Assistant Opposition Whips in the House of
Commons, salaries may be paid to not more than 2 at the same
time .
3. No salary shall be payable in accordance with this Schedule to
a person who is in receipt of a pension under section 26(1) (past
Prime Ministers) of the Parliamentary and other Pensions Act 1972.
SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
Chapter
1972 с. 3.
1974 с. 21 .
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Ministerial and other The whole Act.
Salaries Act 1972.
The Ministers of the Section 1.
Crown Act 1974.
c. 28
ELIZABETH I 1133

Housing Rents and Subsidies
(Scotland) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 28
An Act to repeal certain provisions of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972; to make
further provision as to the rents of houses provided
by housing authorities in Scotland and of those subject
to the Rent (Scotland ) Acts 1971 to 1974; to provide
for agreements for the exercise by housing co-operatives
of local authority housing functions ; to render certain
housing associations in Scotland, whose rules restrict
membership to tenants or prospective tenants and
preclude the grant or assignation of tenancies to
persons other than members, eligible for housing
association grant and revenue deficit grant under the
Housing Act 1974; to amend the law relating to
ating
housing subsidies and accounts in Scotland; and to
make minor amendments to certain enactments relating
to housing and new towns there. [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Public sector housing
1.- (1 ) Sections 27 to 31 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) New system
( Scotland ) Act 1972 (determination of rents, etc. for public sector of rents for
housing ) shall cease to have effect. public sector housing.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority 1972 c. 46.
may charge such reasonable rents as they may determine for
the tenancy or occupation of houses provided by them.
1134 c. 28 Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
( 3) A local authority shall from time to time review such rents
and make such changes either of rents generally or of particular
rents as circumstances may require.
( 4) In determining standard rents for houses to which their
housing revenue account relates, a local authority shall , subject
to section 33 of the 1972 Act ( phasing out of supplementary
charges) , take no account of the personal circumstances of
tenants.
(5) A local authority may make provision for a working bal-
ance in their housing revenue account which is no larger than
is reasonably necessary having regard to all the circumstances,
but save as aforesaid they shall not make provision for a
surplus in that account.
(6) Schedule 4 ( housing revenue account ) to the 1972 Act
shall be amended in accordance with Part I of Schedule 1 to
this Act, but subject to the Note at the end of that Part.
Limitation on
increases in
standard
rents of
individual
houses.
Amendments
relating to
housing subsidies.
2.-( 1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, a local authority shall
not increase the income receivable from the standard rent of any
house by more than £ 39 in any period of 12 months.
( 2) The restriction on any increase imposed by subsection
(1) above shall not apply in respect of the standard rent which
is first determined where a lease is granted to a new tenant of
the house or where an improvement has been made in the house.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above, “ improvement " includes struc--
tural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of addi-
tional fixtures or fittings, but does not include anything done by
way of decoration or repair.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may, with the concurrence of the
Treasury, by order vary the amount specified in subsection ( 1 )
above ; and any such order shall be made by statutory instru-
ment subject to annulment inpursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament , and may be varied or revoked by a subse-
quent order made under this subsection .
(5) This section shall apply to a development corporation or
the Scottish Special Housing Association as it applies to a local
authority.
1
3. The enactments relating to housing subsidies specified in
Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act shall be amended in accord-
ance with that Part, but subject to the Note at the end of that
Part.
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .28 1135
4 .- (1 ) The obligation under paragraph 1( 5 ) of Schedule 4 to Transitional
the 1972 Act to repay to the general rate fund the amount provisions
carried to the credit of the housing revenue account which is relating to housing
equal to the amount of the deficit shown in the account for any revenue
year, shall not apply in respect of such a deficit for the year account.
1974-75.
( 2) Paragraph 11 of the said Schedule 4, as originally enacted,
shall not apply in relation to any surplus shown in the housing
revenue account at the end of the year 1974-75, and any such
surplus shall be credited to the general rate fund for that year.
5.- ( 1 ) A local authority may make an agreement with aAgreements
society, company or body of trustees for the time being approved for exercise
byhousing
by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section (in this co-operatives
section called a " housing co-operative ") - oflocal
( a) for the exercise by the co -operative, on such terms as authority housing
may be provided in the agreement, of any of the local function
authority's powers relating to land or any interest in
land held by them for the purposes of Part VII of the
Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 , and the performance by 1966 с. 49.
the co -operative of any of the local authority's duties
relating to such land or interest ; or
(b) for the exercise by the co -operative, in connection with
any such land or interest, of any of the local authority's
powers under section 140 or 141 of the said Act of 1966
( powers to provide furniture, board and laundry
facilities) .
( 2) An agreement to which this section applies may only be
made with the approval of the Secretary of State, and the terms
of any such agreement shall be approved by him.
(3) The Secretary of State's approval to the making and to
the terms of such an agreement may be given either generally or
to any local authority or description of local authority or in any
particular case, and may be given unconditionally or subject to
anyconditions .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to any power to let land conferred on a
local authority by any enactment, the terms of an agreement to
which this section applies may include terms providing for the
letting of land to the housing co-operative by the local authority
for a period not exceeding 20 years .
( 5 ) Houses on land included in an agreement to which this
section applies shall continue to be included in the local autho-
rity's housing revenue account ; and neither the fact that the
authority have made the agreement nor any letting of land in
pursuance of it shall be treated as a ground for the reduction,
1136 c. 28 Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
1968 с. 31 .
1974 с. 44.
suspension or discontinuance of any Exchequer contribution or
subsidy under section 58 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1968.
(6 ) A housing association which is registered under Part II of
the Housing Act 1974 shall not be entitled to a grant under Part
III of that Act in respect of land for the time being comprised
in an agreement to which this section applies.
Surplus funds
6. After section 38A of the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968
of new town
corporations.
( as inserted by section 4( 2) of the Statutory Corporations ( Finan-
1968 с. 16.
cial Provisions) Act 1974) there shall be inserted the following
section: -
1974 с. 8.
"Disposal ofsurplus
38B.--( 1 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of
funds of
State, after consultation with the Treasury and the
development development corporation, that a development cor-
corporations. poration have a surplus, whether on capital or on
revenue account, after making allowance by way of
transfer to reserve or otherwise for their future
requirements, the development corporation shall, if
the Secretary of State after such consultation as afore-
said so directs, pay to the Secretary of State such
sum not exceeding the amount of that surplus as
may be specified in the direction ; and any sum
received by the Secretary of State under this section
shall, subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, be
paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 2) The whole or part of any payment made to the
Secretary of State by a development corporation
under subsection ( 1) above shall, if the Secretary of
State with the approval of the Treasury so deter-
mines, be treated as made by way of repayment of
such part of the principal of advances under section
37( 1) of this Act, and as made in respect of the repay-
ments due at such times, as may be so determined.
( 3) Any sum treated under subsection (2) above as
a repayment of a loan shall be paid by the Secretary
of State into the National Loans Fund."
Private sector housing
Phasing of 7.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, and
rent increases to section 9 of this Act, where a rent for a dwelling-house under
where rent for a regulated tenancy is registered ( whether before or after the
dwelling- house
under commencement of this Act), the rent for any rental period
regulated ( whether contractual or statutory), beginning after the commence-
tenancy is ment of this Act and during the period of delay imposed in terms
registered .
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland )Act 1975 c . 28 1137
of Schedule 2 to this Act, may only be increased to the extent
permitted in terms of that Schedule ; and accordingly-
( a ) any notice of increase under section 21 (2)(b) of the
1971 Act ; or
( b) any tenancy agreement, or any rent agreement with a
tenant having security of tenure within the meaning of
section 42( 1 ) of the 1972 Act,
served or made before or after such commencement, which pur-
ports to increase the rent payable at any time during that period
above that permitted at that time in terms of that Schedule, shall
have effect to increase the rent to the extent so permitted but no
further.
( 2) This section shall not apply to the rent under any regulated
tenancy of a dwelling - house which was granted after the com-
mencement of this Act and after the date of registration of the
rent if the person to whom it was granted was neither the
tenant under any previous regulated tenancy of that dwelling-
house nor any person who might have succeeded such a tenant
as a statutory tenant of the dwelling-house.
(3) This section shall not apply to any rent ( whether registered
before or after the commencement of this Act) which is subject
to phasing under section 63 of the 1972 Act as applied by para-
graph 14(2) (c) of Schedule 3 to the Housing Act 1974 ( certain 1974 c. 44.
housing association, etc., tenancies) .
( 4 ) The following provisions shall cease to have effect-
( a) section 79 of the 1971 Act and Schedule 13 thereto ;
(b) section 37 of the 1972 Act and Schedule 6 thereto.
( 5) Nothing in this section or in Schedule 2 to this Act shall
prevent or limit an increase in any sums included in a rent
which are variable by virtue of section 43( 4) of the 1971 Act
( variable rents) .
( 6) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect ; and, unless the
context otherwise requires, any expression used in this section
or in Schedule 2 to this Act which is also used in Part III or IV
of the 1971 Act shall have the same meaning as in those Parts .
8.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to section 9 of this Act, where no Limitation of
rent is registered for a dwelling -house under a regulated tenancy rent increases
( whether granted before or after the commencement of this Act ), under rent
the rent payable in any contractual period beginning after such agreement
no rent
commencement may not be increased, by virtue of any rent is registered
agreement (whether made before or after such commencement), for dwelling-
above the appropriate maximum amount specified in this section. house under regulated
( 2 ) In the case of any rent agreement which took effect before tenancy.
the commencement of this Act, the maximum amount to which
1138 c . 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
the rent may be increased in terms of subsection ( 1) above is, for
a rental period which begins-
( a ) during the year beginning with the commencement of
thisAct, or
( b ) during a subsequent year beginning with an anniversary
of such commencement,
the amount which, for the last rental period beginning before
the relevant year referred to in head (a ) or (b) above, was
payable by way of rent, having regard to the provisions of any
enactment, plus £1.50 per week.
( 3) In the case of any rent agreement which takes effect on
or after the commencement of this Act, the maximum amount
to which the rent may be increased in terms of subsection ( 1)
above is, for a rental period which begins-
( a ) during the first year of the period beginning with the
date when the rent agreement takes effect, or
( b ) during a subsequent year beginning with an anniversary
ofthatdate,
the amount which, for the last rental period beginning before
the relevant year referred to in head (a) or (b) above, was pay-
able by way of rent, having regard to the provisions of any
enactment, plus £1.50 per week.
( 4 ) There shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section
such part of any increase of rent (in a case where any rates in
respect of the dwelling - house are borne by the landlord) as
corresponds to any increase in the rates so borne, ascertained in
accordance with Schedule 4to the 1971 Act.
( 5) Any rent agreement made before or after the commence-
ment of this Act which purports to increase the rent payable
thereunder at any time above that permitted at that time under
this section shall have effect to increase the rent to the extent
so permitted but no further.
( 6) Paragraph 9 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall apply for
the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of
that Schedule.
( 7) The Secretary of State may by order substitute, for the
sum of £1.50 mentioned in subsections ( 2 ) and (3) above, a
sum other than that sum.
( 8) An order under subsection (7) above shall be made by
statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied
or revoked by a subsequent order made under that subsection.
( 9 ) In this section, " rent agreement " means a rent agreement
with a tenant having security of tenure within the meaning of
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .28 1139
section 42(1 ) of the 1972 Act, and, unless the context otherwise
requires, any expression used in this section which is also used
in Part III or IV of the 1971 Act shall have the same meaning
as in those Parts.
9.-(1 ) Notwithstanding any registration of a rent, or anyAnnual limit
rent agreement, which ( in either case ) permits the rent of a on private
sector rent
dwelling - house to be increased above the existing amount payable increases.
under a registration or rent agreement, the total of the rent
payable under a regulated tenancy in a relevant period shall not,
by virtue of a notice of increase or rent agreement taking effect
at or after the commencement of this Act, be increased by more
than £78 above the rent which would be payable in a period of
twelve months at the rate at which it was payable for the last
rental period beginning before the relevant period ; and sections
7 and 8 of this Act shall have effect accordingly in relation to
the rent payable for any rental period beginning at or after such
commencement.
ود
( 2 ) In this section, " relevant period means-
( a ) in a case where the rent previously payable as aforesaid
was in respect of a rent registered before the commence-
ment of this Act , the period of 12 months beginning
with such commencement, or any subsequent period of
12 months beginning with the anniversary of such
commencement ;
(b) in a case where the rent previously payable as aforesaid
was in respect of a rent registered after such commence-
ment, the period of 12 months beginning with the date
of such registration, or any subsequent period of 12
months beginning with the anniversary of that date ;
( c) in a case where the rent previously payable as aforesaid
was payable under a rent agreement in force before or
after the commencement of this Act, the period of 12
months beginning with the date when the last increase
( before or after such commencement) took effect under
that agreement, or any subsequent period of 12 months
beginning with the anniversary of that date.
(3) This section shall not affect any increase in respect of a
service element within the meaning of Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by order substitute, for the
sum of £78 mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, a sum other than
that sum.
( 5 ) An order under subsection (4 ) above shall be made by
statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order made under that subsection.
( 6) Any notice of increase under section 21( 2)( b) of the 1971
Act or any rent agreement which purports to increase the rent
1140 c.28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
payable at any time above that permitted at that time in terms
of this section shall have effect to increase the rent to the extent
so permitted but no further.
( 7) The provisions of section 7( 2), (3) and (5 ) and section
8( 4) and (9) of this Act and of paragraphs 9 and 10 of Schedule 2
thereto shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply
for the purposes of those sections.
Termination of
decontrol of
controlled
tenanciesby
reference to
rateable value
etc.
10.-( 1) No controlled tenancy of a dwelling- house shall cease
to be a controlled tenancy by reference to-
(a) the rateable value of the dwelling- house in terms of
section 34 of the 1972 Act ;
( b) the occurrence of any event which, in terms of section
35(2) of that Act, would, but for the enactment of this
section, have made the said section 34 applicable to
the dwelling -house,
whether or not an application for the registration of a rent has,
before the commencement of this Act, been made by virtue
of section 38 of the 1972 Act at a time when the dwelling- house
was let on or subject to a controlled tenancy; and accordingly,
sections 34, 35 and 38 of the 1972 Act shall cease to have effect.
(2) Where an application for the registration of a rent has,
before the commencement of this Act, been made by virtue
of section 38 of the 1972 Act at a time when the dwelling- house
was let on or subject to a controlled tenancy which would, but
for the enactment of subsection ( 1) above, have ceased to be a
controlled tenancy under section 34 of that Act-
( a) no rent shall, after such commencement, be registered
in pursuance of such an application ; and
(b) any rent which has, before such commencement, been
registered in pursuance of such an application shall
be deemed to have been deleted from the register, and
shall be of no effect.
(3) In this section-
(a) " registration " means registration under Part IV of the
1971 Act and " registered " and " register " shall be
construed accordingly ; and
(b) other expressions have the same meanings as in the 1971
Act .
Increases of
rent under
controlled
tenancy permitted towards cost
of repairs.
11.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
where repairs have been carried out to a dwelling- house let on or
subject to a controlled tenancy, or where repairs have been
carried out to any premises, whether or not they include the
dwelling-house, which benefit the dwelling-house, the rent limit
under the controlled tenancy of the dwelling-house, for rental
periods occurring after the completion of the repairs, shall be
increased by 121 per cent. per annum of the amount expended
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c.28 1141
on the repairs by the landlord or any superior landlord or any
person from whom the landlord or the superior landlord derives
title, but the rent of such a dwelling- house may only be
increased by virtue of this subsection by the service of a notice
of increase under section 58 of the 1971 Act.
( 2) To the extent to which benefit from the carrying out of
repairs to the dwelling-house or premises mentioned in sub-
section ( 1 ) above accrues to premises other than the dwelling-
house, the reference in the said subsection ( 1) to the amount
expended on the repairs shall be construed as a reference to
only so much of that amount ( if any) as may be determined, by
agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant, or
by the sheriff, to be properly apportionable to the dwelling-
house, having regard to any benefit accruing to the dwelling-
house and to the other premises from the carrying out of the
repairs.
(3) Where a grant has been paid, or is payable, towards the
cost of the repairs under any of the relevant enactments, the
references in subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above to the amount
expended on the repairs shall be construed as references to that
amount as diminished by the amount of the grant.
( 4 ) The sheriff may order the cancellation or reduction of
any increase sought or paid by virtue of subsection ( 1) above
on the ground-
( a) that the repairs in question were unnecessary ; or
( b ) that a greater amount was expended upon them than
was reasonable,
but no such order shall be made on the ground that the repairs
were unnecessary in any case where the repairs were carried
out in pursuance of a notice under section 24 of the Housing 1969 c. 34.
( Scotland ) Act 1969 or where a grant has been paid, or is pay-
able, towards the cost of the repairs under any of the relevant
enactments.
(5) Sections 122( 1) and 123(1) of the 1971 Act shall apply in
relation to any application to the sheriff for the purpose of sub-
section (2) or (4) above as if this section were a section of that
Act referred to in section 123(3) thereof ; and any determination
or order under subsection ( 2) or ( 4) above may be made so as
to relate to any rental period, whether before or after the date
of such determination or order.
( 6 ) In this section-
" relevant enactments " means
( a ) Part II of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) 1968 с. 31 .
( Scotland ) Act 1968 ; and
1142 1974 с. 45.
Eligibility for
housing
association
grant and
revenue
deficit grant.
1965 с. 12.
1974 с. 44.
Continuation
ofright to
recover excess
rent, etc. ,
under
Counter-
Inflation
Orders.
S.I. 1974/382.
S.I. 1974/1924.
1973 с. 9.
1889 с. 63.
Financial
provisions.
c .28
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland )Act 1975
( b ) Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ;
and any other expression which is also used in Part V of the
1971 Act shall have the same meaning as in that Part.
( 7 ) This section does not apply to-
( a) any repairs completed before the commencement of this
Act; or
( b) any repairs which, as between the tenant and the land-
lord, the tenant is under an express liability to carry
out .
12. The fact that a housing association is a society registered
under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 and that
its rules restrict membership to persons who are tenants or
prospective tenants of the association and preclude the grant
or assignation of tenancies to persons other than members shall
not render it ineligible for housing association grant under
section 29 of the Housing Act 1974 or for revenue deficit grant
under section 32 of that Act.
13.-(1 ) Article 5 of the Counter-Inflation ( Residential Rents
-Private Sector) ( Scotland ) Order 1974 ( recovery of excess rent)
shall continue to have effect, for the purposes of that Order and
of the Counter-Inflation ( Residential Rents -Private Sector)
( Scotland ) No. 2 Order 1974, so as to enable a tenant to recover
rent at any time when he is able to recover it in terms of that
Article, whether or not Part II of the Counter-Inflation Act 1973
( under which the Orders were made) is in force.
( 2) Article 8 of the Order first mentioned (jurisdiction of
sheriff ) shall continue to have effect, for the purpose of both
of the said Orders, in respect of any proceedings commenced
before the expiry of a period of two years commencing on 16th
May 1975, whether or not Part II of the said Act of 1973 is in
force .
( 3) Section 38( 2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 ( effect of
repeals) shall apply in relation to the said Orders, as continued
in effect by virtue of this section, as it applies in relation to an
enactment which is repealed by another Act.
Miscellaneous and general
14.- (1 ) There shall be paid out of money provided by
Parliament-
( a) any expenses of the Secretary of State under this Act,
and
(b) any increase in the sums payable out of money so pro-
vided under any Act other than this Act which is
attributable to any provision of this Act.
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 28 1143
(2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund and into
the National Loans Fund any sums payable into those Funds
under any Act other than this Act by virtue of any provision of
this Act.
15.- (1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act Miscellaneous
shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that and
Schedule, being miscellaneous amendments and amendments consequential
amendments
consequential on the provisions of this Act.
and repeals.
( 2 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule, but subject to the Note at the end of that Schedule.
16.-(1 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires - Interpretation.
" the 1971 Act " means the Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 ; 1971 c. 28.
" the 1972 Act " means the Housing ( Financial Provisions) 1972 c. 46.
(Scotland) Act 1972 ;
" local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
1966 с. 49.
( 2) Section 78 of the 1972 Act (interpretation ) shall apply
in relation to sections 1 to 5 of this Act as it applies in relation
to the 1972 Act.
(3) Except where the context otherwise requires, any refer-
ence in this Act to any enactment is a reference to it as amended
or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.
17.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Housing Rents and Citation,
Subsidies (Scotland) Act 1975. commence-
ment and
( 2 ) The Housing (Scotland ) Acts 1966 to 1974 and this Act extent.
( except sections 6 to 13) may be cited together as the Housing
(Scotland) Acts 1966 to 1975.
( 3) The Rent ( Scotland) Acts 1971 to 1974 and sections 7
to 11 of this Act may be cited together as the Rent ( Scotland )
Acts 1971 to 1975.
( 4) This Act shall come into force on 16th May 1975.
(5) With the exception of this section, and section 15 of this
Act so far as relating to paragraph 17 of Schedule 3 to this Act
( which extend also to England and Wales), this Act extends to
Scotland only .
1144 c. 28 Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
Sections 1 and 3 .
Section 1.
1972 с. 46.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
MISCELLANEOUS AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
RELATING TO HOUSING REVENUE ACCOUNT AND HOUSING
SUBSIDIES
PART I
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO HOUSING REVENUE ACCOUNT
The Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
1. In Schedule 4 ( Housing Revenue Account ) -
(1 ) In paragraph 1, the following provisions shall cease to have
effect:
( a ) in sub-paragraph (1), head (d ) ;
( b) sub-paragraphs (5) and ( 6).
( 2 ) In paragraph 2, head ( f ) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) Paragraphs 5 and 6 shall cease to have effect .
( 4) For paragraph 11 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 11 .- (1 ) If at the end of any year a credit balance is
shown in the housing revenue account, it shall be carried
forward and credited to the account for the next following
year.
( 2 ) If for any year a deficit is shown in the said account,
the local authority shall carry to the credit of the account
a rate fund contribution of an amount equal to the deficit.".
NOTE
The amendments contained in this Part of this Schedule shall
have effect only as respects the year 1975-76 and later years.
Section 3.
PART II
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO HOUSING SUBSIDIES
The Housing (Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
2. In section 3 (local authorities housing expenditure subsidy) -
(1) In subsection (1), in paragraph ( a ), the word " and ", and
paragraph ( b) shall cease to have effect.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2 ), the words after " expenditure per house "
shall cease to have effect.
( 3 ) In subsection ( 3), for the words " 1972-73 " there shall be
substituted the words " 1975-76 ", and for the word excess "
there shall be substituted the word " increase ".
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland) Act 1975 c. 28 1145
( 4) In subsection ( 4 ), the following provisions shall cease to
have effect-
( a ) in paragraph ( a), the word " and " ;
(b) paragraph (b) ;
) ;
( c ) the words " and the associated contribution out of the
general rate fund " ;
( d ) column 3 of the Table.
( 5 ) Subsections (6 ), ( 9) ( c ) and ( d ) and (11) shall cease to have
effect.
3. In section 4 (local authorities high cost subsidy)
(1) In subsection (1), in paragraph ( a ), the word " and " , and
paragraph (b) shall cease to have effect .
66
( 2) In subsection ( 2 ), the words or associated contribution
out of the general rate fund " shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In subsection ( 4 ), in paragraph ( a ), the word " and ", and
paragraph (b) shall cease to have effect.
( 4) In subsection ( 5 ), the words " under section 28 or 29 of
this Act " shall cease to have effect.
4. In section 9 ( housing expenditure subsidy payable to develop-
ment corporations and Scottish Special Housing Association) —
(1) In subsection ( 2), the words after " expenditure per house "
shall cease to have effect.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3), for the words " 1972-73 " there shall be
"
substituted the words " 1975-76 ", for the word excess " there
shall be substituted the word " increase ".
( 3 ) Subsection ( 7 ) shall cease to have effect.
( 4 ) In subsection ( 8 ), for the word " ( 7 ) " there shall be
substituted the word " (6 ) " .
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
5. In section 46 (rent income subsidy ), for subsection ( 3) there shall
be substituted the following subsections-
" (2A) Rent income subsidy payable by reference to any year
in terms of subsection (2) above may continue to be so payable
for such years, beginning with that year, as the Secretary of State
may, in accordance with such regulations as aforesaid, from time
to time determine.
(3) The amount of rent income subsidy for any year, deter-
mined in accordance with regulations made under this section,
may be varied from year to year ; and any question relating to
the said subsidy shall be determined by the Secretary of State. ".
NOTE
The amendments contained in this Part of this Schedule shall
have effect only as respects the year 1975-76 and later years.
F
SCH. 1
1974 с. 45.
1146 c. 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
Section7. SCHEDULE 2
PHASING OF RENT INCREASES WHERE RENT FOR DWELLING-HOUSE
UNDER REGULATED TENANCY IS REGISTERED
PART I
PHASING OF RENT INCREASES
Interpretation
1.- (1) In this Schedule-
" noted amount " means the amount of the registered rent noted
as fairly attributable to the provision of services under
subsection (1A ) of section 43 of the 1971 Act, as sub-
stituted in terms of paragraph 14 of this Schedule ;
" period of delay " means, subject to paragraphs 3( 4 ) and 4 to 7
below, a period of two years beginning with the date of
registration of a rent ;
" permitted increase " means the amount by which the rent for
any rental period may be increased under paragraph 3
below ;
"previous rent limit " means, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) of
this paragraph and to paragraphs 4, 6 and 7 below, the
amount which for the last rental period beginning before
the date of registration was payable by way of rent , having
regard to the provisions of any enactment ;
" rental period " means a rental period beginning during the
period of delay and after the commencement of
this Act ;
" service element" means any amount calculated under para-
graph 2 (1) below ;
"specified sum " means £0-40 per week for a rental period
which begins during the first year of the period of delay,
with the addition of a further £0-40 per week for a rental
period which begins during the second year.
( 2 ) Where the rent includes an amount payable in respect of rates,
the previous rent limit shall be decreased by the amount so payable,
ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to the 1971 Act.
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .28 1147
Service element
2.- (1 ) Where there is, in respect of any registered rent, a noted
amount, in the cases mentioned in the first column of the Table
below, the amount of the service element shall be calculated as
specified in the second column.
SCH. 2
TABLE
Case
Case A. A specified amount
or proportion was in the previ-
ous rent limit attributable to the
provision of services and came
Service element
The service element is the
difference between the amount or
proportion and the noted
amount.
to less than the noted amount.
Case B. No amount or pro-
portion attributable to the pro-
vision of services was specified
in the previous rent limit, but an
amount less than the noted
amount appears to the rent officer
or rent assessment committee to
have been attributable to such
The service element is the
difference between-
( a ) anamount bearing to the
previous rent limit the
same proportion as the
noted amount bears to
the registered rent, and
( b ) the noted amount.
provision.
Case C. No amount appears to
the rent officer or rent assessment
The service element is the
noted amount.
committee to have been attribut-
able in the previous rent limit
to the provision of services.
( 2 ) The amount of any service element shall be recorded and
identified as such in the register.
Formulae for calculating increases in rent
3.- (1) Subject to paragraph 3(1)( c ) of Part III of the Schedule
to the Fire Precautions Act 1971 and sub-paragraphs ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of 1971 с. 40
this paragraph, the permitted increase is an increase to an amount
calculated in accordance with the formulae set out in sub-paragraph
( 2) or ( 3) below , and for the purposes of this paragraph-
PRL is the previous rent limit ;
SE is the service element ;
RR is the registered rent ;
SS(1) is the specified sum in respect of a rental period which
begins during the first year of the period of delay;
SS( 2) is the specified sum for a rental period which begins during
the second year of that period .
( 2 ) The permitted increase for a rental period which begins during
the first year of the period of delay is an increase to the greater of
the following amounts, namely-
(a ) PRL+SE++ [RR-( PRL + SE)] ;
(b) PRL+ SE+SS(1 ).
F2
1148 c.28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 2 ( 3) The permitted increase for a rental period which begins during
the second year of the period of delay is an increase to the greater of
the following amounts namely-
(a ) PRL+ SE+ [RR-(PRL +SE)] ;
(b) PRL+ SE+SS(2).
( 4 ) Where the permitted increase for any rental period in terms of
sub-paragraph ( 2 ) or (3) above, other than any increase permitted in
respect of a service element, would exceed £1.50 per week, the period
ofdelay shall be extended, and
( a ) the permitted increase for a rental period which begins
during the first year of the period of delay is an increase
to the following amount-
PRL+ SE +£1.50 per week ;
and
( b) the permitted increase for a rental period which begins
during a subsequent year of the period of delay is an
increase to the amount which, for the last rental period
beginning before that year, was payable by way of rent,
having regard to the provisions of any enactment, plus
(i ) any increase permitted in respect of a service element
not previously recovered ; and
(ii) £1.50 per week.
( 5 ) Nothing in this Schedule shall enable a rent to be increased
to an amount greater than the registered rent.
Modifications in certain cases of rent agreements
4.- (1) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below applies in any case where there is,
in respect of a dwelling-house, a rent agreement with a tenant
having security of tenure within the meaning of section 42(1 ) of the
1972 Act, which takes effect-
( a ) on or after the commencement of this Act ; and
( b) less than two years before the date of a subsequent registra-
tion of a rent for the dwelling-house.
( 2 ) In the application of this Schedule in any case mentioned in
sub-paragraph ( 1) above-
( a ) " previous rent limit " means, subject to paragraph 1 (2)
above, the amount which for the last rental period beginning
before the date when the rent agreement took effect was
payable by way of rent, having regard to the provisions
of any enactment ;
( b) the period of delay shall begin with the date when the rent
agreement took effect.
( 3) Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the amount of the rent
recoverable for any rental period beginning before the date of the
registration of a rent in terms of sub- paragraph ( 1 ) above.
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c. 28 1149
Effect of subsequent registration during period of delay
5. Where a rent has been registered for a dwelling- house, and
a new rent is registered for the dwelling-house during a period of
delay imposed in respect of the former rent in terms of this Schedule,
the restrictions imposed with respect to that period of delay shall,
from the date of registration of the new rent, cease to apply, and a
new period of delay imposed in terms of this Schedule shall begin
with the registration of the new rent or, where paragraph 4 above
applies, with the date when the rent agreement took effect.
Modifications in cases where rent was registered before
соmmеnсеment of Act
6.- (1) In relation to any registered rent which was subject to
phasing under the provisions of section 79 of the 1971 Act and
Schedule 13 thereto, or of section 37 of the 1972 Act and Schedule
6 thereto, sub-paragraph ( 2) or (3) of this paragraph shall apply in
place of the said provisions .
( 2 ) Where a rent was registered before 8th March 1974 and part
of a period of delay imposed in respect thereof under any of the
provisions specified in sub-paragraph (1) above remained unexpired
on that date-
( a ) in any case where 8th March 1974 fell within the second
year of the said period of delay, this Schedule shall apply
to the rent as if the second year of a period of delay
imposed under this Schedule had ended at the commence-
ment of this Act and as if the period of delay last men-
tioned had been extended under paragraph 3( 4) above ;
( b ) in any case where 8th March 1974 fell within the first year
of the period of delay first mentioned, this Schedule shall
apply as if the second year of a period of delay imposed
under this Schedule had begun at the commencement of
thisAct.
( 3) In any case where a rent, which was subject to phasing under
any of the provisions specified in sub-paragraph (1) above, was
registered on or after 8th March 1974 but before the commencement
of this Act, this Schedule shall apply to the rent as if-
( i) a period of delay in terms of this Schedule had begun at such
commencement, and
( ii) the previous rent limit were the amount which, for the last
rental period beginning before such commencement, was
payable, by way of rent, having regard to the provisions of
any enactment.
7. Sub-paragraph ( 3) of paragraph 6 above shall apply in any case
where-
( a ) a rent was registered before the commencement of this Act,
which was not subject to phasing under any of the pro-
visions referred to in that sub-paragraph, and
(b) the previous rent limit in terms of that sub- paragraph is less
than the registered rent,
as it applies in any such case as is mentioned in the said sub-
paragraph ( 3).
F3
SCH. 2
1150 c. 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland )Act 1975
SCH. 2 General
8.- (1) The Secretary of State may by order substitute, for the
specified sum, or for the sum of £1.50 mentioned in paragraph 3( 4 )
above, in relation to any year of the period of delay, or to the whole
period, a sum other than the sum mentioned in this Schedule ; and
different sums may be specified for each of those cases or any of
them.
( 2 ) An order under sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall be made by
statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked
by a subsequent order made under that sub-paragraph.
9. In ascertaining for the purposes of this Schedule any difference
between periods of different lengths, a month shall be treated as
one-twelfth and a week as one-fifty-second of a year.
10.- (1) Where a registration takes effect from a date earlier than
the date of registration, references in this Schedule to the date of
registration shall nonetheless be references to the later date.
( 2 ) Where a rent determined by a rent assessment committee is
registered in substitution for a rent determined by a rent officer, the
preceding provisions of this Schedule shall have effect as if only the
rent determined by the rent assessment committee had been regi-
stered; but the date of registration shall be deemed for the purposes
of this Schedule ( but not for the purposes of section 21(3) of the 1971
Act ) to be the date on which the rent determined by the rent officer
was registered.
1971 с.40.
PART II
MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS RELATING TO PHASING OF RENT
INCREASES
11. In section 19(2 ) of the 1971 Act (determination of rent during
contractual periods), as amended in terms of paragraph 3( 4) of
Part III to the Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971 , after the
words " Fire Precautions Act 1971 " there shall be inserted the words
"and section 7 of the Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland) Act
1975".
12. In section 21( 2 )(b) of the 1971 Act ( limit of rent during
statutory periods ), as amended in terms of paragraph 23 of Schedule
9 to the 1972 Act, for the words from " section 79 " to " 1972" there
shall be substituted the words " section 7 of the Housing Rents and
Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
13. In section 31 of the 1971 Act (recovery from landlord of sums
paid in excess of recoverable rent, etc.), after the words " this Part
of this Act " , in subsections (1) and ( 4 ) of that section, there shall
be inserted in each case the words " or sections 7, 8 and 9 of the
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 " .
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c. 28 1151
14. In section 43 of the 1971 Act ( amount to be registered as
SCH. 2
rent ) , as amended by section 40 of the 1972 Act ( certain amounts
to be separately noted in register ), for subsections (1A ) and (1B )
there shall be substituted the following subsections-
" (1A ) Subject to subsection ( 1B) below, there shall be noted
separately on the register the amount, if any, of the registered
rent which, in the opinion of the rent officer or rent assessment
committee, is fairly attributable to each of the following-
( a ) the use of furniture ;
( b ) the provision of services ;
( c ) the use of part of the premises comprised in adwelling-
house as a shop or office or for business, trade or
professional purposes.
(1B ) There shall not be noted on the register under subsection
(1A ) above any amount which in the opinion of the rent officer
or rent assessment committee is less than 5 per cent . of the
registered rent . ".
15. In section 43( 3) ( a ) of the 1971 Act ( treatment of rates borne
by landlord ), after the words " of this Act " there shall be inserted
the words 66
or section 7 of the Housing Rents and Subsidies
( Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
16. In Schedule 6 to the 1971 Act ( applications for registration of
rents ), in paragraph 15, as added in terms of paragraph 28 of
Schedule 9 to the 1972 Act, at the end there shall be added the
words " and any amount to be recorded in the register in pursuance
of paragraph 2( 2) of Schedule 2 to the Housing Rents and Subsidies
( Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
17. In Part III of the Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971, 1971 с. 40.
in paragraph 3(1) ( c ), as added in terms of paragraph 31( 3) of
Schedule 9 to the 1972 Act, for the words from " Schedule 13 " to
" 1972 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 2 to the
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
18. In section 42( 3) of the 1972 Act (requirements as respects rent
agreements), after paragraph ( b) there shall be added the following
paragraph-
" ( bb ) the agreement contains a statement that, if a rent is
registered under Part IV of the Act of 1971 in respect of
the dwelling - house, any increase in the rent may be phased
under section 7 of the Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scot-
land ) Act 1975 ; "
and in paragraph ( c ), for the words " statement mentioned in para-
graph (b ) " there shall be substituted the words "statements
mentioned in paragraphs ( b) and (bb) ".
19. In section 45 of the 1972 Act ( failure to comply with pro-
visions of rent agreements ), in subsections ( 1) and ( 2 ) , for the words
"43 or 44" there shall ( in each case ) be substituted the words
"ог 43 "
F4
1152 SCH. 2 Section 15.
1966 с. 49.
1968 с. 31.
1972 с. 46.
1969 с. 34.
c.28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
20. In Schedule 3 to the 1972 Act (rent rebates and allowances),
in paragraph 15(1) (b) for the words from " Schedule 13 " to the end
of head ( b) there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 2 to the
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975. "
SCHEDULE 3
MISCELLANEOUS AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966
1. Section 195 ( default powers of Secretary of State in relation to
rents ) shall cease to have effect.
The Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1968
2. In section 58 ( power of Secretary of State to reduce, suspend
or discontinue housing subsidies ), at the end of paragraph ( aa ) of
subsection (3) , as inserted by section 73 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972, there shall be added the words " or
under the Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland) Act 1975 ".
The Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969
3. In section 62 ( increase of rents of houses belonging to certain
authorities without notice of removal) -
( 1) For existing subsections (1) and ( 2 ) there shall be
substituted the following subsections-
" (1) Subject to subsections ( 2 ) and (3) of this section,
where a house belonging to an authority to which this
section applies is let for any period, it shall be an
implied term of the tenancy that the rent payable to the
authority under the tenancy may, without the tenancy
being terminated , be increased with effect from any day
of the tenancy by a written notice of increase given by
the authority to the tenant not less than four weeks
before that day.
( 2) Where an authority to which this section applies
gives under subsection (1) of this section a notice of
increase which is to be operative as from any day and
the tenancy continues beyond that day, it shall be an
implied term of the tenancy that the notice shall never-
theless not have effect if the tenancy is terminated by a
notice of removal given by the tenant, and-
( a ) the notice of removal is given before the end of
the period of two weeks following the date on
which the notice of increase is given, or such
longer period as may be allowed by the notice
of increase ; and
( b ) the date on which the tenancy is made to ter-
minate is not later than 4 weeks after the date
on which the notice of removal is given ;
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 28 1153
and the tenant shall be entitled to give a notice of
SCH. 3
removal in conformity with paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) above
notwithstanding the provisions express or implied of the
tenancy. ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 6 ), for the words " section 379(1) of the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 " there shall be sub- 1947 с. 43.
stituted the words " section 235(1) of the Local Government 1973 с. 65.
( Scotland ) Act 1973. " .
The Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971
4. In section 5 ( cases excluded from protected or statutory
tenancies), after subsection ( 5 ) the following subsection shall be
inserted: -
" (5A) A tenancy shall not be a protected tenancy at any
time when the interest of the landlord under the tenancy
belongs to a housing co-operative, as defined in section 5
of the Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975
( agreements for exercise by housing co-operatives of local
authority housing functions) and the dwelling-house is com-
prised in an agreement to which that section applies or in a
similar agreement between the co-operative and the Scottish
Special Housing Association. " .
5. In section 48 ( rent limit for controlled tenancies), after " this
Part of this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or of section 10
of the Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland) Act 1975 ".
1971 с. 28.
The Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
1972 с. 46.
6. In section 16 (rent allowances), after subsection ( 5) the follow-
ing subsection shall be inserted :
" (5A) A person is also a private tenant if he occupies a
house let to him by a housing co-operative, as defined in
section 5 of the Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland) Act
1975 (agreements for exercise by housing co -operatives of local
authority housing functions) and his tenancy would be a
protected tenancy but for section 5( 5A ) of the Rent ( Scotland)
Act 1971.".
7. In section 78( 3) ( houses to which the housing revenue account
relates), after the word " accommodation " there shall be inserted
the words " (including houses subject to an agreement between a
local authority and a housing co-operative under section 5 of
the Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 ) " .
8. In Schedule 2 ( computation of rent rebates and allowances),
after paragraph 17, as amended by section 12 ( 5) of the Rent Act 1974 1974 с. 51 .
( computationof allowances where tenant is student in receipt of award
or grant ), there shall be added the following paragraph-
" Extension of paragraph 17( 3) to (5) to rebates
17A. The provisions of paragraph 17( 3) to ( 5) above shall apply
for the purpose of computing the amount of a rebate as they
apply for the purpose ofcomputing the amount of an allowance. "
1154 c.28
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland )Act 1975
SCH. 3
1973 с. 56.
1974 c. 44 .
1966 с. 49.
The Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973
9. In section 27 ( right to home loss payments where person
displaced from dwelling ) -
( 1) For paragraph (d ) of subsection (1) there shall be sub-
stituted the following paragraph-
" ( d ) the carrying out of any improvement to the dwelling
or of redevelopment on the land by a housing associa-
tion which has previously acquired the land and at
the date of the displacement is registered,".
( 2 ) At the end of subsection ( 2 ) there shall be added ( but
not as part of paragraph (b)) the words " and in a case
within subsection ( 1)(d ) above, unless the displacement occurred
on or after 31st July 1974 (on which date the Housing Act 1974
was passed ) . " .
( 3) At the beginning of subsection (9) there shall be inserted
the words " Subject to subsection (2) above,".
10. In section 34 ( disturbance payments for persons without
compensatable interests)
(1) For paragraph ( d ) of subsection (1 ) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
" (d ) the carrying out of any improvement to a house
or building on the land or of redevelopment on the
land by a housing association which has previously
acquired the land and at the date of the displacement is
registered, " .
( 2 ) At the end of subsection ( 2 )(c) there shall be added the
following paragraph-
" ( d ) in a case within subsection ( 1)(d ) above, unless the
displacement occurred on or after 31st July 1974
( on which date the Housing Act 1974 was passed ). ".
( 3 ) At the beginning of subsection ( 9) there shall be inserted
the words " Subject to subsection ( 2)(d ) above," .
11. In section 80(1) (general interpretation ) the following defini-
tions shall be inserted in the appropriate places-
66 housing association " has the meaning assigned to it by section
208(1) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
" registered ", in relation to a housing association, means
registered in the register of housing associations estab-
lished under section 13 of the Housing Act 1974 ;
The Housing Act 1974
12. In subsection ( 5 ) (a ) of section 7 (borrowing powers of Hous-
ing Corporation ), for the words " the day appointed for the coming
into operation of this Part of this Act " there shall be substituted
the words " 18th September 1974 ( on which date the said section 9
was repealed ) ".
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .28 1155
13. In section 17 of the Housing Act 1974 ( loans and grants
SCH. 3
limited to registered housing associations), at the end there shall 1974 с. 44.
be added the following subsection-
" (5) Nothing in subsection (1 )(b) above shall prevent a local
authority from making loans under section 152(2)(a) of the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 to an unregistered self- build society,
as defined in section 12 above, for the purpose of enabling
it to meet the whole or any part of any expenditure incurred
or to be incurred by it in carrying out its objects. ".
14. In section 119( 3) of the Housing Act 1974 (option mortgages),
for the word " section ", in the second place where it occurs, there
shall be substituted the word " subsection " .
15. Sections 109 to 116 of the Housing Act 1974 and Schedule
10 thereto shall cease to have effect as respects Scotland.
16. After section 116 of the Housing Act 1974 there shall be
added the following section-
" Provisions 116A. (1) Schedule 10A to this Act shall have
for Scotland effect for the purpose of making provision for Scotland
in place of
sections 110
in relation to the matters dealt with in sections 110 to
to 116 and
112 and 114 to 116 of this Act and Schedule 10
Schedule 10.
thereto.
( 2 ) This section shall come into operation on 16th
May 1975." .
17. In section 131 of the Housing Act 1974 ( short title, extent,
etc.), in subsection ( 5), after " 108 " there shall be inserted " 110
to 116 " , and in subsection (6 ), for the words " Section 107 of this
Act extends " there shall be substituted the words " Sections 107
and 116A of this Act extend " .
18. After Schedule 10 to the Housing Act 1974 there shall be
inserted the following Schedule-
" SCHEDULE 10A
PROVISIONS FOR SCOTLAND IN PLACE OF SECTIONS
110 ΤΟ 116 AND SCHEDULE 10
PART I
CONSENT TO DEMOLITION OF LISTED BUILDINGS
IN HOUSING ACTION AREAS, ETC.
Buildings subject to compulsory purchase orders
for demolition subsequently listed
1.- (1) In this paragraph, references to a compulsory purchase
order are to a compulsory purchase order made, before or
after the coming into operation of this paragraph, under the
provisions of-
( a ) Part III of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966, or
( b) Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969, or
1966 с. 49.
1969 с. 34.
1156 c .28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1974 с. 45.
1972 с. 52.
1845 с. 19.
(c ) Part II of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974,
in so far ( as respects such an order made under the said Act
of 1969 or 1974) as the order relates to a building acquired
for demolition under those provisions.
( 2 ) Where a building to which a compulsory purchase order
applies is ( at any time after the making of the order ) included
in a list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest
under section 52 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland )
Act 1972 or under any corresponding enactment repealed by that
Act , the local authority making the order or its successor in
the exercise of its functions relating to the order may, subject
to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, apply to the Secretary of State
( and only to him) under section 53 of the said Act of 1972
for consent to the demolition of the building.
( 3) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
paragraph (2) above after the expiry of the period of three
months beginning with the date on which-
( a ) the building is included on the said list, or
( b ) this paragraph comes into operation,
whichever is the later.
( 4 ) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect where-
( a ) an application for consent has been made under the
said section 53, by virtue of sub-paragraph (2) above,
and has been refused, or
( b) the period of three months mentioned in sub-paragraph
( 3) above has expired without the authority having
made such an application,
and in this paragraph " relevant date " means the date of
the refusal or, as the case may be, of the expiry of the period
of three months.
( 5 ) If, at the relevant date-
( a ) the building has not vested in the authority, and
( b ) no notice to treat has been served by the authority
under section 17 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation
( Scotland ) Act 1845, in respect of any interest in the
building ,
the compulsory purchase order shall cease to have effect in
relation to the building and, where applicable, the building
shall cease to be comprised-
( i ) in the case of an order referred to in sub-paragraph
(1)(a) above, in a clearance area ;
( ii) in the case of an order referred to in sub-paragraph
(1)(b) above, in a housing treatment area ;
( iii ) in the case of an order referred to in sub-paragraph
(1) (c) above, in a housing action area.
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .28 1157
( 6 ) Where a compulsory purchase order ceases to have effect,
SCH. 3
by virtue of sub-paragraph (5) above, in relation to a house
which does not meet the tolerable standard, the authority
concerned shall, in respect of the house, forthwith-
( a ) serve a notice under section 24 of the Housing (Scotland ) 1969 c. 34.
Act 1969 (power of local authority to secure repair
of house in state of serious disrepair), or
(b ) make a closing order under Part II of the Housing 1966 c. 49.
( Scotland ) Act 1966,
whichever is appropriate.
(7 ) Where sub-paragraph (5) above does not apply, the
authority shall cease to be subject to the duty imposed by
the enactment specified in head (a), (b) or (c ) of sub-paragraph
(1) above to demolish the building, and in relation to any
interest in the building which at the relevant date has not
vested in the authority the compulsory purchase order shall
have effect as if-
(a ) in the case of a house, it had been made and confirmed
under Part VII of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966,
and
( b) in any other case, it had been made and confirmed
1972 с. 52.
under Part VI of the Town and Country Planning
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
( 8) If the building, or any interest in the building, was vested
in the authority at the relevant date, it shall be treated-
( a ) in the case of a house, as appropriated to the purposes
of Part VII of the said Act of 1966, and
( b) in any other case, as appropriated to the purposes
of Part VI of the said Act of 1972.
( 9) As respects a building falling within sub-paragraph (2)
above, where no notice to treat has, at the date on which the
building is included in the list referred to in that sub-paragraph, 1845 c. 19.
been served under section 17 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation
( Scotland) Act 1845, the authority shall not serve such a notice
until after the relevant date.
( 10 ) In this paragraph and in paragraphs 2 and 3 below,
unless the context otherwise requires-
" housing treatment area " means an area defined under
section 4(1) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 ;
" housing action area " means an area defined under section
15 or 17 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ;
1974 с. 45.
and other expressions which are also used in the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 have the same meanings as in that Act.
Buildings acquired by agreement for demolition
subsequently listed
2.- (1) Where any of the enactments specified in paragraph
1(1) above applies to a building purchased by a local authority
by agreement , and at any time ( before or after the coming
1158 c . 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland )Act 1975
SCH. 3
1972 с. 52.
1966 с. 49.
into operation of this paragraph ) the building is included in a
list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest
under section 52 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland )
Act 1972 or under any corresponding enactment repealed by that
Act, the authority or its successor in the exercise of the powers
conferred by the enactments specified in paragraph 1(1) above
may, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, apply to the Secretary
of State ( and only to him ) under the said section 53 for consent
to the demolition of the building.
( 2 ) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
paragraph (1) above after the expiry of the period of three
months beginning with the date on which-
(a ) the building is included on the said list, or
( b) this paragraph comes into operation,
whichever is the later.
( 3) Where-
( a ) an application for consent has been made under the
said section 53, by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 1) above,
and has been refused, or
( b) the period of three months mentioned in sub-paragraph
( 2 ) above has expired without the authority having
made such an application,
the authority shall cease to be subject to the duty imposed
by the enactment specified in head ( a), (b) or (c ) of paragraph
1( 1) above to demolish the building, which shall be treated-
(i ) in the case of a house, as appropriated to the purposes
of Part VII of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966,
and
( ii ) in any other case, as appropriated to the purposes of
Part VI of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland )
Act 1972.
1969 с. 34.
Residual cases where buildings subject to
clearance orders are subsequently listed
3.- (1 ) Where a building, to which a clearance order made
under Part III of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 continues
( by virtue of Schedule 5 to the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969)
to apply , is, at any time after the confirmation of the order,
included in a list of buildings of architectural or historic interest
under section 52 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland )
Act 1972 or under any corresponding enactment repealed by
that Act, the local authority making the order or its successor
in the exercise of its functions relating to the order may, subject
to sub-paragraph (2) below, apply to the Secretary of State ( and
only to him ) under section 53 of the said Act of 1972 for
consent to the demolition of the building .
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c. 28 1159
( 2 ) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
SCH. 3
paragraph (1) above after the expiry of the period of three
months beginning with the date on which-
(a ) the building is included in the said list, or
(b ) this paragraph comes into operation,
whichever is the later.
( 3 ) Where-
(a ) an application for consent has been made under the
said section 53, by virtue of sub-paragraph (1 ) above,
and has been refused, or
( b ) the period of three months mentioned in sub- paragraph
( 2 ) above has expired without the authority having
made such an application,
the building shall cease to be comprised in a clearance area
and to be subject to the clearance order.
( 4 ) Where a house, which does not meet the tolerable standard,
ceases to be included in a clearance area by virtue of sub-
paragraph ( 3) above, the authority concerned shall, in respect
of the building, forthwith-
(a ) serve a notice under section 24 of the Housing 1969 c. 34.
( Scotland ) Act 1969 (power of local authority to secure
repair of house in state of serious disrepair), or
( b) make a closing order under Part II of the Housing 1966 c. 49.
( Scotland ) Act 1966,
whichever is appropriate.
( 5 ) Where a payment in respect of a house has been made
by a local authority under section 49 of the said Act of 1966,
in connection with a clearance order, and by virtue of this
paragraph the house is excluded from the clearance area, then,
if the person to whom the payment was made is entitled to
an interest in the house he shall, subject to sub-paragraph (6 )
below, repay the payment on demand to the authority or to
its successor as aforesaid.
( 6 ) No repayment shall be required by virtue of sub-paragraph
( 5 ) above in a case where the authority have made a closing
order in respect of the house and-
( a ) no appeal has, within the time allowed, been made
against the making of the order, or
( b) such an appeal has been made and has failed.
PART II
REHABILITATION ORDERS
Application and effect of rehabilitation orders
4 .- (1) This Part of this Schedule applies to any house
which-
( a ) is included in a clearance area under Part III of the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966, or
1160 c .28
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH . 3
1969 с. 34.
1947 с. 42.
(b ) is included in a housing treatment area under Part 1
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969, where the resolu-
tion for the area provides for the demolition of the
house,
being a house which-
(i ) has been purchased by agreement or compulsorily at
any time before 2nd December 1974 under section
38 of the said Act of 1966 or section 7 of the said
Act of 1969 ( provisions regarding acquisition of land
in such areas), or
(ii ) is subject to a compulsory purchase order which was
made under the said section 38 or under the said
section 7 ( but not confirmed ) before 2nd December
1974 and which, before 2nd March 1975, has been
confirmed in accordance with Schedule 3 to the said
Act of 1966 or (as the case may be ) in accordance
with Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 as
applied by the said section 7, or
( iii ) has been included in the area by virtue of section 41
of the said Act of 1966 or section 9 of the said Act
of 1969 (land already belonging to the local authority ) .
( 2 ) Where any house to which this Part of this Schedule
applies in terms of sub-paragraph (1) above does not comply
with the full standard as defined in paragraph 13 below and,
in the opinion of the local authority, it is capable of being
and ought to be improved to that standard, the authority
may make and submit to the Secretary of State an order (in this
Part of this Schedule referred to as a " rehabilitation order ")
in relation to the house.
( 3) In addition to applying to any house to which this Part
of this Schedule applies in terms of sub-paragraph (1) above,
a rehabilitation order may, if the local authority think fit,
be made to apply to any other relevant land, as defined in
paragraph 13 below.
( 4 ) On the date on which a rehabilitation order becomes
operative, the local authority shall cease to be subject to any
duty, to demolish or secure the demolition of buildings on
any land included in the order, imposed by Part III of the
said Act of 1966 or Part I of the said Act of 1969.
( 5) Where by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above a local
authority are freed from the duty to demolish or secure the
demolition of a house which does not comply with the full
standard, the authority shall take such steps as are necessary-
(a ) to bring the house up to the full standard, or
(b ) where it is not vested in the authority, to ensure that
it is brought up to that standard.
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c. 28 1161
( 6 ) A local authority may accept undertakings for the pur-
pose of sub-paragraph (5) (b) above from the owner of a house,
or any other person who has or will have an interest in a
house, concerning works to be carried out to bring it up to
the full standard and the time within which they are to be
carried out.
SCH. 3
Miscellaneous provisions relative to rehabilitation orders
5. Where the owner of a house to which this Part of this
Schedule applies in terms of paragraph 4 (1) above, and which
does not comply with the full standard, requests the local
authority to make a rehabilitation order in respect of the house,
and the authority refuse to make the order, they shall give him
in writing their reasons for so refusing.
6. Where a local authority have made a rehabilitation order
they shall not, until after the date on which the order becomes
operative or on which confirmation of the order is refused,
(a ) serve notice to treat, under section 17 of the Lands 1845 c. 19.
Clauses Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1845, in
respect of any land included in a compulsory purchase
order made and confirmed by virtue of section 38
of the said Act of 1966 or section 7 of the said Act
of 1969 which includes notice land as defined in
paragraph 13 below ; or
(b) demolish, without the consent of the Secretary of State,
any building on notice land.
7.- (1 ) Where-
(a ) land included in a compulsory purchase order, made
and confirmed by virtue of the said section 38 or
the said section 7, is comprised in a rehabilitation
order , and
( b) the rehabilitation order becomes operative in respect
of that land, and
( c ) no interest in the land has vested in the local authority
before the date on which the rehabilitation order
becomes operative, and
( d ) neither the local authority nor a previous local authority
entitled to serve a notice to treat in respect of any
interest in the land under section 17 of the said Act
of 1845 have done so before that date,
the compulsory purchase order shall cease to have effect in
relation to that land on that date, and if the land is included
in a clearance area or housing treatment area, it shall cease
tobe so included.
( 2 ) On and after the date on which a rehabilitation order
becomes operative, in a case where sub-paragraph (1) above
does not apply in relation to an area of land comprised in
that order, any compulsory purchase order relating to that land
1162 c . 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1972 с. 52.
and confirmed by virtue of the said section 38 or the said
section 7 shall have effect in relation to any interest in that
land which at the said date was not vested in the authority--
( a ) in so far as it relates to a house, as if it had been
made and confirmed under Part VII of the said Act
of 1966, and
( b) in so far as it relates to land other than a house,
as if it had been made and confirmed under Part VI
of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act
1972.
( 3) Where a rehabilitation order becomes operative in respect
of an area of land and any interest in that land is vested in
the local authority at the date when the order becomes
operative-
( a ) any such interest in a house shall be treated as
appropriated to the purposes of Part VII of the said
Act of 1966, and
(b ) any such interest in land other than a house shall be
treated as appropriated to the purposes of Part VI
of the said Act of 1972.
8. A rehabilitation order may be made and confirmed not-
withstanding that the effect of the order in excluding any land
from a clearance area or from a housing treatment area is to
sever that area into two or more parts ; and in any such case
the provisions applicable to the area in Part III of the said Act
of 1966 or in Part I of the said Act of 1969, relating to the
effect of a compulsory purchase order when confirmed and to
the proceedings to be taken after confirmation of such an order,
shall apply as if those parts formed one clearance area or
housing treatment area, as the case may be.
Procedure for making and confirming rehabilitation orders
9. A rehabilitation order shall be made in the prescribed
form and shall describe, by reference to a map-
( a) the houses to which, in terms of paragraph 4(1) above,
it applies, and
( b ) the other land to which, in terms of paragraph 4( 3)
above, it applies.
10.- (1) Before submitting a rehabilitation order to the
Secretary of State for confirmation , the local authority, except
in so far as the Secretary of State directs otherwise-
( a ) shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating
within their district a notice in the prescribed form
stating that such an order has been made and describ-
ing the land to which it applies, and naming a place
where a copy of the order and its accompanying map
may be seen at all reasonable hours, and
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland )Act 1975 c.28 1163
( b ) shall serve on any such person as is specified in sub-
paragraph ( 2 ) below a notice in the prescribed form
stating-
( i ) the effect of the rehabilitation order,
(ii ) that it is about to be submitted to the Secretary
of State for confirmation, and
(iii ) the time within which and the manner in
which objections to the order can be made.
( 2 ) The persons mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 )(b) above
are-
SCH. 3
( a ) every person on whom notice was served of the making
by virtue of section 38 of the said Act of 1966 or
section 7 of the said Act of 1969 of any compulsory
purchase order which, at the date of its confirmation.
included any land subsequently comprised in the
rehabilitation order ;
( b ) every successor in title of such a person ;
( c ) every owner, lessee and occupier of the relevant land
other than a tenant for a month or a period less
than a month ;
( d ) creditors in heritable securities over relevant land, so
far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such
persons ; and
(e) every person on whom notice would have been required
tobe served under head ( c) or ( d ) above whose interest
has been acquired under the said section 38 since
the clearance area was declared to be such an area
or ( as the case may be ) under the said section 7 since
the housing treatment area was declared to be such
an area.
( 3) A notice under this paragraph shall be accompanied
by a statement of the grounds on which the local authority
are seeking confirmation of the rehabilitation order.
( 4 ) A notice under this paragraph shall be served in accord-
ance with section 5( 3) of and paragraph 19 of Schedule 1 to
the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure ) ( Scotland) 1947 c. 42
Act 1947.
11.- (1) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons
on whom notices are to be served under paragraph 10 above,
or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Secretary of
State may confirm the order with or without modifications.
( 2 ) If any objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Secretary
of State, before confirming the order, shall cause a public
local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom an
objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity
of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by
the Secretary of State for the purpose.
1164 c. 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH . 3
1947 с. 42.
( 3) After considering any objection not withdrawn and the
report of the person who held the inquiry or of the person
appointed under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above, the Secretary of
State may confirm the order with or without modifications.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may require any person who has
made an objection to state the grounds of the objection in
writing, and may disregard the objection if he is satisfied that
it relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by
the tribunal by whom any compensation is to be assessed.
( 5) The Secretary of State's power to modify a rehabilitation
order includes power, subject to sub-paragraph ( 6 ) below, to
extend it to any notice land.
( 6 ) The Secretary of State shall not extend the application
of a rehabilitation order to any land unless he has served on
the following persons, namely-
( a ) the local authority who made the rehabilitation order,
( b) every owner, lessee and occupier of that land, except
a tenant for a month or a period less than a month,
and
( c ) so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such
persons, on the creditor in every heritable security
over any such land,
a notice stating the effect of his proposals, and has afforded
them an opportunity to make their views known.
12. Paragraphs 6, 15 and 16 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisi-
tion of Land ( Authorisation Procedure ) (Scotland) Act 1947
( notification, challenge of validity and date of operation of
orders) shall apply in relation to rehabilitation orders as if-
( a ) any reference to a compulsory purchase order were
a reference to a rehabilitation order and any reference
to compulsory purchase were a reference to rehabilita-
tion under this Part of this Act ;
( b) any reference to the acquiring authority were a reference
to the local authority ;
( c ) the reference in the said paragraph 6 to paragraph 3 of
that Schedule were a reference to paragraph 10 of this
Schedule ;
( d ) the reference in the said paragraph 15 to any such
enactment as is mentioned in section 1(1) of that Act
were a reference to this Part of this Schedule ;
(e) the references in the said paragraph 15 to any require-
ment of that Act and to any requirement of that
Schedule thereof were references to any requirement
of this Part of this Schedule and of any provision of
that Act ( or that Schedule, as the case may be) applic-
able to the rehabilitation order ;
( f ) the references in the said paragraphs 15 and 16 to a
certificate under Part III of that Schedule were deleted.
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 28 1165
Interpretation of this Part of this Schedule
SCH. 3
13.- (1) In this Part of this Schedule, unless the context
otherwise requires-
" clearance area " means a clearance area under Part III
of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
1966 с. 49.
" full standard ", in relation to a house, means the standard
of a house which-
( a ) meets the tolerable standard ;
( b ) is in a good state of repair ( disregarding the
state of internal decorative repair ) having regard to
the age, character and locality of the house ; and
( c ) is provided with all of the standard
amenities ;
" house " has the same meaning as in the Housing (Scotland )
Act 1966 ;
" "
housing treatment area means a housing treatment area
under Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 ;
1969 с. 34.
" local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
" notice land " means land in relation to which a notice is
to be served under paragraph 10 above ;
" relevant land " means-
( a ) land in the clearance area or housing treatment
area ( as the case may be ), including land which has
been included in that area by virtue of section 41 of
the said Act of 1966 or section 9 of the said Act of
1969 ( land already belonging to the local authority) ;
or
( b ) land surrounded by or adjoining that area,
which the local authority or a previous local authority
entitled to purchase the land under section 37 of
the said Act of 1966 or under section 6 of the said
Act of 1969 have determined to purchase (whether
or not it has been so purchased) ;
" standard amenities " and " tolerable standard " have the
same meanings as in the Housing (Scotland) Act 1974. 1974 с. 45.
( 2) The references to the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 in
section 197 of that Act (power to prescribe forms, etc.) shall
include references to this Part of this Schedule.
PART III
APPLICATION OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO COMPENSATION
ON COMPULSORY PURCHASE, ETC. , TO CASES UNDER
PART I OR PART II OF THIS SCHEDULE
Compensation
14 .- (1) It is hereby declared that where, under Part I or
II of this Schedule, a compulsory purchase order is to be treated
1166 c .28
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1972 с. 52.
1966 с. 49.
1969 с. 34.
1974 с. 45.
1947 с. 42.
as made under Part VII of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966
or Part VI of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act
1972, compensation for the compulsory acquisition of the land
comprised in the compulsory purchase order is to be assessed
in accordance with the provisions applying to a compulsory
acquisition under the said Part VII ( or, as the case may be,
the said Part VI ).
( 2) Where, under Part I or II of this Schedule, land or any
interest in land within any area is to be treated as appropriated
by a local authority to the purposes of the said Part VII, com-
pensation for its compulsory acquisition shall ( where it increases
the amount ) be assessed or re -assessed in accordance with the
provisions applying to a compulsory acquisition under the said
Part VII.
( 3) Where, under paragraph 2 of Part I of this Schedule, or
under Part II thereof, any interest in land acquired by a local
authority by agreement (after the declaration of a clearance
area , housing treatment area or housing action area which relates
to that land ) is to be treated as appropriated for the purposes
of the said Part VII-
( a ) compensation shall ( where sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above
would have increased the amount ) be assessed and
paid as if the acquisition were a compulsory acquisition,
under Part III of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966,
Part I of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 or Part II
of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 (as the case may
be ), to which the said sub- paragraph ( 2) applied ; but
( b) there shall be deducted from the amount of compensa-
tion so payable any amount previously paid in respect
of the acquisition of that interest by the authority.
( 4 ) Where sub-paragraph ( 2) or ( 3) above applies, the local
authority shall serve on the person entitled to the compensation
a notice in the prescribed form giving particulars of the amount
of compensation payable in accordance with the provisions
applying to a compulsory acquisition under the said Part VII,
and if the person served does not, within twenty-one days from
service of the notice, accept the particulars, or if he disputes
the amount stated, the question of disputed compensation shall
be referred to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland.
( 5 ) The notice shall be served not later than six months
after-
( a ) the relevant date, as defined in paragraph 1( 4 ) of this
Schedule, or
( b ) the date on which the rehabilitation order becomes
operative for the purposes of Part II of this Schedule,
( as the case may be ), and paragraph 19 of Schedule 1 to the
Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure ) ( Scotland) Act
1947 (service of notices ) shall apply to the notice.
Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c. 28 1167
( 6 ) Sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall be left out of account in
SCH. 3
considering whether, under sections 117 and 118 of the Lands 1845 с. 19.
Clauses Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1845, compensation has
beenproperly paid for the land; and accordingly sub- paragraph
( 2 ) above shall not prevent an acquiring authority from remain-
ing inundisputed possession of the land.
(7 ) Where sub-paragraph (2 ) above makes an increase in
compensation to be assessed in accordance with sections 56 to
60 and 63 of the said Act of 1845 ( absent and untraced owners) -
( a ) a notarial instrument executed under section 76 of that
Act before the latest date for service of a notice under
sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above shall not be invalid because
the increase in compensation has not been paid, and
( b ) it shall be the duty of the local authority, not later
than six months after the said date, to proceed under
the said sections and pay the proper additional amount
into the bank.
( 8) Any sum payable by virtue of this paragraph shall carry
interest at the rate prescribed under section 40 of the Land 1963 c. 51 .
Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1963 from the time of entry by
the local authority on the land, or from vesting of the land or
interest, whichever is the earlier, until payment.
( 9) In this paragraph, references to an increase in compensa-
tion shall be read as if any payments under-
( a ) section 49 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966, section
1966 с. 49.
11 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 or section 30
1969 с. 34.
of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ( payments in 1974 c. 45.
respect of well-maintained houses and payments to
owner-occupiers),
( b) section 160 of the said Act of 1966 or section 38 of
the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1963 (allow-
ances to persons displaced),
( c ) sections 18 to 20 of the said Act of 1969 (payments to
owner-occupiers and others in respect of unfit houses
purchased or demolished ), and
( d ) section 34 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56.
1973 (disturbance payments for persons without com-
pensatable interests),
were, to the extent that they were made to the person in question,
compensation in respect of the compulsory purchase.
(10 ) In this paragraph, " prescribed " means prescribed
under section 197 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 , and
the references to that Act in that section shall include references
to this paragraph.
1168 SCH. 3
1845 с. 19.
1974с.44.
c. 28
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975
Extension of time limits for exercising powers
under certain compulsory purchase orders
15. In section 116 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scot-
land ) Act 1845 ( time limits for exercising powers under com-
pulsory purchase orders ), there shall be added at the end ( in
substitution for the words originally added by section 116 of this
Act ) the following paragraph-
"For the purposes of this section no account shall be
taken of any period during which an authority are, by
virtue of Schedule 10A to the Housing Act 1974 ( which
relates among other things to buildings in clearance or
housing treatment or housing action areas), prevented from
serving notice to treat under section 17 of this Act . ".".
19. In Schedule 14 to the Housing Act 1974, in paragraph 2( b)
( transitional provision concerning loans by the Housing Corporation ),
for " ( c) " there shall be substituted " ( e) ".
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 28 1169
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Section15.
Chapter
1966с. 49.
1971 с. 41.
1972 с. 46.
Short Title
The Housing (Scotland )
Act1966.
The Rent ( Scotland ) Act
1971.
The Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972.
Extent of Repeal
Section 195.
Section 79.
Schedule 13 .
In section 3, in subsection (1),
in paragraph ( a ), the word
" and", and paragraph (b);
in subsection ( 2), the words
after " expenditure per
house " ; in subsection ( 4 ), in
paragraph (a ), the word
" and" paragraph ( b), the
words " and the associated
contributionout ofthe general
rate fund, " and column 3 of
the Table; subsections ( 6 ),
( 9 )(c ) and (d ) and (11).
In section 4, in subsection (1),
in paragraph ( a ), the word
" and", and paragraph ( b) ;
in subsection ( 2), the words
“
or associated contribution
out of the general rate fund " ;
in subsection ( 4 ), in para-
66
graph (a ), the word and" ,
and paragraph (b); and in
subsection (5 ), the words
" under section 28 or 29 of
this Act ".
In section 9, in subsection (2),
the words after " expenditure
per house"; and subsection( 7).
Sections 27 to 31 .
Sections 34 and 35.
Sections 37 and 38 .
Section 44.
Section 72.
In section 74, the words from
" Notwithstanding " to
" 1947 ".
Section 76.
In Schedule 4, paragraph
1 ( 1) ( d ); paragraph 1( 5 ); para-
graph 1(6 ); paragraph 2( f) ;
paragraphs 5 and 6.
Schedule 6.
In Schedule 7, paragraphs 9
to 12.
In Schedule 9, paragraph 11.
1170 c .28 Housing Rents and Subsidies ( Scotland )Act 1975
SCH. 4
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1974с.44. The Housing Act 1974. In section 29(1), the words
" other than associations fall-
ing within section 18(1)(b) of
thisAct".
In section 32(1), the words " or
paragraph ( b) ".
Sections 109 to 116 .
Schedule 10.
In Schedule 13, in paragraph
42 (1 )( a), the words from " and
at " to the end of head ( a),
and paragraph 43(1)( b).
NOTE
The repeals in this Schedule relating to sections 3, 4 and 9 of the
1972 Act and to Schedule 4 to that Act have effect only as respects
accounts and payments for the year 1975-76 and later years.
с . 29 1171

Mental Health (Amendment)
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 29
An Act to strengthen the Mental Health Act 1959 to
enable potentially dangerous patients to be detained
in institutions . [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1 ) Where a patient is liable to be detained under the Continued
Mental Health Act 1959 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of detention of
1959 ") in pursuance of an application, order or direction made psychopathic
and
or given by virtue of section 26(2)(a)(i), 60(2), 73(2)(e) or 76(2)(b ) subnormal
of that Act ( cases in which detention is authorised if the patient patients who
is suffering from mental illness or severe subnormality but not if are likely to
he is suffering only from psychopathic disorder or subnormality ) -be dangerous.
( a) the responsible medical officer shall not make a report
1959 с. 72.
under section 38( 1) of that Act (reclassification of
patients) which would have the effect that the only form
or forms of mental disorder specified in relation to the
patient would be psychopathic disorder or subnormality
or both; and
( b ) a Mental Health Review Tribunal shall not give a
direction under section 123( 3) of that Act ( change of
specified mental disorder) which would have that effect,
unless the officer or Tribunal has first considered whether the
patient, if released, would be likely to act in a manner dangerous
1172 c . 29
Mental Health (Amendment) Act 1975
to other persons or to himself ; and if the officer or Tribunal
considers that he would be likely to act as aforesaid, the officer
or Tribunal shall include a statement to that effect in the report
or direction and the authority to detain the patient shall not
terminate by virtue of the report or direction.
( 2 ) Before coming to a decision on the question mentioned in
subsection (1 ) above a Mental Health Review Tribunal shall cause
to be made, and shall take into consideration , a report on that
question by the responsible medical officer; and if the Tribunal
decides that the patient would not be likely to act as mentioned
in that subsection it shall record its decision to that effect.
( 3) Where the authority for the detention of a patient has
continued by virtue of-
( a ) subsection (1) above; or
( b ) section 44( 2 ) of the Act of 1959 ( continued detention
after age of twenty-five of psychopathic or subnormal
patient who is likely to be dangerous),
the responsible medical officer shall not make a report on the
patient under section 43( 3) of the Act ( renewal of authority for
detention ) unless he is of opinion that the patient, if released,
would be likely to act as mentioned in subsection (1) above; and
if he is of that opinion he shall include a statement to that effect
inhis report.
( 4 ) Where a report under section 38 or 43( 3) of the Act of 1959
contains such a statement as is mentioned in subsection (1) or (3)
above, the information to be given to the patient, or to the
patient and his nearest relative, in relation to that report under
section 38( 2) or 43( 6 ) of that Act shall include the information
that such a statement is contained in the report.
( 5 ) Where an application is made to a Mental Health Review
Tribunal by or in respect of a patient who is liable to be detained
by virtue of the inclusion in a report under section 38(1) or 43( 3)
of such a statement as is mentioned in subsection (1) or ( 3) above,
the Tribunal shall direct that the patient be discharged if it is
satisfied that the patient, if released, would not be likely to act
as mentioned in subsection (1 ) above.
( 6 ) Where a report under section 38 or 43( 3) of the Act of 1959
or a direction under section 123( 3) of that Act contains such a
statement as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) or ( 3) above, an order
for discharge shall not be made under section 47 of that Act by
the nearest relative of the patient during the period of six months
beginning with the date of the report or direction.
( 7 ) In this section-
( a ) references to a patient liable to bedetained in pursuance
ofanapplication madeby virtue ofsection 26 ( 2)(a)(i) of
Mental Health (Amendment) Act 1975 c .29
1173
the Act of 1959 include references to a patient who, by
virtue of paragraph 12 of Schedule 6 to that Act, falls
to be treated as if he had been admitted to hospital in
pursuance of an application for admission for treatment
under Part IV of that Act and had been so admitted as
a patient suffering only from mental illness or severe
subnormality;
( b ) the reference to section 44 ( 2 ) of that Act includes a
reference to paragraph 12 ( 3) of that Schedule ; and
( c ) references to other provisions of that Act include
references to those provisions as applied by that
Schedule.
2.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Mental Health (Amend- Short title ,
ment) Act 1975. interpretation,
commence-
( 2 ) Sections 4, 59 and 147 of the Act of 1959 shall apply for ment and
the interpretation of this Act as they apply for the interpretation extent.
of that Act and Part IV thereof .
( 3) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
( 4 ) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland;
and section 154 (2 ) of the Act of 1959 (application to Scilly Isles )
shall have effect as if the provisions of this Act were included in
thatAct.
c . 30 1175

Local
Government
Act
(Scotland
1975
1975 CHAPTER 30
)
AnAct to make further provision as respects local govern-
ment finance in Scotland; to restrict certain grants
under the Transport Act 1968 ; to make provision for the
appointment and functions of a Commissioner for the
investigation of administrative action taken by or on
behalf of local and other authorities ; to make further
provision as respects social work; to make certain
minor amendments of or consequential on the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973; and for connected
purposes. [ 8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
FINANCE
Valuation
1.- (1) The assessor for each valuation area shall, in respect The valuation
of each year of revaluation , make up a valuation roll in the roll and
prescribed form which shall come into force on the first day of revaluation.
the year of revaluation.
( 2) Subject to any alterations to the valuation roll made under
this section and section 2 of this Act, every valuation roll
( including every valuation roll in force for the year 1975-76
1176 1956 с. 60.
c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I
1854 с. 91.
other than the roll made up for that year by the Assessor of
Public Undertakings (Scotland) ( hereinafter in this Act referred
to as " the Assessor ") ) shall remain in force until it is super-
seded by a new valuation roll .
( 3 ) The assessor for each valuation area shall-
( a) make such arrangements as may be necessary to secure
the valuation or revaluation of all lands and heritages
in the area in respect of each year of revaluation in
accordance with the Valuation Acts ;
( b) submit such arrangements to the Secretary of State who
may, after consultation with the Advisory Council,
approve the same with or without modifications ; and
( c ) submit to the Advisory Council an annual report on the
progress of valuation and revaluation in the area and
send a copy of such report to the valuation authority
for the area.
( 4 ) Subject to section 35 of the Lands Valuation ( Scotland )
Act 1854, the assessor for each valuation area shall retain the
valuation roll and shall deliver sufficient copies thereof to the
rating authority for the area.
(5) Every rating authority shall, when copies of the valuation
roll have been delivered to them, cause copies to be open to
inspection until the roll ceases to be in force during ordinary
business hours at their office or at such other convenient place
or places as they may appoint.
( 6) The assessor for any valuation area may as respects that
area, at any time after the valuation roll has been made up and
before the roll has come into force, alter the roll-
( a ) by entering therein any lands and heritages which were
in existence at the time when the roll was made up and
which, owing to error, were not included therein ;
( b) by entering therein any lands and heritages which have
come into existence or occupancy since the roll was
made up ;
( c) to give effect to any alteration in the value of any lands
and heritages which is due to a material change of
circumstances ;
(d ) to correct any error of measurement, survey or classifi-
cation or any clerical or arithmetical error in any entry
therein ;
( e ) by entering therein any lands and heritages which the
Assessor has directed him under section 5 of this Act
so to enter.
( 7 ) In this section " Advisory Council" has the same meaning
as in section 3 of the Valuation and Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1956.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1177
2.- (1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the assessor for any PART I
valuation area shall, as respects that area, at any time while the Alterations to
valuation roll is in force, alter the roll- valuation roll
which is in
( a ) by entering therein any lands and heritages which were force.
in existence at the time when the roll was made up
and which, owing to error, were not included therein ;
( b ) by entering therein any lands and heritages which have
come into existence or occupancy since the roll was
made up ;
( c ) by entering therein any lands and heritages-
( i ) upon their ceasing to be liable to be valued or
revalued by the Assessor under any enactment,
(ii) upon their coming within the assessor's valua-
tion area as a result of a change of the boundaries
of valuation areas ;
( d ) to give effect to any alteration in the value of any lands
and heritages which is due to a material change of
circumstances ;
( e ) to give effect to any alteration in the net annual value
or the rateable value of any lands and heritages in
consequence of the making of an order under section
6( 7) or 7(7) of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) 1956 с. 60.
Act 1956, section 10(2) of the Local Government 1963 c. 12.
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1963 or section
1(1) of the Valuation for Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1970 ; 1970 с. 4.
( to correct any error of measurement, survey or classifica-
tion or any clerical or arithmetical error in any entry
therein;
( g ) by entering therein any lands and heritages which the
Assessor has directed him under section 5 of this Act so
to enter ;
( h ) by deleting therefrom, with effect from such date as the
assessor thinks fit, any lands and heritages which cease
to exist or which, for any other reason, are no longer
appropriate for inclusion in the roll.
( 2) Any alteration to the roll-
( a ) consisting of an entry made under subsection (1)( a)
above, shall have effect only as from the beginning
of the year in which the entry is made ;
( b) consisting of an entry made under subsection ( 1) ( b)
above, shall have effect only as from the date when the
lands and heritages to which the entry relates came into
existence or occupancy, or as from the beginning of
the year in which the entry is made, whichever is the
later;
Part II G
1178 c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I
( c ) made under subsection (1) ( d ) above, shall have effect
only as from the date of the event by reason of which
the alteration is made or as from the beginning of the
year in which the alteration is made, whichever is the
later:
Provided that if the proprietor, tenant or occupier of
the lands and heritages has intimated in writing to the
assessor the event by reason of which a reduction in
value of the lands and heritages is made, or on appeal
the value in the relevant entry has been reduced on
the ground of a material change of circumstances, the
alteration in the roll shall have effect as from the
date of the event or as from the beginning of the year
in which intimation of the event is made, whichever
is the later, or, as the case may be, as from the date
of the material change of circumstances on which the
appeal is grounded or as from the beginning of the
year in which the appeal is lodged, whichever is the
later ;
( d ) consisting of such a correction as is referred to in sub-
section ( 1 ) (f ) above shall have effect only as from the
date when the erroneous entry which is so corrected
was made in the roll or as from the beginning of the
year in which the correction is made, whichever is the
later;
and the date on which any alteration in the roll made under
this section comes into effect shall be stated in the roll.
(3) Where, at any time before an appeal or complaint against
an entry in the valuation roll is determined by a valuation appeal
committee, the parties reach agreement as to what should be
done about the entry, the assessor may without further procedure
make such alteration in the roll as is necessary to give effect to
the agreement.
( 4 ) The assessor for any valuation area may enter in the
valuation roll for the year 1975-76 any lands and heritages which
have come into existence or occupancy between 16th May 1975
and the date when the roll is made up for that year.
Provisions
3.- (1 ) The assessor shall, upon making an alteration in the
supplementary valuation roll under section 1( 6) or 2(1) or ( 3) of this Act, send
to sections 1
and 2. to the rating authority a copy of the relevant entry in the roll or,
as the case may be, notification of deletion of the relevant lands
and heritages from the roll.
( 2) The assessor for each valuation area shall send to each
person who is a proprietor, tenant or occupier of lands and
heritages which are included in the valuation roll a notice in the
prescribed form setting forth the details of the relevant entry
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
in the roll (including such an entry as is referred to in subsection
( 1) above other than an entry made under section 1(6)(e) or
2( 1)( g) of this Act ) ; and any such person, not being a person
who has reached agreement with the assessor as mentioned in
section 2(3) of this Act as to what should be done about the
entry, if he considers himself aggrieved by the entry, may appeal
to the valuation appeal committee for the area in which the
lands and heritages are situated or may obtain redress without
the necessity of such appeal by satisfying the assessor that he
has a well founded ground of complaint.
( 3) The assessor shall, upon altering the valuation roll by
deleting lands and heritages therefrom, notify each person named
in the roll as proprietor, tenant or occupier of those lands and
heritages of the deletion.
( 4) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, the proprietor,
tenant or occupier of lands and heritages which are included
in the valuation roll may at any time while the roll is in force
appeal against the relevant entry but only on the ground that
there has been a material change of circumstances since the
entry was made or that there is such an error in the entry as
is referred to in section 2( 1) ( f ) of this Act ; and, notwithstanding
the definition of " material change of circumstances " as set out
in section 37( 1) of this Act, if in an appeal under this subsection
on the ground of a material change of circumstances it is proved
that there has been a change of circumstances which has
materially reduced the extent to which beneficial occupation
of the lands and heritages can be enjoyed, the appeal shall not
be refused by reason only that the change of circumstances has
not been proved to have affected the value of the lands and
heritages to any specific extent.
( 5 ) Any person interested may at all reasonable times, free
of charge, inspect and take copies of and extracts from any
valuation roll prepared under the Valuation Acts and in the
possession of the assessor ; and an assessor shall, on an applica-
tion made to him by any interested person, inform that person
whether any entry in the valuation roll is subject to a pending
appeal or complaint.
PART I
4.- (1) For the purpose of hearing and determining appeals Valuation
and complaints under the Valuation Acts, a committee or com- appeal
mittees, each of which is to be known as a valuation appeal committees.
committee, shall be constituted for each valuation area in
accordance with a scheme ( " the model scheme " ) made by the
Secretary of State.
( 2) A valuation appeal committee shall consist of members
of a local valuation panel constituted in accordance with the
model scheme and members of the panel shall be appointed by
the sheriff after consultation with such persons as he thinks fit.
G2
1179
1180 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I ( 3) The model scheme may include provision with respect to-
( a) fixing the maximum and minimum number of members
of a local valuation panel and the termination of their
appointment ;
( b ) the appointment of-
(i) one of those members as chairman of the panel,
(ii ) such number of members as the sheriff con-
siders necessary as deputy chairmen thereof, and
(iii) a secretary and, if the sheriff considers it
necessary, an assistant secretary or assistant secre-
taries of the panel ;
( c) fixing the number of valuation appeal committees, the
maximum and minimum number of members of such
a committee and specifying the circumstances in which
such maximum number may be exceeded ;
( d ) the manner in which members of a valuation appeal
committee are to be selected from members of the
panel ;
( e) any other matter as appears to the Secretary of State
to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of the
administration of the model scheme in any valuation
area.
( 4 ) The remuneration and allowances to be paid to the
secretary and any assistant secretary of the panel and their
conditions of employment shall be such as may be agreed
between the valuation authority and the sheriff or, failing agree-
ment, as may be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 5 ) All expenses incurred by a local valuation panel or a
valuation appeal committee shall be defrayed by the valuation
authority .
( 6 ) All members of a local valuation panel shall reside or
be engaged in business or be employed in the valuation area ;
and no person appointed as the secretary or an assistant secre
tary of a panel shall be an officer of a local authority or shall
by himself or by any partner or assistant appear before a
valuation appeal committee for that area.
( 7) A valuation authority may pay reasonable subscriptions,
whether annually or otherwise, to the funds of any association
of members or officers of local valuation panels or valuation
appeal committees formed for the purpose of consultation as to
the common interests of those panels or committees and the dis-
cussion of matters relating to valuation.
( 8) The model scheme shall be contained in an order and
the scheme may with the consent of the Secretary of State be
varied as respects any valuation area by the valuation authority
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1181
and a statutory instrument containing an order under this sub-
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
( 9) The provisions of the Valuation Acts with regard to
appeals and complaints shall, with any necessary modifications,
apply to a committee constituted under this section in like
manner as they applied before 16th May 1957 to a court of
appeal constituted under those Acts.
(10 ) In this section " sheriff " means the sheriff principal and,
in the case of a valuation area situated in more than one sheriff-
dom, means the sheriff principal of such one of those sheriff-
doms as the Secretary of State may direct.
PART I
5.- (1) The Assessor shall-
Valuation
of public
( a ) in respect of each year of revaluation value or revalue undertakings .
all lands and heritages which he is required under any
enactment to value ;
( b) value any lands and heritages which-
(i ) were in existence when he made his valuation
under paragraph ( a) above and which, owing to
error, were not included in that valuation and which
he is required under any enactment to value,
(ii ) have come into existence since he made his
valuation under paragraph (a ) above and which he
is required under any enactment to value,
(iii) were in existence when he made his valuation
under paragraph (a) above but which by or under an
enactment have first fallen to be valued by the
Assessor since he made such valuation ;
( c) value any lands and heritages which-
(i) were in existence on 16th May 1975 and which,
owing to error, were not included in the roll made
up by the Assessor for the year 1975-76 and which
he is required under any enactment to value,
(ii) have come into existence at any time between
16th May 1975 and the beginning of the first year
of revaluation thereafter and which he is required
under any enactment to value,
(iii ) were in existence on 16th May 1975 but
which by or under an enactment have first fallen
to be valued by the Assessor at any time between
that date and the beginning of the first year of
revaluation thereafter.
( 2) The Assessor shall direct the assessor for any valuation
area ( " the local assessor ") containing any lands and heritages
G3
1182 PART I
1963 с. 12.
1854 с. 91.
c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
which the Assessor has valued or revalued under subsection (1)
above to enter those lands and heritages in the valuation roll :
Provided that, where by reason of a material change of cir-
cumstances or in consequence of the making of an order under
section 10(2) of the Local Government (Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1963 there has been an alteration in the rateable
value of any lands and heritages referred to in this subsection
after they have been entered in the valuation roll, the Assessor
shall give a further direction to the local assessor to enter the
altered value of such lands and heritages in the valuation roll .
( 3) Any direction under this section shall state the rateable
value of the lands and heritages to which it relates and give
such other particulars as may be prescribed.
( 4) Any entry made in the valuation roll-
( a ) where the valuation has been made under subsection
( 1 ) (b) (i) or (c) (i) above, shall have effect only as from
the beginning of the year in which the entry is made ;
(b ) where the valuation has been made under subsection
( 1 ) (b) (ii ) or (c) (ii) above, shall have effect only as from
the date when the lands and heritages to which the
entry relates came into existence or as from the begin-
ning of the year in which the entry is made, whichever
is the later ;
( c ) where the valuation has been made under subsection
( 1) (b) (iii) or (c)(iii) above, shall have effect only as
from the coming into effect of the enactment by or
under which the Assessor is required to value the lands
and heritages, or as from the beginning of the year in
which the entry is made, whichever is the later ;
( d ) in pursuance of a further direction given under the
proviso to subsection (2) above, shall have effect only
as from the date of the event by reason of which the
further direction is given or as from the beginning of
the year in which such direction is given, whichever is
the later.
( 5 ) Without prejudice to section 24 of the Lands Valuation
( Scotland ) Act 1854 (appeal against valuation as contained in
direction) and subject to section 26 of that Act (right of appeal
to be forfeited where refusal to answer call by Assessor for
books and writings, etc.), the proprietor, tenant or occupier of
lands and heritages which are included in the valuation roll in
consequence of a direction under this section may at any time
while the roll is in force appeal to the Lands Valuation Appeal
Court against the entry in the roll but only on the ground that
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1183
there has been a material change of circumstances affecting the
PART I
value of the lands and heritages since the entry was made :
Provided that appeal under this subsection shall be competent
only where the proprietor, tenant or occupier has given notice in
writing to the Assessor before lodging the appeal of the material
change of circumstances .
(6) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, no person
may complain or appeal to a valuation appeal committee against
an entry in the valuation roll made in consequence of a direction
under this section.
( 7) The Secretary of State may make regulations providing
for-
( a) the payment of remuneration, pensions, allowances,
gratuities to, or transfer values in respect of, the
Assessor and his clerks and other officers, and the
manner in which such payment is to be financed ;
( b) the terms and conditions of employment of the Assessor
and his clerks and other officers ;
( c ) the amendment or repeal, with or without savings, of
any enactment which is inconsistent with or superseded
by the regulations.
(8) A statutory instrument containing regulations under sub-
section (7) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of Parliament.
6.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order make provision Valuation by
for determining, by such method as may be specified in the order, formula of
the aggregate amount of the rateable values of the lands and certain lands
and heritages.
heritages specified in Schedule 1 to this Act or of any class or
description of such lands and heritages and for the apportionment
of that aggregate amount among local authorities in manner
prescribed by the order.
( 2 ) An order under this section may, if the Secretary of State
thinks fit , provide
( a ) for the aggregate amount referred to in subsection (1)
above to be re- determined in manner prescribed by the
order ; or
( b ) for the apportioned parts of that amount to be varied in
manner so prescribed ;
and, where the order includes such provision as is authorised by
paragraph (a ) above to be included therein, the aggregate amount,
as re - determined in accordance with the order, shall be appor-
tioned among local authorities in like manner as that amount,
as determined by the order, was apportioned.
G4
1184 c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I
Levying of
rates.
Payment
of rates by
instalments.
( 3) An order under this section applying to any lands and
heritages or any class or description of such lands and heritages
may provide for determining rateable value by the application
of different methods of valuation to different parts of the lands
andheritages.
( 4 ) Before making an order under this section the Secretary of
State shall consult with such associations of local authorities or
of persons carrying on undertakings as appear to him to be
concerned and with any local authority or person carrying on
an undertaking with whom consultation appears to him to be
desirable.
( 5) An order under this section may repeal or amend any
enactment so far as that enactment relates to the valuation
of lands and heritages to which the order relates, may as regards
such lands and heritages apply, restrict or modify the enactments
relating to appeals or complaints in connection with the valuation
roll, and shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any such
enactment.
(6) No order under this section shall have effect unless approved
by a resolution of each House of Parliament.
Rating
7.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of any other enactment,
every rate levied by a rating authority for any year shall be
levied in respect of all lands and heritages within the area to
which the rate relates according to the rateable value of the lands
and heritages as appearing in the valuation roll in force at the
beginning of the year in respect of which the rate is levied :
Provided that where during any year the valuation roll has
been altered under section 2 of this Act by inserting a new entry
therein or altering an existing entry, the rate levied for the year
or the part of the year after such alteration takes effect shall
be according to the rateable value of the lands and heritages
concerned as appearing in such new or altered entry.
( 2) Save as provided in any other enactment, every rate levied
upon occupiers of lands and heritages within the area to which
the rate relates shall be at a uniform amount per pound.
8.- (1) Subject to subsections (3)( b) and (7) to (9) below, the
rates chargeable for any year in respect of lands and heritages
shall be payable by monthly instalments during the year in
accordance with subsections ( 2) to (6) below.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, in any case where the rates
chargeable for a year are payable in accordance with sub-
section ( 1 ) above, those rates shall be payable by ten instalments
beginning in the second month and ending in the penultimate
month of the year.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c.30
1185
( 3) Where any person is liable for rates in respect of the
occupation of lands and heritages for part only of a year or
where for any other reason the demand note for any rates in
respect of lands and heritages is not issued until after the end
of the first month of the year, and, in either case, those rates are
payable in accordance with subsection ( 1) above, then-
( a ) if the demand note for the rates is issued before the
beginning of the last quarter of the year, the rates shall
be payable by instalments beginning in the month
following that in which the demand note is issued and
ending in the penultimate month of the year ; and
( b ) in any other case, the rates shall be payable in full
in the month following that in which the demand note
for the rates is issued.
( 4) Where any rates payable by any person in respect of lands
and heritages for a year are payable by monthly instalments in
accordance with subsection ( 1) above then, apart from any
remission of rates on the ground of poverty or inability to pay
granted under section 244 of the Act of 1947 or any rate
rebate granted under the standard scheme referred to in section
112 of the Act of 1973 or under that scheme as varied under
section 114 of that Act and subject to subsection (6) below,
each of those instalments shall be of the same amount except
that the rating authority may round off the amount of any of
those instalments other than either the first or the last to the
nearest 5p and adjust the amount of the first or, as the case may
be, the last of those instalments accordingly.
( 5 ) Except in a case falling within subsection (3)( b) above,
there shall be included in or sent with every demand note for
rates which are payable in accordance with subsection ( 1) above
a statement specifying the total rates due for the year, the dates
on which the monthly instalments of the rates are payable and
the amount of each instalment.
( 6 ) Where, after sending the statement referred to in sub-
section (5) above, the rating authority are satisfied that there has
been, or may be, any change in the amount any person is, or
will be, liable to pay by way of rates in respect of the lands and
heritages in question for the balance of the year to which the
statement relates, the rating authority may by a further state-
ment in writing make such adjustments as they think necessary
in the amounts of the remainder of the instalments to which the
statement referred to in subsection (5) above relates .
( 7 ) The rates shall not be payable in accordance with sub-
section ( 1 ) above in the case of any person who-
(a) has entered into an agreement with the rating authority
to pay the rates otherwise than in accordance with that
subsection ; or
PART I
1186 Collection
of rates by
housing body
onbehalf
of rating authority.
c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I
Restriction
on rates
payable when
valuation
appeal is
pending .
( b ) is liable under any enactment to pay the rates to any
person or authority other than the rating authority.
( 8) If any person liable to pay rates for a year in accordance
with subsection (1) above has not, after the expiry of six months
of that year, paid an amount , in respect of the occupation of
lands and heritages from the beginning of that year, which is
equal to at least the sum of four monthly instalments, he shall be
liable to pay the rates in full for the year or, as the case may be,
thebalance of the year forthwith.
( 9) If any person liable to pay rates for a year in accordance
with subsection ( 1) above is, at any time after the expiry of six
months of that year, in arrears in the payment of not less than
two monthly instalments, he shall be liable to pay the rates in
full for the balance of the year forthwith.
9.-(1 ) Where an appeal under the Valuation Acts is pending
with respect to any lands and heritages, then, notwithstanding
section 7 of this Act, until the appeal is determined the amount
payable in respect of rates levied on those lands and heritages
for the year to which the appeal relates or for any subsequent
year shall be the total amount of rates levied on those lands
and heritages for the year immediately preceding the year in
which the appeal was lodged increased by three-quarters of the
difference between that amount and the amount which would
be payable as aforesaid apart from this subsection :
Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the
rating authority from entering into an agreement with the person
bringing the appeal for the payment by that person, until the
appeal is determined, of such lesser amount than the amount
recoverable under this subsection as may be agreed between
them .
( 2) On the determination of the appeal referred to in sub-
section ( 1) above, the difference, if any, between the amount paid
by virtue of that subsection and the amount which would have
been payable on the rateable valuation as determined in the
appeal shall-
( a ) if an overpayment has been made, be repaid by the
rating authority, and
( b ) if an underpayment has been made, be recovered by the
rating authority as if it were arrears of rates due and
payable to them.
10.-(1 ) A rating authority may make arrangements with any
housing body within their area on such terms and conditions as
may be agreed between them or, failing agreement, as may be
determined by the Secretary of State, for the collection by the
housing body of the rates levied by the rating authority on the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1187
occupiers of lands and heritages let by the housing body ; and
where such arrangements are made the rates shall be payable
to the housing body by instalments along with payments of rent.
(2) Where a rating authority wish to make arrangements
with a housing body under subsection ( 1) above but the housing
body have not agreed to enter into the arrangements, the
Secretary of State may by order, made after consultation with
the rating authority and the housing body, provide that the rating
authority and the housing body shall make such arrangements
in accordance with that subsection.
( 3) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section (2) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4 ) In this section " housing body " means any authority to
which section 118 of the Act of 1973 applies, a development
corporation or the Scottish Special Housing Association.
PARTI
11. For section 233 of the Act of 1947 there shall be substituted Assessment
the following section-
Roll.
"Assessment 233 .-( 1 ) Every rating authority shall make up and
Roll. maintain in such form as may be convenient a roll
called " the assessment roll " containing such
information as the authority require for the purpose
of collecting every rate levied by the authority :
Provided that the Secretary of State may by regu-
lations made under section 111 of the Local Govern- 1973 c. 65.
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973 prescribe information
which the assessment roll shall contain if at any time
he considers this necessary .
(2) The assessment roll shall at all reasonable
times be open to inspection by any person interested
in or liable to pay any rate to which the roll relates ,
and any such person may take extracts therefrom
without payment of any fee.
(3) The rating authority may, at any time before
the expiration of one year after the end of the year
in respect of which any rate is levied, amend the
assessment roll by inserting therein the name of any
person who ought to have been entered therein as
liable in the rate or who since the making up of the
roll has become so liable, or by striking out the
name of any person who according to a written
certificate by the assessor under the Valuation Acts
ought not to have been so entered, or by correcting
the amount of any value or rate which may have
been inaccurately entered, and any such amendment
shall not vitiate the rate or render it less operative.
1188 c .30
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975
PART I
Rate support
grants.
Removal of
limit on
contributions
to local
authorities
under Rural
Water
Supplies and
Sewerage
Act 1944.
1944 с. 26.
Termination
ofcertain
existing grants
for roads
and public
transport.
1909 с. 47.
1968 с. 73.
( 4 ) The production of the assessment roll shall be
received as sufficient evidence of the making and
validity of the rates therein mentioned.".
Grants
12. The provisions of the Act of 1966 relating to rate support
grants shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in
Schedule 2 to this Act.
13.-(1 ) The limit of £60 million which by subsection (5) of
section 1 of the Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act 1944 is
imposed on the amount of the contributions which may be made
under that section out of money provided by Parliament towards
the expenses of local authorities in Scotland in respect of rural
water supplies and sewerage is hereby removed ; and accordingly
for that subsection there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (5) Any contributions made under this section shall be
defrayed out of money provided by Parliament. "
( 2) In subsection (1) above references to subsection (5) of
section 1 of the said Act of 1944 are references to that sub-
section as applied to Scotland by section 7 of that Act.
14.-(1) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, on and after 16th
May 1975 the power of the Secretary of State-
( a ) to make advances to a local highway authority under
section 8 of the Development and Road Improvement
Funds Act 1909 (towards expenditure incurred in the
construction and improvement of principal roads, sur-
veys in connection therewith, and the provision of
facilities associated with such roads), and
( b) to make grants to a local authority under section 34(2)
of the Transport Act 1968 (towards expenditure
incurred in making grants to provide assistance for rural
bus or ferry services and in the provision of such ferry
services), and
( c) to make grants to any person under section 56(1) of the
Transport Act 1968 (towards capital expenditure
incurred or to be incurred in the provision, improve-
ment or development of facilities for public passenger
transport ),
shall cease to be exercisable except in a case where it appears
to the Secretary of State that the whole or any part of any
expenditure in respect of which any such advances or grants as
aforesaid could be made should not fall on the local highway
authority, local authority or person concerned, as the case may
be .
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1189
( 2) As from the beginning of the year 1978-79 the power of PART I
the Secretary of State to make grants to a Passenger Transport
Executive under section 20(8) of the Transport Act 1968 ( towards 1968 c. 73 .
expenditure incurred by the Executive for certain areas in
pursuance of agreements with the Railways Board for the
provision of railway passenger services) shall cease to be exercis-
able, except in a case where it appears to the Secretary of State
that the whole or any part of any expenditure in respect of which
any such grants as aforesaid could be made should not fall on the
Passenger Transport Executive.
( 3) In any case where-
( a) it appears to the Secretary of State that any person
other than a local authority has before 16th May 1975
entered upon a course of expenditure of a capital
nature such as is referred to in section 56(1) of the
Transport Act 1968, and
( b) the Secretary of State has approved before 16th May
1975 the making of a grant or grants towards that
expenditure under that section,
then , notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 1 ) above, the
Secretary of State may, on or after 16th May 1975, make to
that person under that section any grant which he considers
appropriate in the light of that approval.
15.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may from time to time, by Termination
order, provide that, with effect from such year as may be speci- of certain
fied in the order, no grant shall be paid under any such local existing grants to local
authority grant provision as may be so specified or that no grant authorities for
shall be so paid except in respect of expenditure of a description certain other
so specified.
purposes.
( 2 ) In subsection (1) above " local authority grant provision
"
means an enactment providing for the payment of grants to
local authorities in respect of expenditure incurred in connection
with a specific function .
( 3) An order under this section may contain provision amend-
ing, repealing or revoking, with or without savings, any
enactment.
( 4 ) No order under this section shall have effect unless it is
approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.
Miscellaneous Financial Provisions
Borrowing and
lendingby
16. Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to local
the powers of local authorities, joint boards, water development authorities
boards and river purification boards to borrow and lend money andcertains
and with respect to certain of their funds. and certain
of their funds.
1190 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART I 17. Schedule 8 to the Act of 1973 (provisions as to the Com-
Remuneration mission for Local Authority Accounts in Scotland ) shall have
and expenses effect as if after paragraph 3 there were inserted the following
of members of paragraph-
Commission
for Local
" 3A. There may be paid to any member of the Com-
Authority
mission out of their funds such salary or fees and allowances
Accounts.
as may be approved by the Secretary of State. " .
Financial
year of local
authorities.
18. For subsection (5 ) of section 96 of the Act of 1973 there
shall be substituted the following subsections-
" ( 5) The financial year of a local authority shall be the
period of twelve months ending with 31st March, so how-
ever that for the purposes of subsections ( 2) to (4) above,
the first financial year of any local authority shall be the
period beginning with the date on which the authority came
into existence in accordance with the provisions of this Act
and ending with 31st March 1976 ; and references in this
Act and in any other enactment (whether passed or made
before or after the passing of this Act ) to the financial year
of a local authority shall be construed in accordance with
the provisions of this subsection.
( 6) The Secretary of State may by order make provision
amending, repealing or revoking, with or without savings,
any enactment which is inconsistent with or superseded by
subsection (5) above ; but no order under this subsection
shall have effect unless it is approved by a resolution of
each House of Parliament.".
Amendment
19. Section 201 of the Act of 1947 (power of Secretary of
of section 201 State to disallow illegal payments and surcharge on interim
ofAct of
report of auditor), shall have effect as if in subsection ( 1 ) after
1947.
proviso (e) there were inserted the following proviso-
" ( f ) the Secretary of State, in the case of an interim report
received by him at any time after 1st September 1973,
shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case,
including such information as may be available to him
as to the means of any person against whom a sur-
charge might be made under this subsection and the
ability of that person to pay the surcharge, and may
thereafter, if he thinks fit, abstain from making the
surcharge in whole or in part. " .
Classification
ofroads.
1909 с. 47.
20.-( 1 ) On and after 16th May 1975, a road or proposed
road which, immediately before that date, is classified under
section 28 (2) of the Act of 1966 as a principal road for the
purposes of section 8 of the Development and Road Improve-
ment Funds Act 1909, so far as that section relates to the making
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1191
of advances to local highway authorities, shall cease to be so
classified for the purposes of the said section 8 but, except in so
far as the Secretary of State otherwise directs , shall continue to
be treated as a principal road or a classified road for the
purposes of any enactment (whether passed or made before or
after the commencement of this Act ) which refers to roads or
highways classified under any enactment as principal roads
( whether for the purposes of advances under the said section 8
or otherwise) or, as the case may be. to roads or highways
classified by the Secretary of State.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order assign some other
description to the roads which, whether by virtue of sub-
section ( 1 ) above or otherwise, are for the time being treated as
principal roads for the purposes of any enactment.
( 3) If an order is made under subsection ( 2) above then, except
in so far as the order otherwise provides, any reference to a
principal road in any enactment passed or made before the order
is made shall be construed as a reference to a road of the
description specified in the order.
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 2) above shall affect the power of
the Secretary of State under section 28( 2) of the Act of 1966 to
classify particular roads or proposed roads in such manner as
he may determine after consultation with the highway authorities
concerned.
PART I
PART II
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION
21.- (1) For the purpose of conducting investigations in Commissioner
relation to any authority to which this Part of this Act applies for Local
there shall be a commissioner to be known as the Commissioner Administra-
tion.for Local Administration in Scotland.
( 2) Appointments to the office of Commissioner shall be made
by Her Majesty on the recommendation of the Secretary of
State after consultation with such bodies representing local autho-
rities as appear appropriate to the Secretary of State, and a
person so appointed shall, subject to subsection ( 3) below, hold
office during good behaviour.
( 3) A person appointed to be the Commissioner may be
relieved of office by Her Majesty at his own request or may
be removed from office by Her Majesty on grounds of incapacity
or misbehaviour, and shall in any case vacate office on com-
pleting the year of service in which he attains the age of sixty-
five years.
( 4 ) For each year, the Commissioner-
( a ) shall submit a general report on the discharge of his
functions to the designated body, and
1192 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART II
( b) shall review the operation of the provisions of this Part
of this Act about the investigation of complaints, and
shall have power to convey to local authorities or to
government departments any recommendations or
conclusions reached in the course of his review.
( 5 ) Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect as respects the
Commissioner.
Body to be designatedby
22.- (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the Sec-
retary of State shall by order designate a body to be called
Secretary of
State for
" the designated body for Scotland ".
purposes of
( 2 ) The designated body, on receipt of the report submitted
Part II.
to them under section 21 (4)(a) of this Act, shall arrange for its
publication.
( 3) All expenses incurred by the designated body under this
Part of this Act shall be defrayed by local authorities in accord-
ance with regulations made by the Secretary of State after
consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear
to him to be concerned.
( 4) The Secretary of State may-
( a) require the designated body to keep proper accounts
of the expenditure incurred by them in the discharge
of their functions ;
( b ) require the designated body to prepare in respect of
each financial year a statement of account in such
form as the Secretary of State may direct ;
( c ) make arrangements for the audit of such accounts.
(5) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section ( 1 ) above or regulations under subsection (3) above shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
Authorities
subject to investigation.
23.-( 1 ) This Part of this Act applies to the following
authorities-
( a) any local authority ;
( b) any committee, joint committee or joint board the
members of which, other than ex officio members, are
appointed by one or more local authorities ;
( c ) any education committee, joint committee of education
authorities, and any person or body which discharges the
functions of an education authority by virtue of an
arrangement made under Schedule 10 to the Act of
1973 ;
( d ) any water development board within the meaning of the
1967 с. 78.
Water (Scotland ) Act 1967 ;
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1193
(e ) any river purification board within the meaning of
PART II
section 135 of the Act of 1973 ;
any person or body which by virtue of section 56(1) of
the Act of 1973 discharges any of the functions of
a local authority.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) ( f ) above, this Part of
this Act applies to-
( a ) any joint committee constituted by an administration
scheme under section 36 of the Fire Services Act 1947 ; 1947 с. 41 .
( b) any joint police committee constituted by an amalgama-
tion scheme made or approved under the Police 1967 с. 77.
( Scotland ) Act 1967 ;
( c ) any social work committee established under section 2
of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 ; 1968 с. 49.
( d ) any Children's Panel Advisory Committee formed under
paragraph 3 of Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1968 ;
( e ) any joint committee, for the administration of super-
annuation schemes for persons employed in local
government service or teachers, established by regula-
tions under section 7 or 9 of the Superannuation Act 1972 c. 11 .
1972 respectively.
( 3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that this
Part of this Act shall also apply, subject to any modifications
or exceptions specified in the Order, to any authority specified
in the Order, being an authority which is established by or
under an Act of Parliament, and which has power to levy a
rate, or to issue a requisition.
( 4 ) An Order made by virtue of subsection (3) above shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
24.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Matters
where a written complaint is made by or on behalf of a member subject to
of the public who claims to have sustained injustice in conse- investigation.
quence of maladministration in connection with action taken by
or on behalf of an authority to which this Part of this Act applies ,
being action taken in the exercise of administrative functions of
that authority, the Commissioner may investigate that complaint.
( 2 ) A complaint shall not be entertained under this Part of
this Act unless-
( a ) it is made in writing to a member of the authority, or
of any other authority concerned, specifying the action
alleged to constitute maladministration, and
( b) it is referred to the Commissioner, with the consent of
the person aggrieved, or of a person acting on his
1194 PART II c . 30
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975
behalf, by that member, or by any other person who is
a member of any authority concerned, with a request
to investigate the complaint.
( 3) If the Commissioner is satisfied that any member of any
authority concerned has been requested to refer the complaint
to the Commissioner, and has not done so, the Commissioner
may, if he thinks fit, dispense with the requirements in subsection
( 2 )(b) above.
( 4 ) A complaint shall not be entertained unless it was made
to a member of any authority concerned within twelve months
from the day on which the person aggrieved first had notice
of the matters alleged in the complaint, but the Commissioner
may conduct an investigation pursuant to a complaint not
made within that period if he considers that there are special
circumstances which make it proper to do so.
( 5) Before proceeding to investigate a complaint , the Com-
missioner shall satisfy himself that the complaint has been
brought, by or on behalf of the person aggrieved, to the notice
of the authority to which the complaint relates and that that
authority has been afforded a reasonable opportunity to investi-
gate, and reply to, the complaint.
( 6 ) The Commissioner shall not conduct an investigation
under this Part of this Act in respect of any of the following
matters, that is to say, -
( a) any action in respect of which the person aggrieved has
or had a right of appeal, reference or review to or
before a tribunal constituted by or under any enact-
ment;
( b) any action in respect of which the person aggrieved
has or had a right of appeal to a Minister of the
Crown; or
( c ) any action in respect of which the person aggrieved
has or had a remedy by way of proceedings in any
court of law :
Provided that the Commissioner may conduct an investigation
notwithstanding the existence of such a right or remedy if
satisfied that in the particular circumstances it is not reasonable
to expect the person aggrieved to resort or have resorted to it.
( 7 ) The Commissioner shall not conduct an investigation in
respect of any action which in his opinion affects all or most
of the inhabitants of the area of the authority concerned.
( 8) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this
section , the Commissioner shall not conduct an investigation
under this Part of this Act in respect of any such action or
matter as is described in Schedule 5 to this Act.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1195
( 9) Her Majesty may by Order in Council amend the said
PART II
Schedule 5 so as to exclude from the provisions of that Schedule
such actions or matters as may be described in the Order ; and
any Order made by virtue of this subsection shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
(10) In determining whether to initiate, continue or discontinue
an investigation, the Commissioner shall, subject to the preceding
provisions of this section, act at discretion ; and any question
whether a complaint is duly made under this Part of this Act
shall be determined by the Commissioner.
(11) In this section references to a person aggrieved include
references to his personal representatives .
(12 ) A complaint shall not be entertained under this Part of
this Act if and so far as it is in respect of anything done before
16th May 1975, or in respect of any default or alleged default
first arising before that date.
25.-( 1 ) A complaint under this Part of this Act may be Provisions
made by any individual, or by any body of persons whether relating to complaints.
incorporated or not, not being-
( a) a local authority or other authority or body constituted
for purposes of the public service or of local govern-
ment, or for the purposes of carrying on under national
ownership any industry or undertaking or part of an
industry or undertaking ;
( b) any other authority or body whose members are
appointed by Her Majesty or any Minister of the
Crown or government department, or whose revenues
consist wholly or mainly of moneys provided by
Parliament.
( 2 ) Where the person by whom a complaint might have been
made under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act has
died or is for any reason unable to act for himself , the complaint
may be made by his personal representative or by a member of
his family or by some body or individual suitable to represent
him ; but except as aforesaid a complaint shall not be enter-
tained under this Part of this Act unless made by the person
aggrieved himself.
26.-( 1 ) Where the Commissioner proposes to conduct an Procedure in
investigation pursuant to a complaint, he shall afford to the respect of
authority concerned , and to any person who is alleged in the investigations .
complaint to have taken or authorised the action complained of,
an opportunity to comment on any allegations contained in the
complaint.
( 2) Every such investigation shall be conducted in private,
but except as aforesaid the procedure for conducting an investiga-
1196 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART II tion shall be such as the Commissioner considers appropriate
in the circumstances of the case ; and, without prejudice to the
generality of the preceding provision, the Commissioner may
obtain information from such persons and in such manner,
and make such inquiries, as he thinks fit , and may determine
whether any person may be represented ( by counsel or solicitor
or otherwise) in the investigation.
( 3) The designated body shall, if the Commissioner thinks fit,
pay to the person by whom the complaint was made, and to
any other person who attends or furnishes information for the
purposes of an investigation under this Part of this Act-
( a ) sums in respect of the expenses properly incurred by
them;
( b ) allowances by way of compensation for the loss of
their time.
( 4 ) The conduct of an investigation under this Part of this Act
shall not affect any action taken by the authority concerned, or
any power or duty of that authority to take further action with
respect to any matters subject to the investigation.
Power of
27.-( 1 ) For the purposes of an investigation under this Part
Commissioner of this Act the Commissioner may require any member or
to require
information
officer of the authority concerned, or any other person who in
and other
his opinion is able to furnish information or produce documents
matters
relevant to the investigation, to furnish any such information or
relating to
produce any such documents.
investigations.
( 2) For the purposes of any such investigation the Com-
missioner shall have the same powers as the Court of Session
in respect of the attendance and examination of witnesses, and
in respect of the production of documents.
(3) The Commissioner may, under subsection ( 1) above,
require any person to furnish information concerning communi-
cations between the authority concerned and any Government
department, or to produce any correspondence or other
documents forming part of any such written communications.
( 4 ) No obligation to maintain secrecy or other restriction
upon the disclosure of information obtained by or furnished to
persons in Her Majesty's service, whether imposed by any
enactment or by any rule of law, shall apply to the disclosure
of information in accordance with subsection ( 3) above ; and
where that subsection applies the Crown shall not be entitled
to any such privilege in respect of the production of documents
or the giving of evidence as is allowed by law in legal
proceedings.
( 5 ) Nothing in subsection (1) or subsection ( 3) above affects-
( a ) the restriction , imposed by section 11( 2 ) of the
1967 с. 13.
Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967, on the dis-
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1197
closure of information by the Parliamentary Com-
PART II
missioner or his officers ; or
( b) the restriction, imposed by that section ( as applied by
section 47 of the National Health Service ( Scotland ) 1972 c. 58.
Act 1972), on the disclosure of information by the
Health Service Commissioner for Scotland or by his
officers.
(6) To assist him in any investigation, the Commissioner
may obtain advice from any person who in his opinion is
qualified to give it and, if the Commissioner thinks fit , the
designated body shall pay to any such person such fees or
allowances as the Commissioner may determine.
(7) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) above, no person shall be com-
pelled for the purposes of an investigation under this Part of
this Act to give any evidence or produce any document which
he could not be compelled to give or produce in civil proceedings
before the Court of Session.
(8) If any person without lawful excuse obstructs the Com-
missioner in the performance of his functions under this Part of
this Act, or is guilty of any act or omission in relation to an
investigation under this Part of this Act which, if that investiga-
tion were a proceeding in the Court of Session would constitute
contempt of court, the Commissioner may certify the offence
to the Court of Session.
( 9 ) Where an offence is so certified, the Court of Session may
inquire into the matter and, after hearing any witnesses who
may be produced against or on behalf of the person charged
with the offence, and after hearing any statement that may
be offered in defence, deal with him in any manner in which
the Court of Session could deal with him if he had committed
the like offence in relation to the Court of Session.
(10 ) Nothing in subsection (8) above shall be construed as
applying to the taking of any such action as is mentioned in
section 26(4) of this Act.
28.- ( 1 ) In any case where the Commissioner conducts anReports on
investigation, or decides not to conduct an investigation, he investigations.
shall send a report of the results of the investigation, or as the
case may be a statement of his reasons for not conducting an
investigation-
( a ) to the person, if any, who referred the complaint to the
Commissioner in accordance with section 24(2) of this
Act, and
( b) to the complainant, and
( c ) to the authority concerned, and to any other authority
or person who is alleged in the complaint to have
taken or authorised the action complained of.
1198 c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART II
( 2) Where the complaint was referred by a person who was a
member of an authority but who has since ceased to be a member
of that authority, the report or statement shall be sent to the
chairman of that authority.
( 3) Apart from identifying the authority or authorities con-
cerned, the report shall not-
( a ) mention the name of any person, or
( b) contain any particulars which, in the opinion of the
Commissioner, are likely to identify any person and
can be omitted without impairing the effectiveness of
the report ,
unless, after taking into account the public interest as well as the
interests of the complainant and of persons other than the com-
plainant, the Commissioner considers it necessary to mention
the name of that person or to include in the report any such
particulars.
( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of subsection ( 7 ) below, the
authority concerned shall for a period of three weeks make
copies of the report available for inspection by the public
without charge at all reasonable hours at one or more of their
offices ; and any person shall be entitled to take copies of, or
extracts from, the report when so made available.
( 5) Not later than one week after the report is received by the
authority concerned, the proper officer of the authority shall
give public notice, by advertisement in newspapers and such
other ways as appear to him appropriate, that the report will be
available for inspection as provided by subsection ( 4) above, and
shall specify the date, being a date after the giving of the public
notice, from which the period of three weeks will begin.
( 6) If a person having the custody of a report made available
for inspection as provided by subsection (4) above obstructs any
person seeking to inspect the report, or to make a copy of, or
extract from, the report, he shall be liable on summary convic-
tion to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 7) The Commissioner may, if he thinks fit after taking into
account the public interest as well as the interests of the com-
plainant and of persons other than the complainant, direct that
a report specified in the direction shall not be subject to the
provisions of subsections ( 4) and (5 ) above about its publication.
Reports on
29.-( 1 ) If in the opinion of the Commissioner, as set out in
investigations: the report , injustice has been caused to the person aggrieved
further
provisions. in consequence of maladministration, the report shall be laid
before the authority concerned, and it shall be the duty of that
authority to consider the report, and to notify the Commissioner
of the action which the authority have taken, or propose to take.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1199
( 2 ) If the Commissioner-
( a ) does not receive any such notification within a reason-
able time ; or
( b) is not satisfied with the action which the authority
concerned have taken ; or
( c ) does not within a reasonable time receive confirmation
from the authority concerned that they have taken
action, as proposed, to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner,
he shall make a further report setting out those facts ; and section
28 of this Act shall apply, with any necessary modifications, to
that further report.
PART II
30.-( 1 ) For the purposes of the law of defamation, any such Law of
publication as is hereinafter mentioned shall be absolutely defamation
privileged, that is to say- and limitation
on disclosure
( a ) the publication of any matter in communications of information
between a member of an authority and the Com- by
missioner, or any of his officers, for the purposes of Commissioner.
this Part of this Act ;
( b) the publication of any matter by the Commissioner or
any of his officers, in communicating with a com-
plainant for the purposes of this Part of this Act ;
( c ) the publication of any matter in preparing, making and
sending a report or statement in accordance with
section 28 or 29 of this Act, or, subject to section 28(7)
of this Act , in making a report available to the public ;
( d ) the publication of any matter contained in a report by
the Commissioner which has been made available
to the public, being publication by inclusion in a report
made or published under section 21 of this Act.
( 2 ) Information obtained by the Commissioner, or any of his
officers, in the course of or for the purposes of an investigation
under this Part of this Act shall not be disclosed except-
( a ) for the purposes of the investigation and of any report
to be made under section 28 or 29 of this Act ; or
( b) for the purposes of any proceedings for an offence under
the Official Secrets Acts 1911 to 1939 alleged to have
been committed in respect of information obtained, by
virtue of this Part of this Act, by the Commissioner
or any of his officers or for an offence of perjury
alleged to have been committed in the course of an
investigation under this Part of this Act or for the
purposes of an inquiry with a view to the taking of
such proceedings, or
( c ) for the purpose of any proceedings under section 27( 9)
of this Act,
1200 c .30
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975
PART II
and the Commissioner and his officers shall not be called upon
to give evidence in any proceedings ( other than proceedings
within paragraph (b ) or (c ) above) of matters coming to his or
their knowledge in the course of an investigation under this
Part of this Act.
(3) A Minister of the Crown or any of the authorities men-
tioned in section 23 of this Act may give notice in writing to
the Commissioner with respect to any document or informa-
tion specified in the notice, or any class of documents or
information so specified, that in the opinion of the Minister, or
as the case may be of the authority, the disclosure of that
document or information, or of documents or information of
that class, would be contrary to the public interest ; and where
such a notice is given nothing in this Part of this Act shall be
construed as authorising or requiring any person to communicate
to any other person, or for any purpose, any document or
information specified in the notice, or any document or informa-
tion of a class so specified :
Provided that a notice given under this subsection by any
authority may be discharged by the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 3) above shall affect the obligations
imposed by subsections (3) and ( 4) of section 27 of this Act.
( 5 ) Where information is disclosed in accordance with section
27(3) of this Act, being information which is derived from a
communication from a government department, and which has
not been made public, the Commissioner shall not without the
written consent of an officer of the government department make
a report which includes all or any of that information unless
he has given the department not less than one month's notice in
writing of his intention.
( 6 ) The provisions of this section shall apply to the Com-
missioners of Customs and Excise and Commissioners of Inland
Revenue as they apply to a Minister of the Crown.
Consultation
31.-(1) If, at any stage in the course of conducting an
between
investigation under this Part of this Act, the Commissioner
Commissioner, forms the opinion that the complaint relates partly to a matter
the
Parliamentary which could be the subject of an investigation-
Commissioner
( a) by the Parliamentary Commissioner, in accordance with
and the Health
section 5 of the Act of 1967, or
Service Com-
missioner.
(b) by the Health Service Commissioner for Scotland in
accordance with section 45 of the Act of 1972,
he shall consult with the appropriate Commissioner about the
complaint and, if he considers it necessary, inform the person
initiating the complaint under this Part of this Act of the steps
necessary to initiate a complaint under the Act of 1967 or under
Part VII of the Act of 1972, as the case may be.
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975 c .30
1201
( 2 ) Where, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, the Com-
PART II
missioner consults the Parliamentary Commissioner or the Health
Service Commissioner in relation to a complaint under this Part
of this Act, he may consult that Commissioner about any matter
relating to the complaint, including-
( a ) the conduct of any investigation into the complaint, and
( b) the form, content and publication of any report of the
results of such an investigation.
( 3) If, at any stage in the course of conducting an investigation,
under-
(a ) the Act of 1967, or
(b) Part VII of the Act of 1972 ,
the Parliamentary Commissioner or the Health Service Com-
missioner conducting the investigation forms the opinion that
the complaint relates partly to a matter which could be the
subject of an investigation under this Part of this Act, he shall
consult with the Commissioner about the complaint and, if he
considers it necessary, inform the person initiating the complaint
under the Act of 1967 or Part VII of the Act of 1972, as the
case may be, of the steps necessary to initiate a complaint under
this Part of this Act.
( 4) Where, by virtue of subsection (3) above, the Com-
missioner is consulted about a complaint under the Act of
1967 or Part VII of the Act of 1972, subsection ( 2) above shall
apply ( with the necessary modifications) as it applies in relation
to consultations held by virtue of subsection ( 1) above.
( 5 ) Nothing in section 11( 2) of the Act of 1967, in that
section as applied by section 47 of the Act of 1972, or in section
30(2) of this Act ( restrictions of disclosure of information) shall
apply in relation to the disclosure of information by any of the
Commissioners mentioned in this section, or by any of their
officers, in the course of consultations held in accordance with
this section.
( 6 ) In this section the " Act of 1967 " means the Parlia- 1967 с. 13.
mentary Commissioner Act 1967 and the " Act of 1972 " means
the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1972 . 1972 с. 58.
32.- (1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpretation
ofPart II.
requires-
" action " includes failure to act, and other expressions
connoting action shall be construed accordingly ;
" the Commissioner " means the Commissioner for Local
Administration in Scotland ;
"person aggrieved " means the person who claims or is
alleged to have sustained any such injustice as is
mentioned in section 24(1) of this Act ;
1202 c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART II " the Parliamentary Commissioner " means the Parliamen-
tary Commissioner for Administration ;
"the designated body " means the body designated under
section 22 of this Act ;
" tribunal " includes the person constituting a tribunal
consisting of one person.
( 2) It is hereby declared that nothing in this Part of this
Act authorises or requires the Commissioner to question the
merits of a decision taken without maladministration by an
authority in the exercise of a discretion vested in that authority.
Allowances
for members
ofchildren's
panels and
Children's
Panel Advisory Committees.
1968 с. 49.
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
33. In Schedule 3 to the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968
( children's panels), for paragraph 8 there shall be substituted the
following paragraph-
" 8 .- (1 ) A local authority may pay-
( a ) to a member or possible member of the children's
panel in respect of his attendance at a children's
hearing or at training arranged under paragraph 6
or 7 of this Schedule ;
( b) to a member of the Children's Panel Advisory
Committee, who is not also a member of a body
to which sections 45 and 46 of the Local Govern-
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973 apply, in respect of his
attendance at a meeting of the Committee ;
( c ) to a member or possible member of the children's
panel or to such a member of the Children's Panel
Advisory Committee as aforesaid in respect of the
doing by him of anything approved by the auth-
ority, or anything of a class so approved, for the
purpose of, or in connection with, the discharge
of the functions of the panel or Committee, as
the case may be ;
allowances, in the nature of those payable under sections
45( 4) and 46( 1) of the said Act of 1973, being payments of
such reasonable amounts as they may determine in any
particular case or class of case and not exceeding the
amounts prescribed under the said section 45(4) and speci-
fied under the said section 46(1 ) for the corresponding
allowances under those provisions.
( 2 ) A local authority may pay to a member of the
Children's Panel Advisory Committee who is also a
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c.30
1203
member of a body to which sections 45 and 46 of the said
Act of 1973 apply-
( a ) in respect of his attendance at a meeting of the
Committee ;
(b) in respect of the doing by him of anything approved
by the authority, or anything of a class so
approved, for the purpose of , or in connection
with, the discharge of the functions of the
Committee;
allowances, in the nature of those payable under the said
section 45 and subsection (1) of the said section 46, being
payments of such reasonable amounts as they may determine
in any particular case or class of case and not exceeding the
amounts prescribed under the said section 45 and specified
under subsection ( 1) of the said section 46 for the corres-
ponding allowances under those provisions.".
PART III
34.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order make provision Transference
for the transfer to the employment of local authorities of of social
persons of descriptions specified in the order who are for the workers of
Health Boards
time being employed in social work by Health Boards ; and the to local
order may include provision-
authority
(a ) for transfers in pursuance of the order to be made on
employment.such days as may be determined by or under the
order ; and
(b) as to the manner of determining whether an individual
is a person liable to be transferred by virtue of this
subsection and which authority is the authority to
whose employment such a person is to be transferred.
( 2) A person transferred by virtue of subsection ( 1) above to
the employment of a local authority shall not be required in the
course of that employment to perform duties otherwise than at
or in connection with a hospital or other health service
establishment unless he has consented to perform such duties.
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State by order to
make provision for securing, in the case of a person transferred
to the employment of a local authority by virtue of subsection ( 1 )
above-
(a) that, while he is in the employment of that authority
and has not been served with a notice in writing stating
that it is served for the purposes of this subsection and
specifying such new terms and conditions of employ-
ment as are mentioned in paragraph (b) below, the
scale of his remuneration and, taken as a whole, the
other terms and conditions of his employment by that
1204 c.30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART III
authority are not less favourable to him than were
immediately before the transfer those of the employ-
ment by the Health Board ;
( b) that any new terms and conditions determined by that
authority for his employment by them are such that-
( i ) so long as he is engaged in duties reasonably
comparable to the duties in which immediately
before the transfer he was engaged in the employ-
ment by the Health Board, the scale of his remunera-
tion and, taken as a whole, the other terms and
conditions of his employment by that authority are
not less favourable to him than were, immediately
before the transfer, those of the employment by the
Health Board, and
(ii) so long as he is engaged in duties not so com-
parable, the terms and conditions of his employment
by that authority (excluding terms as to remunera-
tion ) are, taken as a whole, not less favourable than
as mentioned in sub- paragraph (i ) above ;
( c) that for the purposes of any enactment specified in the
order the employments from which and to which he
was transferred by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above are
treated as one continuous employment ;
and an order made in pursuance of this subsection may contain
provision for the determination of questions arising with respect
to the effect in relation to any person of provision made by
virtue of paragraphs (a) to ( c) above.
( 4 ) A statutory instrument containing any order under this
section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament.
Orders and
regulations.
35.-( 1 ) Any power to make orders or regulations conferred
on the Secretary of State by any provision of this Act shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 2) Any power to make an Order in Council or other order
under any provision of this Act shall include power to make an
order varying or revoking any order previously made under that
provision.
( 3) Any order under this Act may contain such incidental,
consequential and supplementary provisions as appear to the
Secretary of State to be necessary or proper for bringing the
order into operation and giving full effect thereto.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1205
36. There shall be defrayed out of money provided by PART III
Parliament- Expenses.
( a) any administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary
of State under this Act ;
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of such money under any
other enactment.
37.- (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-General
" the Act of 1947 means the Local Government ( Scotland) interpretation.
"
1947 с. 43.
Act 1947 ;
" the Act of 1966
"
means the Local Government ( Scotland ) 1966 c. 51.
Act 1966 ;
" the Act of 1973 " means the Local Government (Scotland) 1973 c. 65.
Act 1973 ;
" the Assessor " means the Assessor of Public Undertakings
( Scotland ) ;
" material change of circumstances " means in relation to
any lands and heritages a change of circumstances
affecting their value and, without prejudice to the fore-
going generality, includes any alteration in such lands
and heritages and any relevant decision of the Lands
Valuation Appeal Court or a valuation appeal com-
mittee for the valuation area in which the lands and
heritages are situated, but does not include a change in
the rent of the said or any other lands and heritages
or any change in the general level of valuations or in
the values of lands and heritages situated in the area of
a particular rating authority ;
" prescribed ", except in paragraph 6 of Schedule 3, means
prescribed by an order made by the Secretary of State ;
" rate " includes a domestic water rate ;
" the ValuationActs " means the Lands Valuation (Scotland) 1854 c. 91 .
Act 1854, the Acts amending that Act, any other Act
relating to valuation and includes this Act ;
" year ", except in paragraph 2 of Schedule 4, means the
financial year of a local authority ;
" year of revaluation " means the year 1978-79 and each
fifth year thereafter.
( 2 ) Expressions used in this Act and in the Act of 1973 shall
have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act.
38.- (1 ) Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect Minor and
for the purpose of making general adaptation of enactments consequential
amendments
consequential on section 5 of this Act , and of the Valuation andrepeals.
Acts and of any enactment having effect by virtue of those Acts
1206 1975 с. 24.
1975 c. 25.
c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
PART III
Short title ,
commence-
ment, construction,
savings and
extent.
consequential on section 18 of this Act, and the enactments speci-
fied in Part II of that Schedule shall have effect subject to the
modifications and amendments set out in that Part, being modi-
fications and amendments which are consequential on the provi-
sions of this Act and minor amendments.
( 2 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
39.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1975 .
( 2 ) This Act (except this section ) shall come into operation
on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint, and
different days may be appointed under this subsection for different
provisions of this Act or for different purposes, or for the purposes
of the same provision in relation to different cases.
( 3) Any reference in this Act to the commencement of any
provision thereof shall be construed as a reference to the day
when that provision comes into force.
( 4 ) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall
be construed as referring to that enactment as amended by or
under any other enactment , including this Act.
( 5 ) Any proceedings pending before a valuation appeal com-
mittee or the Lands Valuation Appeal Court before the com-
mencement of this Act may be continued as if they had been
brought by virtue of this Act.
(6) This Act, except paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 and except
in so far as it relates to the House of Commons Disqualification
Act 1975 and the Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification
Act 1975, extends to Scotland only.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1207
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 6.
LANDS AND HERITAGES TO WHICH SECTION 6 APPLIES
1. Any lands and heritages occupied for the purposes of a water
undertaking within the meaning of section 46( 1) of the Act of 1966,
other than excepted premises as defined in paragraph 1 of Schedule
2 to that Act.
2. Any lands and heritages consisting of railway or canal premises
which by virtue of Part V of the Local Government Act 1948 are 1948 c. 26.
not liable to be rated.
3. Any lands and heritages which the British Gas Corporation
are to be treated as occupying in a separately rated area by virtue of
section 24 of the Valuation and Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1956.
1956 с. 60.
4. Any lands and heritages consisting of premises occupied by the
North of Scotland Hydro -Electric Board, or the South of Scotland
Electricity Board which by virtue of Part V of the Local Government
Act 1948 are not liable to be rated.
5. Any lands and heritages occupied by the Post Office by any such
property as follows, namely, posts, wires, underground cables and
ducts, telephone kiosks and other equipment not within a building ,
being property used for the purposes of telecommunications services.
6. Any lands and heritages occupied by the National Coal Board.
7.- (1) Any other lands and heritages which-
(a ) consist of or include a mine or quarry, or
( b ) the whole or any part of which are occupied together with
a mine or quarry in connection with its working, or the
treatment, preparation, storage or removal of its minerals or
products of its minerals or the removal of its refuse.
( 2 ) Any reference in sub- paragraph ( 1) above to a mine or quarry
includes a reference to a well or bore- hole or a well and bore- hole
combined.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraph (2 ) above, expressions used in sub-
paragraph (1) above and in the Mines and Quarries Act 1954 have 1954 с. 70.
the same meanings in sub -paragraph (1) above as in that Act.
8. Any lands and heritages occupied by the persons carrying on ,
under authority conferred by or under any enactment, a dock or
harbour undertaking.
9. Any lands and heritages occupied by the persons carrying on
an undertaking for the diffusion by wire of sound or television
programmes.
10. Any lands and heritages occupied by persons carrying on
( otherwise than under authority conferred by or under any public
general enactment ) an undertaking for the generation of electricity
by water power.
1208 c. 30
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975
Section 12 . SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENT OF PROVISIONS OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT (SCOTLAND )
Аст 1966 RELATING TO RATE SUPPORT GRANTS
1. For section 2 (rate support grants), there shall be substituted the
following section-
"Rate
support
grants.
2 .- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this
Act, the Secretary of State shall, for each year, make
grants to local authorities in Scotland in accordance with
this section ; and any grants made in pursuance of this
subsection shall be known as " rate support grants ".
( 2 ) For the purpose of fixing the estimated aggregate
amount of the rate support grants for any year the Secre-
tary of State shall determine-
( a ) the aggregate amount which he estimates is to be
available for the payment out of moneys pro-
vided by Parliament of grants ( other than
housing subsidies ) to local authorities in respect
of their relevant expenditure for that year ; and
( b ) the portion of that amount which the Secretary
of State estimates will be allocated to grants in
respect of such services as the Secretary of State
may determine ;
and the amount remaining after deducting that portion
from the aggregate amount aforesaid shall, subject to
section 4 of this Act, be the estimated aggregate amount
of the rate support grants for that year.
( 3 ) Before determining the amount and the portion
mentioned in paragraphs ( a ) and (b) of subsection (2 )
above, the Secretary of State shall consult with such
associations of local authorities as appear to him to be
concerned and shall take into consideration-
( a ) the latest information available to him as to
the rate of relevant expenditure ;
( b ) any probable fluctuation in the demand for ser-
vices giving rise to relevant expenditure so far
as the fluctuation is attributable to circumstances
prevailing in Scotland as a whole which are not
under the control of local authorities ;
( c ) the need for developing those services and the
extent to which, having regard to general
economic conditions, it is reasonable to develop
those services ; and
(d ) the current level of prices, costs and remunera-
tion and any future variation in that level which
in the opinion of the Secretary of State will result
from decisions which appear to him to be final
and which will have the effect of increasing or
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1209
decreasing any particular prices, costs or
remuneration.
( 4 ) After consultation with such associations of local
authorities as appear to the Secretary of State to be con-
cerned , the estimated aggregate amount of the rate support
grants for any year shall be divided by the Secretary of
State into three parts ( to be known respectively as "the
needs element ", " the resources element " and " the
domestic element " ) and the amounts of the needs element
and the domestic element and the estimated amount of the
resources element shall be such as may be prescribed;
and the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall, subject
to sections 4 and 5 of this Act, have effect with respect
to the determination of the amounts payable to any local
authority in respect of those elements for any year and
with respect to the other matters there mentioned .
( 5 ) Payments in respect of elements of rate support
grants shall be made to any local authority at such times
as the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, determine and shall be made in aid of the
revenues of the authority generally.
(6 ) Subject to subsection ( 7) below, the Secretary of
State may-
( a ) defray any expenditure incurred in any year in
the provision of services for local authorities by
any body specified in regulations made by the
Secretary of State ; and
( b ) deduct from the aggregate amount of the needs
element for that year such amount, not exceed-
ing the total of the expenditure so defrayed, as
appears to him to be appropriate.
(7 ) Before exercising his powers under subsection ( 6 )
above, the Secretary of State shall consult with such
associations of local authorities as appear to him to be
concerned.
( 8) In this section-
" housing subsidies " means such grants to local
authorities out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment for housing as may be determined by the
Secretary of State to be housing subsidies for
the purposes of this section ;
" relevant expenditure ", in relation to any year,
means the sum of the following amounts as
estimated by the Secretary of State-
( a ) the amount of expenditure for that year
falling to be paid out of the rates of a local
authority, and
( b ) an amount equal to the amount
receivable by the local authority for that year
H
SCH. 2
1210 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 2
1948 с. 26.
as grants ( within the meaning of section 2 (2) (a)
of this Act) and as payments under Part V of
the Local Government Act 1948,
reduced by the amount estimated as aforesaid, in
whole or in part , of such payments relating to
housing and of such payments of other descriptions
falling to be made for that year as the Secretary of
State maydetermine.".
2. In section 3(1) ( rate support grant orders ), for the words " The
aggregate " there shall be substituted the words " The estimated
aggregate".
3. For section 4( variation of orders, etc.), there shall be substituted
the following section-
" Variation 4 .- (1) If it appears to the Secretary of State that ,
oforders. after the time when the amount mentioned in section
2( 2)( a ) of this Act was determined for any year, the
relevant expenditure of local authorities for that year
has been or is likely to be substantially increased by
reason of-
( a ) an increase which has taken place in the level
of prices, costs or remuneration, or
( b ) the coming into operation of a provision of an
enactment passed after this Act ,
and that no account was taken of that increase or, as
the case may be, the effect of that provision when the
amount mentioned as aforesaid was so determined, he
mayat any time redetermine for that year the amount and
portion mentioned in section 2( 2 )( a ) and ( b) of this Act
and, by an order made in the like manner and subject
to the like provisions as a rate support grant order, may
increase the amount fixed by the relevant rate support
grant order as the estimated aggregate amount of the rate
support grants and any element of the grants for that year .
( 2) The provisions of sections 2 and 3 of this Act
relating to consultation and to a report of the considera-
tions leading to a determination under the said section 2
shall apply to a redetermination under this section as
they apply to a determination under that section ; and
the Secretary of State may, if he considers it practicable,
incorporate an order under this section in a rate support
grantorder .
( 3) In redetermining under this section the amount and
portion mentioned in section 2( 2 )( a ) and ( b) of this Act ,
the Secretary of State-
( a ) shall take into account not only the effect of the
increase referred to in paragraph ( a ) of sub-
section (1) above or, as the case may be, the
provision referred to in paragraph (b ) of that
subsection, but also any future variation in the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1211
level of prices, costs and remuneration current
at the time of the redetermination which in his
opinion will result from any such decisions as
are referred to in section 2( 3) ( d ) of this Act.
and
(b ) except in the case of a change resulting from the
coming into operation of any enactment passed
after this Act, shall take no account of any
change, as compared with the situation at the
time that amount and that portion were deter-
mined for the purposes of the relevant rate
support grant order, in the demand for services
giving rise to relevant expenditure, in the need
for developing those services or in the extent to
which those services have been developed.
( 4 ) An order made under subsection (1) above in
respect of any year shall specify the actual ( and not the
estimated ) aggregate amount of the resources element
for that year.
( 5 ) If, in a case where the Secretary of State proposes
to make an order under subsection (1) above in respect
of any year, it appears to him that , apart from any
provision made by virtue of this subsection, the effect
of the order and of any other order under subsection (1)
above which he considers likely to be made in respect
of that year would be that the ratio between the actual
aggregate amount of the resources element for that year
and the aggregate amount of the needs element for that
year would be significantly different from the ratio (in
this subsection referred to as "the expected ratio " )
between the estimated aggregate amount of the resources
element for the year, as fixed by the relevant rate support
grant order, and the aggregate amount of the needs
element, as so fixed, he may in the order under subsection
( 1 ) above-
( a ) specify as the aggregate amount of the resources
element for that year such amount as, in his
estimation, will secure that ( taking account of
the effect of any further orders likely to be
made under subsection (1) above in respect of
that year) the ratio which the amount so specified
will bear to the aggregate amount of the needs
element for that year will be the expected ratio :
and
( b) in order to secure that the total amount paid in
respect of the resources element to local authori-
ties entitled to payments in respect of that
element does not exceed the amount specified
as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above, make pro-
vision varying the amount payable to each such
authority in respect of that element.
H2
SCH. 2
1212 c .30
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975
SCH. 2 ( 6 ) Without prejudice to subsection (5) above, an order
made under subsection (1) above with respect to any year
may, as respects that year, vary the matters prescribed by
the relevant rate support grant order.
( 7 ) In this section " relevant expenditure
" has the
same meaning as in section 2 of this Act. ".
4. In section 7(1) (reduction of rates on dwellings by reference to
the domestic element ), after the words " that year " there shall be
inserted the words " for their area ".
5. InPart I of Schedule 1 (the needs element) -
( a ) after paragraph 1 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
66 2.- (1) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 1
above, the Secretary of State may, as respects any year,
make provision for the apportionment of a prescribed
part of the needs element among authorities incurring
extraordinary expenses, by reference to so much of the
estimated extraordinary expenses of each such authority
as he may determine to be appropriate to be taken into
account for the purposes of this paragraph.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " extraordinary expenses " means
expenses of such categories and for such purposes as the
Secretary of State, after consultation with such associa-
tions of local authorities as appear to him to be con-
cerned, may determine should be supported by an
apportionment under this paragraph ; and in determining
the amount of the estimated extraordinary expenses of
an authority to be taken into account for any year, the
Secretary of State-
( a ) shall have regard to the expected income of that
authority for that year ; and
(b ) may have regard to the extent by which the extra-
ordinary expenses for a previous year exceeded
or fell short of the estimated extraordinary
expenses of the authority for that year. " ;
( b ) in paragraph 3, for the words " the foregoing paragraphs
"
there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 1 above "
66
and at the end there shall be added the words or of a
prescribed amount of the needs element to such classes of
authorities or to any such authority as may be prescribed. " .
6. For Part II of Schedule 1 there shall be substituted the follow-
ing Part-
"PART II
THE RESOURCES ELEMENT
1. No payment in respect of the resources element shall be
made to a local authority for any year unless in that year the
product of a rate of one penny in the pound for the authority's
area is less than the standard penny rate product for the area.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1213
2. Subject to any provision made by virtue of section 4(5)
of this Act and to paragraph 3 below, the amount ofthe resources
element payable to a local authority for any year shall be the
product of-
( a ) the number of pence in the pound of the regional, general
or district rate, as the case may be or, where the
Secretary of State is of the opinion that the local
authority have fixed an unnecessarily high rate, such
lesser number of pence in the pound of that rate as
the Secretary of State considers appropriate, and
(b ) the difference between the rate products mentioned in
paragraph 1 above.
3.- (1 ) If, after the amount of the resources element payable
to a local authority for any year has been determined under
paragraph 2 above-
(a ) the rateable values of lands and heritages in the autho-
rity's area are reduced with effect from a date on or
before that which is relevant for determining the
product of a rate of one penny in the pound for the
authority's area for that year ; and
( b ) the effect of that reduction is to produce a reduction
in the said product which is of such a magnitude that,
expressed as a percentage of the initially ascertained
figure, it exceeds such percentage as may be specified
for the purposes of this paragraph in regulations made
by the Secretary of State ; and
( c ) the authority by notice in writing request the Secretary
of State to give a direction under this paragraph ;
the Secretary of State shall direct that the amount of the
resources element payable to the authority for that year shall
be recalculated in accordance with the following provisions of
this paragraph and a further payment on account of that element
shall be made to the local authority accordingly.
( 2) Where sub-paragraph (1) above applies-
( a ) the product of a rate of one penny in the pound for the
local authority's area for the year concerned shall be
recalculated by treating the initially ascertained figure
as reduced by the amount of the excess referred to in
sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) above ;
( b) subject to any provision made by virtue of section 4 (5)
of this Act, paragraph 2 above shall have effect accord-
ingly for the purpose of determining the amount which,
on the basis of that recalculation, would have been
payable to the authority for that year.
( 3) The further payment referred to in sub- paragraph ( 1)
above shall be an amount equal to the difference between
the amount previously paid to the authority for the year con-
cerned on account of the resources element and the amount
determined as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2 )( b) above.
H 3
SCH. 2
1214 c .30
LocalGovernment ( Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 2 ( 4 ) In this paragraph " the initially ascertained figure ", in
relation to any year, means the product of a rate of one penny
in the pound ascertained for the purposes of paragraph 2 above.
( 5 ) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect not-
withstanding that the actual aggregate amount of the resources
element for the year concerned may have been specified in an
order under section 4(1) of this Act, and if any amount has
been so specified it shall be treated as having been increased
to such amount as may be necessary to provide for any further
payment made to a local authority under this paragraph. "
7. In paragraph 1 of Part III of Schedule 1 (the domestic element),
at the end there shall be added the words " and different amounts
in the pound may be so prescribed for the areas of different rating
authorities ".
Section 16. SCHEDULE 3
BORROWING AND LENDING BY LOCAL AUTHORITIES AND CERTAIN
OTHER BODIES AND CERTAIN OF THEIR FUNDS
Borrowing
1 .- (1 ) Without prejudice to section 69 of the Act of 1973 (sub-
sidiary powers of local authorities), a local authority may borrow
such sums as may be required for any of the following purposes-
( a) for acquiring any land which the authority have power to
acquire ;
(b ) for erecting any building which the authority have power
to erect ;
( c ) for the execution of any permanent work or the provision
of any plant or the doing of any other thing which the
authority have power to execute, provide or do and which
involves expenses of a capital nature or for the payment
of any sum of a capital nature ;
( d ) for the purpose of lending to a relevant authority or to any
community council established for the area of the local
authority or any part thereof under Part IV of the Act
of1973 ;
( e) for any other purpose for which the authority are authorised
under any enactment to borrow.
( 2) A local authority may borrow such sums as are required to
meet expenses, other than expenses to which sub- paragraph (1)
above relates, which the authority have power to incur in the exercise
of any of their functions ( excluding functions relating to a public
utility undertaking ) where by reason of their nature they are satisfied
that the expenses should be met by borrowing and repayment spread
over a term of years .
( 3) A local authority may borrow such sums as are necessary in
order to provide working capital or to meet any other expenses, not
being expenses of a capital nature, required for the purposes of
any public utility undertaking carried on by the authority :
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1215
Provided that-
( a ) the total sums borrowed under this sub- paragraph and for
the time being outstanding shall not, except with the consent
of the Secretary of State, exceed an amount representing
one half of the gross revenue of the undertaking for the
immediately preceding financial year ;
( b ) any sum borrowed under this sub-paragraph to defray ex-
penses shall be repaid as soon as reasonably practicable
and in any case before the expiration of the period within
which money borrowed to meet such expenses is ordinarily
repaid in the case of such an undertaking, so however
that any sum borrowed under this sub-paragraph shall be
repaid before the expiration of two years from the date of
borrowing, unless the consent of the Secretary of State is
obtained to repayment thereof being spread over a longer
period, and such consent may be given subject to such
conditions as the Secretary of State may determine.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs (1 ) (a ), ( b) and ( c ) and ( 2 ) above shall apply to
awater development board and to a river purification board as they
apply to a local authority.
66
( 5 ) In this paragraph " public utility undertaking " means a
transport or other revenue-producing undertaking of alocal authority.
SCH. 3
2 .- (1) Where a local authority are authorised under a statutory
borrowing power to borrow money, they may raise the money-
( a ) by mortgage,
( b ) by overdraft from a bank,
( c )by the issue of stock,
( d )bythe issue ofbonds,
( e ) by the issue of bills,
( f ) by an agreement entered into with the Public Works Loan
Commissioners under section 2 of the Public Works Loans 1965 c. 63.
Act 1965, or
( g ) by any other means approved by the Secretary of State with
the consent of the Treasury.
(2 ) The powers conferred by this paragraph shall be exercisable
subject to and in accordance with the following provisions of this
Schedule; and a local authority having power under a local enact-
ment to borrow money by way of any method referred to in sub-
paragraph (1 ) above shall not exercise that power in accordance with
the provisions of that enactment.
3. A local authority may borrow by way of temporary loan or
overdraft from a bank or otherwise any sums which they may
temporarily require-
( a ) for the purpose of defraying expenses ( including the pay-
ment of sums due by them to meet the expenses of other
authorities ) pending the receipt of revenues receivable by
them in respect of the year in which those expenses are
chargeable ;
H 4
1216 c .30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3 ( b) for the purpose of the raising of a loan in the exercise of
any statutory borrowing power.
4. The power of a local authority to borrow money by any means
includes power to raise money by those means outside the United
Kingdom or in a foreign currency, but only with the consent of ,
and in accordance with any conditions specified by, the Treasury.
5.- (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations made with the
consent of the Treasury-
( a ) prescribe the form of any mortgage to be entered into for
the purpose of any borrowing by a local authority,
( b ) regulate the issue of stocks and bonds or the creation of
any other security for any such purpose , including the
terms on which they are to be issued or created,
( c ) regulate the manner of transfer, dealing with and redeeming
any mortgage created, or stocks or bonds issued or any other
security created for any such purpose,
( d ) apply all or any of the provisions of sections 194 and 197
of the Act of 1973 ( execution of deeds and inspection and
deposit of documents) with or without modifications, to
any such mortgage, stock, bonds or other security,
( e ) make such incidental, consequential and supplemental pro-
vision as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary
or proper for bringing the regulations into operation and
giving them full effect.
(2) Different provisions may be made under this paragraph for
securities of different classes .
( 3) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this
paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament .
6.- (1) A local authority may borrow by the issue of bills, payable
within twelve months from the date of issue-
( a ) any sum which they are authorised to borrow under a
statutory borrowing power ; or
( b) such sums as may be required for the purpose of defraying
expenses (including those payable by them to meet the
expenses of other local authorities) pending the receipt of
revenues receivable by them in respect of the year in which
those expenses are chargeable.
( 2 ) The aggregate of the amount outstanding on bills issued by a
local authority under sub- paragraph (1) above shall not exceed-
( a ) a sum equal to such proportion of the authority's estimated
gross income from the regional, general, or district rate,
as the case may be, during the current year as may be
prescribed by an order made by the Treasury ; or
( b) if no such proportion is so prescribed , a sum equal to one-
fifth of the authority's estimated gross income as aforesaid.
( 3) A local authority shall not borrow by the issue of bills in any
year during which the authority's estimated gross income as aforesaid
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1217
does not exceed £ 3 million or such other sum as may be prescribed
by an order made by the Treasury.
( 4 ) A statutory instrument containing an order under this para-
graph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament.
7. A local authority may issue bonds transferable by delivery
( with or without endorsement) and other securities so transferable,
but only with the consent of, and in accordance with any conditions
specified by, the Treasury .
8.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph and notwith-
standing anything in any other enactment, all money borrowed under
any statutory borrowing power by a local authority shall be secured
upon the whole funds, rates and revenues of the authority and not
otherwise ; and all money borrowed by a local authority by what-
ever method shall be deemed to have the same charge and security
and shall rank pari passu.
In this sub-paragraph references to sums borrowed by a local
authority shall be deemed to include references to any sum which
was borrowed by some other authority, and which the local authority
in consequence of a transfer of functions or otherwise are liable to
repay to the creditors .
( 2 ) The interest and dividends for the time being payable in respect
of money so borrowed by a local authority shall be the first charge
on the rates and revenues comprising the security for the said money.
( 3) Sub-paragraphs (1 ) and ( 2) above shall not apply in the case
of money borrowed for the purposes of the common good by an
islands or district council having a common good, nor shall the
security created by those sub-paragraphs include the common good
of the islands area or district or the revenues thereof.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs (1) and ( 2) above shall not apply in the case
of money borrowed by a local authority for the purposes of any trust
under any deed of trust or other document, nor shall the security
created by those sub-paragraphs include the funds held under any
such trust .
9. Two or more local authorities may combine to exercise their
powers of borrowing under this Schedule jointly, and where they do
50-
( a ) any limit on the amount which each authority may borrow
shall apply to the amount which each authority receive from
the joint loan ;
(b ) paragraph 8 above shall apply to the money so borrowed
as if references to a local authority were references to the
local authority by whom the money is received.
Loans
10.- (1) A local authority may lend to another authority mentioned
in sub-paragraph (2) below, on such terms as may be agreed between
them, such sums as that other authority may require for any purpose
for which that other authority are authorised to borrow money by or
SCH. 3
1218 c . 30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1964 с. 40.
under this Act or any other enactment; and they may also lend
such sums as they consider appropriate to a community council
established for their area or any part thereof , on such terms as may
be agreed between them.
( 2 ) The authorities to whom sums may be lent under sub-paragraph
(1) above are any authority to which section 118 of the Act of 1973
applies or any other public authority approved by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of this paragraph.
11 .- ( 1) A local authority may make loans to a harbour authority
for a harbour wholly or partly situated within the area of the local
authority, on such terms as may be agreed between them, for any
purpose for which the harbour authority are authorised to borrow
money.
( 2 ) In this paragraph "harbour" and "harbour authority " have
the same meanings as in the Harbours Act 1964.
Loansfund
12.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a
local authority shall , as from 16th May 1975, establish a fund ( " the
loans fund ") which shall be applicable to all money borrowed by
the authority and the redemption or repayment thereof and the
payment of interest or dividends thereon and shall be part of the
general fund of the authority ; and the loans fund shall be adminis-
tered in accordance with paragraphs 13 to 21 below.
( 2 ) Aloans fund of an islands or district council shall not apply
to money borrowed for the common good of the islands area or
district .
13 .- (1) All capital assets and liabilities which are transferred to a
local authority from an authority which ceases to exist on 16th May
1975, other than property which is subject to section 128 of the Act
of 1973 or which is referred to in section 222( 2) or 223 of that Act,
shall be paid into or transferred to the loans fund of the local
authority.
( 2 ) All investments transferred to the loans fund as from 16th May
1975 shall be entered in the accounts of the loans fund at the value
shown on the account from which they are transferred.
14. Any statutory borrowing power vested in a local authority on
or after 16th May 1975 shall be exercisable by them only in the
following manner-
( a ) by borrowing in accordance with this Schedule and carrying
to the loans fund such sums as are necessary to enable that
fund to make to the appropriate borrowing account of the
local authority or to a relevant authority the advances which
are required for the purpose for which the statutory
borrowing power is available ; and
(b ) by making from the loans fund such advances to the appro-
priate borrowing account of the local authority or to a
relevant authority, as the case may be.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1219
15.- (1) Subject to sub- paragraph ( 2 ) below, all sums advanced to
aborrowing account of a local authority or to a relevant authority
shall be repaid within the fixed period by equal yearly or half-yearly
instalments of principal, or, where repayment is on the annuity
system, by equal yearly or half- yearly instalments of principal and
interest combined; and the authority shall in each year debit the
borrowing account or charge to the relevant authority the sums
required in that year for the repayment of the advance.
( 2 ) In any case where-
( a ) a local authority make an advance to any person rson and the
expenditure incurred in making the advance is defrayed by
borrowing ; and
( b ) the terms of that advance are such that repayment is to be
made otherwise than by equal yearly or half- yearly instal-
ments of principal or of principal and interest combined ;
and
( c ) apart from this sub-paragraph, the local authority would
have no power, with respect to the expenditure referred to in
paragraph ( a ) above, to vary the sums which would other-
wise bedebited or charged under sub-paragraph (1) above or
to suspend their obligation under that sub-paragraph ;
the local authority may, under sub-paragraph (1) above, debit to the
borrowing account from which, or charge to the relevant authority
by whom, the expenditure referred to in paragraph ( a ) above would
otherwise fall to be defrayed, sums of different amounts ( whether or
not including instalments of principal) in respect of different years
in order to take account of the terms on which their advance falls to
be repaid .
( 3) Subject to paragraph 16 below, the first payment to the loans
fund shall be made within twelve months, or where the money is
repayable by half- yearly instalments within six months, from the date
of the advance.
16.- (1 ) Where a sum is advanced from the loans fund in accord-
ance with paragraph 14 above for any of the following purposes-
( a ) meeting expenditure on the construction of new, or the ex-
tension or alteration of existing, works forming or to form
part of an undertaking of a revenue-producing character ;
(b ) carrying out on land any other operations, being operations
of a prescribed kind or operations specified in relation to
that land by direction of the Secretary of State ;
( c ) acquiring land for the purpose of the construction thereon of
new, or the extension or alteration of existing, works form-
ing or to form part of an undertaking of a revenue-producing
character, or for the purpose of the carrying out thereon of
operations of a kind prescribed by virtue of paragraph ( b)
above, or operations specified in relation to that land by
direction of the Secretary of State ;
( d ) acquiring land specified by direction of the Secretary of State ;
the authority may, subject to the consent of the Secretary of State,
suspend in whole or in part any annual provision required under
SCH. 3
1220 c .30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3 paragraph 15 above for the repayment from the borrowing account
or by the relevant authority of the sum so advanced for such period
( not being a period longer than the period during which the expen-
diture remains unremunerative or the period of five years from the
commencement of the year next after that in which the expenditure
commences to be incurred, whichever is the shorter ) and subject to
such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine.
( 2) Where any annual provision required to be made for the repay-
ment of any sum has been suspended under sub- paragraph ( 1) above,
a local authority may borrow for the purpose of payment, during the
period of the suspension, of interest on that sum.
( 3) Where by virtue of paragraph 15 above a local authority are
required to debit a sum to the borrowing account or charge a sum to a
relevant authority and they suspend, in whole or in part, any annual
provision for the repayment of the principal, they may refrain from
debiting to that account or charging to the relevant authority an
amount equal to the amount of the annual provision so suspended.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations
made by the Secretary of State.
17.- (1 ) The authority shall at the time an advance is made under
paragraph 14 above determine-
( a) the period within which the advance is to be repaid to the
loans fund, being a period not exceeding the fixed period ;
and
( b ) the amount of each of the periodical payments required to
repay the advance within the period so determined, and the
date on which the first of the said payments is to be made.
( 2) The periodical payments shall be either equal yearly or half-
yearly instalments of principal or , where the advance is to be repaid
on the annuity system, equal yearly or half- yearly instalments of
principal and interest combined, the amount of principal included in
each instalment being separately stated.
( 3) The periodical payments shall so far as practicable be so
adjusted as to be expressed in complete pounds.
( 4) This paragraph shall apply with the necessary modifications in
the case of advances from the loans fund to a relevant authority.
18. In the event of it appearing at any time from a report by the
Controller of Audit or otherwise that the authority specified therein
have failed duly to make payment of interest or of the appropriate
periodical sums required to be set aside for the repayment of
advances made from the loans fund as aforesaid, or that the
provisions of this Schedule or any regulations made thereunder
have otherwise not been duly complied with, the Secretary of State
may apply by petition to the Court of Session to have the authority
ordained to make such payment and to comply in such other manner
with the provisions of this Schedule or such regulations as may be
necessary in the circumstances, and the Court are hereby authorised
to do therein as shall appear to be just.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c.30
1221
19. Without prejudice to paragraph 18 above, the Secretary of
State may from time to time as he thinks fit cause an investigation
to be made into the administration of the loans fund of the authority,
who shall bear the expenses of such investigation.
20.- (1) If at any time any sums due by way of principal or
interest on any security created by a local authority remain unpaid
for a period of two months after demand in writing, the person
entitled thereto, being the holder of such a security to the amount
of not less than £1,000, or the persons entitled thereto, being the
holders of such securities amounting together to not less than £2,000,
may present a petition to the Court of Session for the appointment
of a judicial factor, and the Court may , if they think fit , appoint a
judicial factor.
( 2 ) Subject to the directions of the Court, the judicial factor shall
have all the powers of the local authority or their proper officer
of levying rates, making requisitions on rating authorities and
collecting and recovering sums due to the authority in respect of
rates or requisitions and any other sums whatsoever due to the
authority and such other powers and duties as the Court think fit,
and shall apply all money received by him, after payment of
expenses including a proper remuneration for his trouble, as the
Court direct for the purposes of this Schedule.
( 3) The judicial factor shall have such access to and use of the
books and documents of the local authority as he may require.
( 4 ) The powers conferred by this paragraph shall be in addition
to and not in derogation of any other powers competent to the
holder of a security for enforcing payment of the sums due under
the security.
21 .- (1) Notwithstanding anything in this Schedule, the Secretary
of State may by regulations make such provision as appears to him
necessary or expedient with respect to the operation of the loans
fund of a local authority and such regulations may apply generally
or in the case of any particular authority or class of authority.
( 2 ) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this para-
graph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
Capital, Renewal and Repair Funds
22.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, a local authority
may establish either or both of the following funds-
( a ) a capital fund, to be used for defraying any expenditure of
the authority to which capital is properly applicable, or
in providing money for repayment of the principal of loans
( but not any payment of interest on loans) ;
( b) a renewal and repair fund, to be used for the purpose of
defraying expenditure to be incurred from time to time in
repairing, maintaining, replacing and renewing any build-
ings, works, plant, equipment or articles belonging to the
authority .
SCH. 3
1222 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1964 с. 67.
( 2 ) A fund established by a local authority under this paragraph
shall not be used to meet , directly or indirectly, any expenditure
incurred by the authority for the purposes of a statutory undertaking
of the authority , being a transport, district heating, harbour, dock,
pier or ferry undertaking or a market or civic restaurant.
In this sub- paragraph, " pier " and " ferry " do not include a pier
or ferry provided under section 2( 2 ) of the Local Government
( Development and Finance ) ( Scotland ) Act 1964.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, pending the
application of any such fund as aforesaid for the purposes authorised
by this paragraph, the money in the fund shall ( unless applied in
any other manner authorised by any enactment) be advanced to the
loans fund or invested in trustee securities.
( 4) The provisions of this paragraph shall be in addition to and
not in substitution for any other enactment authorising a local
authority to establish a fund for a purpose for which a fund may be
established under this paragraph ; and a local authority may
amalgamate any fund established by them under any other enactment
with any corresponding fund established by them under this
paragraph .
23.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, a local authority by
whom a capital fund is established under paragraph 22 above may
pay into that fund-
( a ) any sums derived from the sale of any property of the local
authority, not being property held by them for any such
purposes as are mentioned in paragraph 22( 2) above ; and
( b ) such sums as the local authority may from time to time by
resolution direct ;
and shall pay into that fund a sum equal to the amount of any income
arising from the fund.
( 2 ) Except with the consent of the Secretary of State, money
received from the disposal of any property to which the local autho-
rity's housing revenue account relates shall not be paid into any
such capital fund.
( 3) All money applied from any such capital fund may, if the
local authority think fit , be repaid from the account to which that
money is advanced by such annual instalments ( with or without
interest) and within such period as the local authority may determine.
24.- (1) A local authority by whom a renewal and repair fund is
established under paragraph 22 above may from time to time pay
into that fund such sums as they may by resolution direct.
( 2 ) The purposes for which any such renewal and repair fund may
be applied shall not include the defraying of expenditure of an
undertaking of the local authority in respect of which the authority
are authorised to provide a reserve fund.
25.- (1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a local
authority may use, for any purpose for which the authority has a
statutory borrowing power, any money forming part of, but not for
the time being required for the purposes of , any fund of theirs to
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1223
which this paragraph applies ; and where any such money is so used
the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.
( 2 ) The money so used shall be repaid to the said fund as
follows:-
( a ) it shall be repaid as and when it is required for the purposes
ofthat fund ;
( b ) if not required to be repaid earlier under paragraph ( a )
above, it shall be repaid within the period within which a
loan raised under the statutory borrowing power would be
repayable, or at such time before the expiration of that
period as the authority may resolve.
( 3) The statutory borrowing power shall be deemed to be exercised
by the use of money under this paragraph as fully in all respects as
if aloan of the same amount had been raised in exercise of the power.
( 4 ) This paragraph applies to any fund established for the repay-
ment of debt, or as a reserve, or for the maintenance, renewal or
repair of property, or for superannuation of staff, or for insurance,
or otherwise for meeting future expenditure of a capital or non-
recurring nature, or for any like purpose.
"
( 5 ) In this paragraph " statutory borrowing power does not
include the power to borrow by way of temporary loan or overdraft
conferred by paragraph 3 above.
( 6) The powers conferred by this paragraph are in addition to, and
not in derogation of , the powers conferred by or under any other
enactment.
SCH. 3
Miscellaneous
26. A person lending money to a local authority shall not be bound
to inquire whether the borrowing of the money is legal or regular or
whether the money raised was properly applied and shall not be
prejudiced by any illegality or irregularity, or by the misapplication
or non-application of any of that money.
27. The provisions of paragraphs 1 to 9 of this Schedule shall
not apply to any local bonds issued under the Housing ( Scotland ) 1966 с. 49.
Act 1966 or any previous corresponding enactment, or the power
conferred on a local authority by that Act to issue local bonds.
28.- ( 1) Subject to paragraph 1( 4 ) above and sub - paragraph (2)
below, the provisions of this Schedule shall, subject to any necessary
modifications, apply to a joint board having power to borrow money,
a water development board or a river purification board, as they
apply to a local authority.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make such provisions
as seem to him necessary or expedient with respect to the application
of the provisions of this Schedule to the aforesaid boards , either
generally or to any particular board or class of board.
1224 1966с. 49.
c .30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
( 3 ) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this para-
graph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
29. Save as otherwise expressly provided, the provisions of this
Schedule in their application to money borrowed before the com-
mencement of this Act by a local authority under a local enactment
shall be subject to the provisions of such local enactment so far
as inconsistent with the provisions hereof.
30. Nothing in this Schedule shall apply to or affect the power of
an islands or district council having a common good to borrow on
the security of the common good or any loan secured thereon.
31. In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise requires-
" advance ", in relation to the loans fund and a borrowing
account of a local authority , means the transfer of money
by way of loan from the loans fund to the appropriate
borrowing account in exercise of a statutory borrowing
power ;
"borrowing account ", in relation to a local authority, means an
account of the authority relating to a purpose for which
the authority have a statutory borrowing power ;
"fixed period ", in relation to any sum advanced to a borrowing
account or to a relevant authority, means such period not
exceeding 30 years from the date of the advance as the
local authority determine or such other period as the Secre-
tary of State may determine in any particular case or for
the purpose of any enactment ;
"loans fund " means the loans fund established under this
Schedule ;
"mortgage " means a deed containing an assignation by way of
security of the funds, rates and revenues of a local
authority ;
" relevant authority " means any authority to whom a local
authority may make a loan under paragraph 10 or 11
above ;
66
security " , in relation to a local authority, means a mortgage,
abond, a deposit receipt or other document of debt issued
by the authority and the security created thereby (including
stock created by the authority or a certificate in respect of
such stock) by or under any enactment, but does not
include a local bond issued under the Housing (Scotland )
Act 1966 or any previous corresponding enactment or a
heritable security or other deed of security or document of
debt affecting the common good of an islands area or
district ;
66
statutory borrowing power " means any power to borrow
money conferred on a local authority by or under any
enactment , but does not include the power of an islands
or district council to borrow for the purposes of the
common good ;
" trustee securities " means any security in which trustees are for
the time being authorised by law to invest trust money.
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1225
SCHEDULE 4
THE COMMISSIONER
Disqualifications
1 .- ( 1 ) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed as, or
for being , the Commissioner if-
( a ) he is disqualified for being elected, or being a member of
any of the authorities mentioned in section 23 of this Act ;
or
(b ) he is a member of any of those authorities or is a member
( by co -option ) of a committee of any of those authorities ;
or
( c ) he has been a member of any of those authorities or has
been a member ( by co -option ) of a committee of any of
those authorities within 5 years before the date from
which the appointment would take effect .
( 2 ) The acts and proceedings of a person appointed as the
Commissioner and acting in that office shall, notwithstanding his
disqualification under this paragraph, be as valid and effectual as
if he had been qualified.
2. The Commissioner, during his term of office and for 3 years
thereafter, shall be disqualified for being appointed to any paid
office by any of the authorities mentioned in section 23 of this Act.
Remuneration, etc.
3.- (1) The designated body shall pay to the Commissioner and
his officers such amounts, by way of remuneration , pensions, allow-
ances or gratuities or by way of provision for any such benefits,
as the Secretary of State may determine, but any such amount which
the Secretary of State determines to be payable to the Commissioner
shall be subject to the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
( 2 ) If a person ceases to be the Commissioner and it appears
to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances which
make it right that that person should receive compensation, the
designated body shall pay to that person a sum of such amount as
the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Minister for
the Civil Service, determine.
Staff and accommodation
4.- (1 ) The Commissioner may appoint a secretary and such
other officers as he may consider to be required for the discharge
of his functions, but the amount of remuneration payable to the
secretary and such officers and the number of such officers to be
appointed shall be subject to the approval of the designated body.
(2 ) The designated body shall, after consultation with the Com-
missioner, make such arrangements as they may consider to be
required for the provision of offices and other accommodation in
connection with the discharge of the Commissioner's functions.
Section 21 .
1226 SCH. 4
1975 с. 24.
1975 с. 25 .
Section 24.
c . 30
LocalGovernment ( Scotland ) Act 1975
( 3) Any function of the Commissioner, other than that of making
any report, maybe performed by any of his officers who is authorised
for the purpose by the Commissioner.
Expenses of the Commissioner
5. All reasonable expenses incurred by the Commissioner and his
officers shall be defrayed by the designated body .
Disqualification for membership of the House of Commons
and the Northern Ireland Assembly
6. In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualifi-
cationAct 1975 and in Part III of Schedule 1 to the Northern Ireland
Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 there shall ( at the appropriate
place in alphabetical order ) be inserted the following entry:-
" The Commissioner for Local Administration in Scotland ; ".
SCHEDULE 5
MATTERS NOT SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
1. The commencement or conduct of civil or criminal proceedings
beforeany court of law .
2. Action taken by any authority in connection with the investiga-
tion or prevention of crime.
3.- (1) Action taken in matters relating to contractual or other
commercial transactions of any authority to which Part II of this
Act applies, including transactions falling within sub - paragraph (2 )
below but excluding transactions falling within sub- paragraph ( 3)
below.
( 2) The transactions mentioned in sub -paragraph (1) above as
included in the matters which, by virtue of that sub -paragraph, are
not subject to investigation are all transactions of an authority to
which Part II of this Act applies relating to the operation of public
passenger transport, the carrying on of a dock or harbour under-
taking , the provision of entertainment, or the provision and operation
of industrial establishments and of markets.
( 3) The transactions mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above as not
included in those matters are-
( a ) transactions for or relating to the acquisition or disposal of
land; and
( b) all transactions ( not being transactions falling within sub-
paragraph ( 2 ) above ) in the discharge of functions exercis-
ableunder any public general Act, other than those required
for the procurement of the goods and services necessary to
discharge those functions.
4. Action taken in respect of appointments or removals, pay,
discipline, superannuation or other personnel matters.
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1227
5. Any action concerning-
( a ) the giving of instruction , whether secular or religious, or
( b ) conduct, curriculum, internal organisation , management or
discipline,
in any educational establishment under the management of an
education authority .
SCH. 5
SCHEDULE 6
ADAPTATION AND AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS
PART I
GENERAL ADAPTATION OF ENACTMENTS
1. Any reference in any enactment to an entry in the roll made by
the Assessor of Public Undertakings ( Scotland ), however expressed,
shall be construed as a reference to a direction given by the Assessor
under section 5 of this Act.
2. Any reference in the Valuation Acts or in any enactment
having effect by virtue of those Acts to " year ", however expressed,
shall be construed as respects the year 1975-76 as a reference to
a period commencing on 16th May 1975 and ending on 31st March
1976 and as respects any later year as a period of twelve months
ending with 31st March.
PART II
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Lands Valuation (Scotland ) Act 1854 (с. 91)
1. In section 7 (assessor may call for written statement of rent) -
( a ) for the words from " within the county or burgh " to " such
county or burgh " there shall be substituted the words
" within his area for a return containing such particulars as
may be reasonably required for the purpose of enabling him
to value the lands and heritages " ;
( b) for the words " of such yearly rent or value or other particu-
lars as aforesaid " there shall be substituted the words " in
such return ".
2. In section 24 ( notice of valuation) -
( a ) the words " in each year " shall cease to have effect ;
66
( b ) for the words every entry in his valuation roll " there
shall be substituted the words " the direction given by him
under section 5 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1975 " ";
(c ) after the words " such valuation " there shall be inserted in
words " as contained in the direction ".
3. In section 25 ( appeal by parish, county or burgh interested in
the valuation of any company) , for the words from the beginning to
" contained to " there shall be substituted the words " Any local
Section 38(1) .
1228 c .30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 6
1902 с. 25.
authority having an interest in any entry in the valuation roll made
in consequence of a direction givenby the Assessor of Public Under-
takings ( Scotland ) under section 5of the Local Government ( Scotland )
Act 1975 may".
4. For section 35 (valuation rolls preserved in the General Register
House) , there shall be substituted the following section-
" Preserva-
35. The assessor for each valuation area shall as soon
tionof
as is reasonably practicable after a valuation roll has
valuation rolls bythe
ceased to be in force transmit that roll to the Keeper of
Keeper of Records.
the Records of Scotland for preservation by him.".
5. In section 42 (interpretation ), in the definition of " machinery
fixed or attached " (set out in section 1 of the Lands Valuation
66
( Scotland) Amendment Act 1902 ) the words save as herein pro-
vided " shall cease to have effect and at the end there shall be added
the words " nor, after the year 1977-78, include any electric motor
used in any industrial or trade process, whether in a building or not ".
The Sporting Lands Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1886 ( c. 15 )
6. In section 6 ( valuation of shootings and deer forests ), for the
word " parish " wherever it occurs there shall be substituted the
words " islands area or district " .
The Valuation of Lands ( Scotland ) Acts Amendment Act 1894 ( c. 36 )
7. In section 7 ( extension of meaning of word company), for the
words " the valuation roll to be made up " there shall be substituted
the words " any valuation made ".
The Rating and Valuation ( Apportionment) Act 1928 ( c. 44 )
8. In section 9(13) (application to Scotland), for the words from
" (including " to " so amended" there shall be substituted the words
"made up under the Valuation Acts as defined in section 37 of
the Local Government ( Scotland )Act 1975 ".
The Railways (Valuation for Rating ) Act 1930 ( c. 24)
9. In section 22( 7 ) (amendment of other Acts), for the words
" made up by the Assessor " there shall be substituted the words
" in consequence of a direction given by the Assessor under section 5
of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
The Water ( Scotland ) Act 1946 (c. 42)
10. In Schedule 1 ( procedure for making orders and making and
confirming byelaws)
( a ) in paragraph 25(b ), for the words " local authority of every
"
there shall be substituted the words " council of every region
or " ;
(b ) in paragraph 27, for the words from " exceeding " to the end
there shall be substituted the words " 10p for every hundred
words contained in the copy, as they may determine " ;
LocalGovernment ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1229
( c) in paragraph 30, for the words from " exceeding " to the end there shall be substituted the words " 20p for every copy
as the authority or board may determine " ;
( d ) in paragraph 31, for the words " clerk or secretary " there
shall be substituted the words " proper officer ".
The Civic Restaurants Act 1947 ( c. 22)
11. In section 3 ( financial provisions), in subsection (1) the words
from " and the form of the account " to the end, and in subsection ( 2)
the words from " and if the account " to the end shall cease to have
effect .
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947 ( с. 43)
12. In section 235 (rating authority may require power to furnish
statement of lets) -
( a ) in subsection (1) the words " and of the rents for which the
same are let " shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) in subsection (2), for the words " ten pounds" and " twenty
pounds" there shall be substituted respectively the words
" £50 " and " £100 ", and the words " or the rent for any of
the said lands and heritages " shall cease to have effect.
13. In section 243 ( occupiers' rates not to be levied in respect of
unlet and unoccupied subjects) —
66
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words from year from Whit-
sunday " to the end there shall be substituted the words
" financial year, or, in the case of lands and heritages which
are first entered in the valuation roll during the course of the
financial year, throughout the whole of the period between
the date when such entry becomes effective and the end
of the financial year " ;
( b) in subsection (2) for the words from " year from " to " fit "
there shall be substituted the words " financial year, the
rating authority shall " .
The Local Government Act 1948 (c. 26 )
14. In section 100(3) (provisions as to making and division of pay-
ments for benefit of local authorities) , for the words from " according
to their " to the end there shall be substituted the words " among
local authorities or any classes thereof in accordance with regulations
made by him under section 111 of the Local Government (Scotland )
Act 1973." .
The Water (Scotland ) Act 1949 (c. 31)
15. In section 2 ( provisions as to liability for domestic water
rate), at the end of subsection (1A) there shall be added the words
66 or which are occupied by a water authority for the purposes of a
water undertaking or by a water development board ".
16. In section 20(1 ) (provisions as to levying of , and exemptions
ود
from, rates) , after " requisitions) there shall be inserted the
words " Part VII of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
and sections 7 to 10 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 " .
SCH. 6
1230 c .30
LocalGovernment ( Scotland )Act 1975
SCH. 6 The Rating and Valuation ( Scotland ) Act 1952 ( c. 47 )
17. In section 3 ( notice to rating authorities ofAssessor's proposed
valuation ) -
( a ) in subsection (1) , the words " in each year" shall cease to
have effect, and for the words "entry proposed to be made
by such Assessor in his valuation roll" there shall be sub-
stituted the words " direction proposed to be given by such
Assessor under section 5of the Local Government ( Scotland )
Act 1975" ;
(b) in subsection ( 2 ), for the word " entry " wherever it occurs
and for the words " his valuation roll " there shall be sub-
stituted respectively the words " direction" and "such
direction".
18. In section 4 ( Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland ) to
amend his valuation roll to give effect to appeal ), the word " roll "
shall cease to have effect, and at the end there shall be added the
words " and shall give a further direction under section 5 of the
LocalGovernment ( Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
The Pests Act 1954 (c. 68)
19. For section 6 (charges for inspection of ships ), there shall be
substituted the following section-
" Charges for 6. A local authority within the meaning of the Public
inspection of Health ( Scotland ) Act 1945 or a port local authority
ships . within the meaning of section 172 of the Public Health
( Scotland ) Act 1897 may impose such charges as appear
to the authority to be appropriate for any inspection of a
vessel made by an officer of the authority for the purposes
of any Order inCouncil under section 23 of the Prevention
of Damage by Pests Act 1949.".
The Valuation and Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1956 (c. 60)
20. In section 13 ( time for giving notices etc . ) -
( a ) at the end of subsection (1) there shall be added the words
"; and an order under this section may relate to local
authorities generally or to any class of local authority " ;
( b ) subsection ( 2) shall cease to have effect .
21. In section 43(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " the
Valuation Acts " at the end there shall be added the words " and the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
22. In Schedule 4 ( rating of Gas Boards), in paragraph 10, for the
words from " enter " to the end there shall be substituted the words
"direct the local assessor under section 5 of the Local Government
(Scotland ) Act 1975 to enter the lands and heritages at such rateable
values in the valuation roll and shall notify the amount of the
rateable values to the rating authority concerned and to the Board
before such date as may be prescribed".
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1231
The Local Government ( Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act
1963 ( c. 12 )
23. In section 7( 4 ) ( apportionment ), for the words "the fifteenth
day of March " there shall be substituted the words " the date
prescribed by order under section 13 of the Act of 1956 ".
24. In section 9 ( meaning of product of a rate of one penny in the
poundand standard penny rate product ) -
( a ) in subsection ( 3) for the words from " amount " to the end
there shall be substituted the words" product of the weighted
population of the district or islands area and the national
standard amount per head for that year. " ;
(b) subsection ( 4 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5 ) after the word " area " there shall be inserted
the words " and the national standard amount per head ".
25. In section 15 ( proceedings before valuation appeal
committees) -
( a ) in subsection ( 2) for the words " 5 of the Act of 1956 " there
shall be substituted the words " 4 of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1975 and the procedure in appeals and
complaints to such committees " ;
( b) for subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 3) Regulations under this section may provide for the
amendment or repeal of any enactment which is incon-
sistent with or superseded by any provision contained in
the regulations.".
26. In section 22 (miscellaneous amendments of Act of 1956
relating to valuation and rating ), in paragraph ( d ) for the words
from " in years " to the end there shall be substituted the words " as
he may consider appropriate ".
27. In section 26(1) (interpretation ), in the definition of " year of
revaluation " for the words " 9 of the Act of 1956 " there shall be
substituted the words " 37 of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act
1975 ".
The Public Works Loans Act 1964 (c. 9)
28. In section 6(1) (re-borrowing powers of public authorities), for
the words " section 277(1) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act
1947" there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 3 to the Local
Government ( Scotland) Act 1975 " .
The Teaching Council (Scotland ) Act 1965 (c. 19)
29. In Schedule 1 (constitution of the Council) -
( a ) in paragraph 1(1)( b) for items ( i ) and (ii) there shall be
substituted the following item-
" (i ) four by the Convention of Scottish Local
Authorities ; " ;
( b) in paragraph 4( 1) for the words " paragraph 5( 3) " there
shall be substituted the words " paragraphs 5( 3) and 5A " ;
SCH. 6
1232 c .30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 6 ( c ) after paragraph 5 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
" 5A . On 16th May 1975 each person holding office
as a member of the Council who has been appointed by
the Association of County Councils in Scotland or by
the Scottish Counties of Cities Association shall go out of
office ; and any person, appointed as a member of the
Council by the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities
by virtue of paragraph 1(1)(b)(i) of this Schedule in
respect of the period of office of members of the Council
current at the date of the commencement of paragraph
29 of Schedule 6 to the Local Government (Scotland )
Act 1975, shall hold office until 31st January 1979
inclusive. ".
The Public Works Loans Act 1965 (c. 63)
30. In section 2 ( new form of local loan and automatic charge for
securing it ) -
( a ) for subsection (1)(b) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" ( b) in relation to Scotland, any local authority within
the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act
1973 and any joint board or joint committee of any such
local authority " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " Part XII of the said Act
of 1947 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 3
to the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5 ), for the words " section 261 of the Local
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " paragraph 8 of Schedule 3 to the
said Act of 1975 " .
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 (c. 49)
31. In Schedule 7 ( provisions as to local bonds ), in paragraph 6 for
the words " Part XII of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 "
there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 3 to the Local
Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966 ( c. 51)
32. In section 15 (valuation according to tone of roll), in subsection
( 1 ), for the words " for a year other than a year of revaluation " there
shall be substituted the words " at any time the valuation roll is in
force".
33. In section 24 (liability to be rated in respect of certain
unoccupied property ) -
( a ) in subsections (1), ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) for the words " three months "
there shall be substituted the words " six months " :
( b ) subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1233
34. In section 25 ( provisions supplementary to section 24) -
( a ) subsection ( 2 ) shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " three months " there shall
be substituted the words " six months " and in paragraph
( d ) for the words " Minister of Public Building and Works "
there shall be substituted the words " Secretary of State ".
35. In section 27 ( notification of unoccupied dwelling-houses) -
( a ) in subsection ( 2), the words " subject to the next following
subsection " and the words from " and no reduction " to
the end shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4) for the word " rating " there shall be
substituted the word " local ".
36. In section 46( 1) ( general interpretation ) , in the definition of
"
year of revaluation " for the words " 9 of the Valuation and Rating
(Scotland ) Act 1956 " there shall be substituted the words " 37 of the
Local Government (Scotland) Act 1975 ”.
37. In Schedule 2 ( valuation of water undertakings) -
( a ) in paragraph 1, the words " and shall enter such value in the
valuation roll " shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) in paragraph 2, for the words " entered in the valuation
roll referred to in" there shall be substituted the words
" determined by the Assessor in accordance with " ;
( c ) in paragraph 4, for the words " 31st December " there shall
be substituted the words " such date as may be prescribed " ;
( d ) in paragraph 16 , after the words " Assessor shall " there shall
be inserted the words " give a direction under section 5 of
the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 to the local
assessor to " ;
(e ) in paragraph 17 , after the words " and shall " there shall be
inserted the words "give a direction under section 5 of the
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1975 to the local assessor
to" ;
( f ) in paragraph 19, for the words " 31st December " there shall
be substituted the words " such date as may be prescribed " ;
( g) paragraph 23 and, in paragraph 27, the definition of
valuation roll" shall cease to have effect.66
38. In Schedule 3 ( rating of unoccupied property ), in paragraph
3( 6) for the words " 349 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1947 " there shall be substituted the words " 192 of the Local Govern-
ment ( Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Water ( Scotland ) Act 1967 (c. 78)
39. In section 12 ( calculation of amount to be requisitioned by
regional water boards ), in subsection ( 2)( b) for the words between
"' relevant financial year " and " authority, and there shall be
substituted the words " means, in the case of a requisition in respect
of the financial year 1975-76, that year, and, in the case of a
requisition in respect of any subsequent financial year, the financial
SCH. 6
1234 c . 30
LocalGovernment ( Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 6 year in respect of which the requisition is made or, if the water
authority and the contributing authority agree, the financial year
of the contributing authority immediately preceding the year in
respect of which the requisition is made on the ".
The National Loans Act 1968 ( c. 13 )
40. In paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 ( local loans ), for the words
" 379(1) of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947" there shall
be substituted the words " 235(1) of the Local Government ( Scotland )
Act 1973.".
The Transport Act 1968 ( c. 73 )
41. In section 12(7 )(b) (borrowing powers of Executive ), for the
words " section 278 of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1947 "
there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 26 of Schedule 3 to
the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1975 ".
42. In section 19(1) (transfer of control of bus services to Execu-
66
tive ), for the words from " Minister has received " to acopy of"
there shall be substituted the words " Authority for a designated
area have caused to be published ".
The Post Office Act 1969 (c. 48)
43. In section 53( 2 ) ( rating in Scotland ), for the words from
" entered " to the end there shall be substituted the words " appor-
tioned by the Assessor of Public Undertakings ( Scotland ) among rat-
ing areas in such manner as the Secretary of State may by order deter-
mine and the Assessor shall direct the local assessor under section 5
of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 to enter the values as so
apportioned inthe valuation roll ".
The Local Government ( Footpaths and Open Spaces )
( Scotland ) Act 1970 (c. 28 )
44. In section 5 (interpretation ), in the definition of ' local
authority ' , for the words " a town council or a county" there shall
be substituted the words " , in sections 1 and 2, a regional or islands
council, and in section 3, a regional, islands or district ".
The Breeding of Dogs Act 1973 ( c. 60 )
45. In section 1 (licensing ) -
( a ) in subsection (2), for the words " Secretary of State may by
order " there shall be substituted the words " local authority
may " ;
( b ) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect .
The Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 (с. 65 )
46. In section 49 ( application of sections 45 to 47 to certain
bodies ) -
(a ) subsection (1)(b) shall cease to have effect ;
( b ) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
"(1A ) Sections 45 to 47 of this Act shall apply to
any local valuation panel or valuation appeal committee
but as if the payments referred to in those sections were
made by the valuation authority.".
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1235
47. In section 94 (capital expenses) , after subsection (1) there shall
be inserted the following subsection-
" (1A ) The giving of approval by a local authority as a
Passenger Transport Authority to any proposal for expenditure
referred to in section 15(1) ( c ) of the Transport Act 1968 shall
be deemed for the purposes of this section to be an incurring
of liability by the authority to meet capital expenses.".
48. In section 97(6 ) (Commission for Local Authority Accounts in
Scotland ), after the words " includes ", "Audit, " and " accountants,
and" there shall be inserted respectively the words " (a ) " , " (b) ”
and" ( c )".
49. In section 113 (persons eligible for rate rebates) -
( a ) for paragraph ( b) of subsection (1) there shall be substituted
the following paragraph-
"( b ) a person who is the occupier of lands and
heritages which are not a dwelling- house, but who resides
or is usually resident in a part of the lands and heritages
which is used for the purposes of a private dwelling and
has at the relevant date a rateable value which does not
exceed any limit prescribed ; " ;
(b ) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ) for the word " paragraph " there shall be
substituted the words " paragraphs ( b) and " and at the end
there shall be added the words 66
; but in determining any
such question the sheriff shall have regard to any apportion-
ment shown in the valuation roll ".
50. In section 125 (school and college councils), after subsection
( 3) there shall be inserted the following subsections-
" (3A) Notwithstanding any rule of law, a person in minority
shall be eligible to be appointed as a member of a school or
college council.
(3B) Without prejudice to the entitlement of a member of a
school or college council who is also a member of a body to
which sections 45 and 46 of this Act apply to receive allow-
ances under those sections, an education authority may pay
to any member of such a council-
( a ) in respect of his attendance at a meeting of the council,
or
( b ) in respect of the doing by him of anything approved
by the authority, or anything of a class so approved ,
for the purpose of, or in connection with, the discharge
ofthe functions of the council,
such allowances, in the nature of those payable under those
sections, other than subsection (1) of the said section 45, as
SCH. 6
1236 c . 30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 6 they think fit , being payments of such reasonable amounts as
they may determine in any particular case or class of case and
not exceeding the amounts prescribed under subsection (4) of the
said section 45 and specified under the said section 46 for
the corresponding allowances under those sections. " .
51. In section 183( 1) ( directions relating to specialist advice ), for
paragraphs (b) and (c ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" (b) under sections 262 and 262A of that Act ( designation of,
and control of demolition in , conservation areas " ).
52. In section 194 ( execution of deeds by local authority and use
of seal), in subsection (1), for the words " this Act " there shall be
substituted the words " any enactment ".
53. In section 202 ( procedures, etc., for byelaws) -
( a ) insubsection (1) , at the beginning there shall be inserted the
words " Subject to subsection (1A ) below " ;
( b ) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following sub-
section-
" (1A) This section shall not apply to byelaws made
under section 60 or 61 of the Water (Scotland) Act 1946 or
section 63( 7 ) of the Countryside ( Scotland ) Act 1967." .
54. In Schedule 7 (meetings and proceedings of local
authorities) -
( a ) in paragraph 2( 4) after the words " a council " there shall
be inserted the words " and any other business brought
before that meeting as a matter of urgency in accordance
with the council's standing orders " ;
( b ) in paragraph 5( 1) after the word " Act " there shall be
inserted the words " and to any provisions of standing orders
relating to the suspension of such orders " ;
( c ) in paragraph 5( 2 ) after the word " appointment " there shall
be inserted the words " of a member of the council ".
55. In Schedule 14 (amendment of enactments relating to roads),
paragraphs 55 and 56 shall cease to have effect.
56. In Schedule 17 (amendment of enactments relating to water ) -
( a ) for paragraph 1 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 1 .- (1 ) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Act or any order made thereunder, any reference in any
enactment, order, scheme, regulations, award or byelaws
passed or made before the coming into force of this Act-
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c . 30
1237
:
(a ) in unspecified terms to a regional water board or
SCH. 6
the region of such a board ( or any expression
construed as such a reference by virtue of para-
graph 2 of Schedule 2 to the Water ( Scotland )
Act 1967 ) or to a constituent board shall be
construed respectively as a reference to a water
authority or to the limits of supply of such an
authority or to a constituent water authority ;
(b) to a particular regional water board or the region
of such a board (or any expression construed as
aforesaid) shall be construed respectively as a
reference to the water authority responsible for
the water undertaking to which the enactment
relates or to the limits of supply of such an
authority .
( 2) If there is any doubt as to the identity of the water
authority referred to in sub- paragraph (1 )(b) above, that
authority shall be taken to be such authority as may be
specified in a direction given by the Secretary of State. " ;
(b ) in paragraph 47 for the word " ( c ) " there shall be substituted
the word " ( a) ".
57. In Schedule 23 (amendment of enactments relating to planning ) ,
in paragraph 2( b ) for the words from " a general " to the end there
shall be substituted the words an islands or district council "."
58. In Schedule 29 (repeals), the entry relating to the Acquisition 1947 c. 42.
of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland ) Act 1947 shall cease
to have effect and paragraph 9 of Schedule 1 to that Act is hereby
revived, and in column 3 of the entry relating to the Local 1966 c. 51 .
Government (Scotland) Act 1966 for the words " 30, subsections (3)
and (4). Sections 31 and " there shall be substituted the words " 30( 4)
the words from ' section 149 ' to ' that Act ) '. Section".
The Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 ( c. 45)
59. In section 3 ( conditions for approval of applications for
improvement grant ), in subsection ( 2) ( c)(ii ), for the words " last
authenticated prior to " there shall be substituted the words " in
force on ".
The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 (c. 24)
60. In Part III of Schedule 1, in the entry relating to local govern-
ment officers the words from " County clerk or " to the end of the
entry shall cease to have effect.
61. In Part IV of Schedule 1, in the entry relating to Her Majesty's
Lieutenant for a county in Great Britain for the words " Great
1238 c . 30
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 6 Britain " there shall be substituted the words " England and Wales ",
and after that entry there shall be inserted the following entries-
"Her Majesty's lord-lieutenant
Any constituency comprising the
or lieutenant for a region
whole or part of such part of the
inScotland.
region as may be determined by
Order in Council made by Her
Majesty in which the lord-
lieutenant holds office or in
which the lord-lieutenant or
lieutenant
discharges his
functions.
Her Majesty's lord-lieutenant
or lieutenant for an islands
area in Scotland.
Any constituency comprising the
whole or part of the islands area
for which the lord-lieutenant or
lieutenant is appointed or for
which the lord- lieutenant holds
office .
Her Majesty's lord- lieutenant
or lieutenant for the district
of the city of Aberdeen,
Dundee, Edinburgh
or
Glasgow.
Any constituency comprising the
whole or part of the district
in which the lord-lieutenant
holds office or for which the
lieutenant is appointed. "
The Northern Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 (c. 25)
62. In Part III of Schedule 1, in the entry relating to local
government officers the words from " County clerk or "to the end of
the entry shall cease to have effect.
-
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
SCHEDULE 7
REPEALS
Chapter Short title
Extent of Repeal
17 & 18 Vict. The Lands Valuation
с.91. ( Scotland ) Act 1854.
Sections 1 , 5, 9, 11, 12, 17, 18
and 23.
In section 24, the words " in
each year ".
Section 27.
In section 42, in the definition
of " machinery fixed or at-
tached" ( set out in section 1
of the Lands Valuation (Scot-
land ) Amendment Act 1902),
"
the words save as herein
provided".
The whole Act.
48 & 49 Vict. The Registration Amend-
с .16.
ment (Scotland ) Act
1885.
57 & 58 Vict. The Valuation of Lands Sections 2, 3, 5 and 6.
c . 36 .
( Scotland ) Acts Amend-
ment Act 1894.
16&17Geo. 5. The Rating (Scotland ) In section 29, the definition of
c.47. Act1926. " valuation roll ".
8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Local Authorities
Section 8.
c. 18. Loans Act 1945.
10&11 Geo. 6. The Civic Restaurants
c. 22. Act1947.
In section 3, in subsection ( 1 )
the words from "and the
form of the account " to the
end , and in subsection (2) the
words from " and if the
account " to the end.
10 &11 Geo. 6. The Local Government
c.43. ( Scotland ) Act 1947.
Sections 221 , 223, 228, 229,
231 , 232 and 234.
In section 235, in subsection
( 1), the words " and of the
rents for which the same are
let " and in subsection (2), the
words " or the rent for any of
the said lands and heritages ".
Part XII .
Schedules 6, 7 and 8.
11 &12Geo. 6. The Local Government In section 124, in subsection ( 2 ),
с . 26. Act 1948.
the word " and " at the end
of paragraph (a ) and para-
graph (b), and subsection (3).
Section 7.
14 & 15Geo. 6. c . 66. The Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution ) (Scotland ) Act
1951 .
15&16Geo. 6
The Rating and Valuation
& 1 Eliz. 2.
( Scotland ) Act 1952.
c .47 .
3 & 4 Eliz. 2.
с . 13.
4 & 5 Eliz . 2.
c. 60.
The Rural Water Supplies
and Sewerage Act 1955.
The Valuation and Rating
( Scotland ) Act 1956.
In section 3( 1) , the words " in
each year ".
In section 4, the word " roll ".
Section 1(3).
Sections 5, 9, 10 and 11 .
Section 13( 2 ).
Sections 15 and 19.
Schedule 2.
1239
Section 38(2 ) .
1240 c .30
LocalGovernment (Scotland ) Act 1975
SCH. 7
Chapter Short title
Extent of Repeal
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Local Government
c.9. ( Financial Provisions
etc.) (Scotland ) Act
1962 .
In section 4( 9) the words from
or by any " to the end."
Section 6.
Section 7.
Section 9.
In Schedule 2, paragraph 4.
1963 с. 12.
The Local Government
( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1963.
Section 3.
Section 9( 4).
Sections 13 and 21 .
In section 22 , paragraphs (a ),
( b) and (e ).
1964 с. 67.
The Local Government
Sections 8 to 12.
( Development and
The Schedule.
Finance ) ( Scotland) Act
1964 .
1965 с. 63.
The Public Works Loans
Section 2( 2 ) .
Act 1965.
In the Schedule , paragraph 10.
1966 с. 9.
1966 с. 51.
The Rating Act 1966.
Sections 2, 3 and 4.
The Local Government
In section 6, subsections ( 3) and
( Scotland ) Act 1966.
( 4 ) .
In section 13, paragraphs ( a )
and( c ).
Section 14( 2 ).
In section 24, subsections ( 2 )
and( 3 ).
Section 25( 2).
In section 27, in subsection ( 2 ),
the words " subject to the
next following subsection "
and the words " and no re-
duction " to the end, and sub-
section ( 3) .
Section 28( 3)( a).
In section 46(1), the definition
of " valuation roll ".
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 1 ,
the words " and shall enter
such value in the valuation
roll ", paragraph 23, and in
paragraph 27, the definition
of " valuation roll ".
1967 с. 76.
The Road Traffic Regula- In sections 72(6 )(b) and 84B( 8)
tion Act 1967.
( b ) the words " for the pur-
poses of advances under
section 8 of the Development
and Road Improvement
Funds Act 1909 ".
1967 с. 78 .
Sections 10 and 17.
1968 с. 13. 1968 с. 73.
The Water ( Scotland ) Act
1967.
The National Loans Act
1968.
In section 6( 1), the entry
relating to section 1( 3) ( b ) of
the Rural Water Supplies and
Sewerage Act 1955.
The Transport Act 1968. In section 15( 4), the words
from " to the provisions " to
the end .
Section 138(6 ).
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1975 c .30
1241
SCH. 7
Chapter
1970 с. 4.
1972 с. 46.
1973 с. 60.
1973 с. 65 .
Short title
The Valuation for Rating
Scotland ) Act 1970.
The Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1972.
The Breeding of Dogs
Act 1973.
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
1975 с. 24.
The House of Commons
Disqualification Act
1975.
1975 с. 25.
The Northern Ireland
Assembly Disqualifica-
tion Act 1975.
Extent of Repea!
In section 2 (1), the definition
of " valuation roll ".
In Schedule 9, paragraphs 2,
3 and 14.
Section 1( 3) .
Section 49(1)(b) and ( f) .
Section 113(3).
In section 210(1 ) the words " or
under any other enactment "
where they first occur.
In Schedule 9, paragraphs 3, 4,
5 , 8, 13 to 15, 45 and 46, in
paragraph 54(b) the words
from " for the words ' burgh
, "
or landward area to the
end, and paragraph 57.
In Schedule 14, paragraphs 55
and 56 and the entry relating
to the Local Government
( Footpaths and Open Spaces)
( Scotland) Act 1970.
In Schedule 17, paragraphs 25,
36 and 40.
In Schedule 29, the entries re-
lating to the Acquisition of
Land (Authorisation Proce-
dure) (Scotland) Act 1947 and
to sections 10 and 17 of the
Water (Scotland) Act 1967.
In Part III of Schedule 1, in the
entry relating to local govern-
ment officers the words from
" County clerk or " to the end
of the entry.
In Part III of Schedule 1, in the
entry relating to local govern-
ment officers the words from
66 County clerk or " to the end
of the entry.
Part II I
1242 с .31
Operation of
existing law . 1971 с. 77.

Malta Republic Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 31
An Act to make provision as to the operation of the
law in relation to Malta as a republic within the
Commonwealth. [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
section applies, whether being a rule of law or a provision of an
1.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, all law to which this
Act of Parliament or of any other enactment or instrument
whatsoever, which was in force on 13th December 1974, or,
having been passed or made before that date, comes or has come
into force thereafter, shall, unless and until provision to the
contrary is made by Parliament or some other authority having
power in that behalf, have the same operation in relation to
Malta, and persons and things belonging to or connected with
Malta, as it would have had apart from this subsection if Malta
had not become a republic.
( 2 ) This section applies to law of , or any part of , the United
Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man and, in
relation only to any enactment of the Parliament of the United
Kingdom or any Order in Council made by virtue of any such
enactment whereby any such enactment applies in relation to
Malta, to law of any other country or territory to which that
enactment or Order extends.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (1) and ( 2) above,
the provisions set out in Appendix C to Schedule 1 to the
Immigration Act 1971 (whereby a person becoming a citizen of
c. 31 1243
Malta Republic Act 1975
the United Kingdom and Colonies by registration is in certain
circumstances required to take an oath of allegiance ) shall have
effect in relation to citizens of Malta as if subsection (1) above
had not been enacted.
( 4 ) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from
13th December 1974.
2. This Act may be cited as the Malta Republic Act 1975. Short title.
12
1244 c. 32

Prices Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 32
An Act to amend sections 1, 2 and 9( 4) of the Prices Act
1974 and to make consequential amendments in the
Schedule to that Act. [8th May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Food
subsidies .
1974 с. 24.
1. (1) Section 1 of the Prices Act 1974 (which relates to food
subsidies) shall have effect with the following amendments,
namely-
( a) in subsection (3) ( which provides for subsidies for milk
produced in a marketing area to be by way of payments
making good certain sums paid by Ministers to Milk
Marketing Boards in the year ending with 31st March
1975) , for the words " in a marketing area " there shall
be substituted the words " by a registered producer "
and after the word " 1975 " there shall be inserted the
words " and the following year " ;
( b) in subsection (4 )( a) (which provides for certain subsidies
for butter to be by way of payments making good sums
paid by the Intervention Board for Agricultural Produce
in respect of the year ending with 31st March 1975 in
pursuance of EEC butter subsidy regulations), after the
word " 1975 " there shall be inserted the words " , and
the sums so paid in respect of the following year, " ; and
c . 32
Prices Act 1975 1245
( c ) in subsection (6 ) (which provides that the total payments
made by the Secretary of State under that section shall
not exceed £700 million ), for the words " £700 million "
there shall be substituted the words " £1,200 million " ;
and in paragraph 2( 7 ) of the Schedule to that Act (which refers to
any allowance made, by a Board as defined in the Order men-
tioned in subsection ( 3) of the said section 1, in respect of milk
supplied by it in the year there mentioned ) after the word
" allowance " there shall be inserted the words " or payment "
and for the words " supplied by it in the year " there shall be
substituted the words " to which that Order applies in any year " .
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument provide that, in subsections ( 3) and ( 4 )( a ) of the said
section 1 as amended by the preceding subsection, for the words
" the following year " there shall be substituted the words " each
of the two following years " ; and a statutory instrument made by
virtue of this subsection shall be subject to annulment in pur-
suance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument provide-
( a ) that for the sum for the time being specified in sub-
section (6 ) of the said section 1 as amended by virtue
of this section there shall be substituted such a larger
sum (not exceeding £1,700 million ) as is specified in the
order; and
( b ) that any order previously made in pursuance of this
subsection shall cease to have effect ;
but an order in pursuance of this subsection shall not be made
before 1st April 1976 and shall not be made unless a draft of the
order has been approved by a resolution ofthe House ofCommons.
2.- (1 ) Section 2 of the Prices Act 1974 ( under which the Regulation
Secretary of State has power to make orders for regulating the of price of
price of food and certain other goods) shall have effect with food etc.
the following amendments, namely-
1974 с. 24.
( a ) at the end of paragraph ( b) of subsection (1) (under
which retailers selling goods of which the price is
regulated by an order under paragraph (a) of that sub-
section may be required to display information about
the effect of the order ) there shall be inserted the words
66 or to keep that information available in writing in
accordance with the order under this paragraph and on
request in accordance with the order to produce and
permit inspection of the document containing the
information ; " ;
I3
c . 32
1246 Prices Act 1975
1974с. 24.
( b ) in subsection (1), after paragraph ( b ) as amended by the
preceding paragraph there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
" (c) require persons selling, or who have after the
coming into force of this paragraph sold, such food
or other goods as are mentioned in paragraph ( b)
above to keep such records as may be specified in the
order as being records which the Secretary of State
considers are needed for the efficient enforcement of
an order under paragraph ( a) above. ",
and accordingly in subsection ( 4 )(c ) ofthat section ( which
refers to either paragraph of subsection (1)) for the word
" either " there shall be substituted the word " any " ;
( c ) subsection (5 ) (which provides that no order under that
section shall apply to any sale after 31st March 1975 but
that the Secretary of State may for that date substitute
a subsequent date which is not later than 31st March
1976 ) and paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 8) (which pro-
hibits the making of an order under subsection (5 ) unless
a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution
of each House of Parliament) are hereby repealed ;
( d ) in subsection (6 ) (which provides for consultation before
an order is made under subsection (1 )(a ) of that section)
after the word " (1)(a) " there shall be inserted the words
or (c) " ;66
and section 9( 4) of that Act (under which none of its provisions
requiring consultation requires further consultation in cases where
the Secretary of State is satisfied that there has been sufficient
consultation before the passing of that Act) shall have effect, in
relation to consultation required by virtue of paragraph ( d ) of
this subsection, as if the reference to the passing of that Act
were to the passing of this Act.
( 2 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that there are
special circumstances in consequence of which it would be just to
authorise a particular person to charge, for a sale of a thing of a
particular description, a price exceeding the maximum price which
by virtue of an order under section 2(1)(a) of the Prices Act 1974
he is authorised to charge for a sale of a thing of that description,
the Secretary of State may, by notice in writing given in such
manner as he thinks fit , authorise that person to charge for a sale
ofa thing ofthat description a price not exceeding a price specified
in the notice; and a sale in accordance with the authorisation
shall be deemed to be permitted by the order.
( 3) A notice giving an authorisation in pursuance of the
preceding subsection-
( a )may contain provision as to the conditions subject to
which the authorisation is given; and
Prices Act 1975 1247
с. 32
( b ) shall, where it contains such a provision, cease to have
effect if any of the conditions is not satisfied; and
( c ) may be revoked by the Secretary of State by notice in
writing given in such manner as he thinks fit.
( 4 ) In paragraph 11 of the Schedule to the Prices Act 1974 1974 c. 24.
( which provides that in relation to an offence in respect of an
order under section 2 (1)(a ) of that Act the powers conferred by
paragraph 9 of that Schedule may also be exercised by such an
officer as is mentioned in the said paragraph 11), after the word
66 2(1)(a) " there shall be inserted the words " or (c) ".
3.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Prices Act 1975, and this Supplemental.
Act and the Prices Act 1974 may be cited together as the Prices
Acts 1974 and 1975.
( 2 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
( 3) There shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament
or, as the case may be, into the Consolidated Fund any increase
attributable to this Act in the sums which, under the Prices Act
1974, are payable out of money so provided or into that Fund.
I4
1248 c . 33


Referendum Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 33
An Act to provide for the holding of a referendum on
the United Kingdom's membership of the European
Economic Community. [ 8th May 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Holding of referendum.
1.- ( 1 ) A referendum shall be held on the question whether
the United Kingdom is to remain a member of the European
Economic Community.
( 2) The question to be asked in the referendum, and the front
of the ballot paper to be used for that purpose, shall be in the
form set out in the Schedule to this Act.
( 3) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, those entitled to
vote in the referendum shall be-
(a) the persons who, at the date of the referendum, would be
entitled to vote as electors at a parliamentary election in
any constituency, and
( b) peers who at that date would be entitled to vote as
electors at a local government election in any electoral
area.
( 4) Her Majesty may by Order in Council-
(a ) appoint a day for the holding of the referendum; and,
subject to the provisions of this Act,
с. 33
Referendum Act 1975 1249
( b) make such provision as to the conduct of the referendum
as may appear to Her to be expedient ; and
( c) apply, in relation to the referendum, with such modifica-
tions or exceptions as may be specified in the Order, any
provision of the Representation of the People Acts and
any provision made under any enactment.
( 5) An Order in Council under this section may make or enable
the Secretary of State to make special provision with respect to
persons, or any description of persons, who are members of the
forces (as defined in section 46 of the Representation of the 1949 c. 66.
People Act 1949) or spouses of such members, and may do so
differently with respect to different cases ; and any provision so
made-
( a ) may permit persons to whom it applies to vote in the
referendum notwithstanding that they are not duly
registered under the Representation of the People Acts,
and, if they have or have had an address in the United
Kingdom, notwithstanding that the conditions of those
Acts as to residence are not satisfied; and
( b ) may enable persons to whom it applies to vote at a date
earlier than that appointed under subsection (4)(a) of
this section and may also enable them to vote at a
polling station set up in accordance with that provision
or by post.
( 6) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent Order in Council under this section;
but no recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty to make
an Order in Council under this section until a draft of the Order
has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of
each House of Parliament.
( 7 ) Section 2( 1) of the Welsh Language Act 1967 ( power to 1967 c. 66.
prescribe Welsh version ) shall apply in relation to an Order in
Council under this section as if the Order were an enactment.
2.- (1 ) The functions which, in relation to a parliamentary Conduct of
election, are conferred on returning officers by any provision referendum.
applied by an Order in Council under section 1 of this Act shall,
in relation to the referendum, be discharged ( except in so far as
special provision is made in pursuance ofsection 1( 5) ofthis Act) -
( a ) in England and Wales, by the persons who, under section
41 of the Local Government Act 1972, are, or may 1972 с. 70.
discharge the functions of, returning officers at elections
of councillors of districts or of the Greater London
Council or, with respect to the Isles of Scilly, by the
person appointed returning officer at an election of
councillors ;
:
c .33
1250 Referendum Act 1975
1973 с. 65.
S.I. 1973, No.
2095 .
( b ) in Scotland, by the persons who, under section 6 of the
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973, are, or may
discharge the functions of , returning officers at elections
of councillors for regional or islands councils ;
( c ) in Northern Ireland, by the Chief Electoral Officer or the
persons who, by virtue of Article 2( 3) of the Local
Government Reorganisation (Consequential Provisions)
( Northern Ireland ) Order 1973, mayperform the functions
of the Chief Electoral Officer at a parliamentary election.
( 2 ) The council of any district in Scotland shall, if so requested
by the council of the region in which that district is situated,
place at the disposal of any officer of the latter council, for the
purpose of assisting him in the discharge of any functions con-
ferred on him in relation to the referendum by subsection ( 1) of
this section, the services of officers employed by the former council.
( 3) A separate count shall be conducted of the votes cast at
the referendum in each of the areas specified in subsection ( 5)
below, but the votes cast ( in accordance with any provisions
made in pursuance of section 1( 5 ) of this Act) outside the United
Kingdom shall be counted with those cast in Greater London.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State shall appoint a person ( in this Act
referred to as the Chief Counting Officer ) who shall, for each of
the areas specified in subsection (5 ) below, appoint a person ( in
this Act referred to as a counting officer) to conduct the counting
of votes cast in that area in accordance with any directions given
to him by the Chief Counting Officer; and the councils ofdistricts
and London boroughs shall place the services of their officers at
the disposal of the counting officers.
( 5 ) The areas referred to in subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) of this
section are-
(i ) in England and Wales, Greater London, each county and
the Isles of Scilly ;
(ii ) in Scotland , each region and each islands area; and
(iii ) Northern Ireland.
( 6 ) The counting officer for each area shall certify the
number of ballot papers counted by him and of the respective
answers given by valid votes, and the Chief Counting Officer
shall certify the total of the ballot papers and respective answers ;
and in certifying the number of ballot papers counted each
counting officer and the Chief Counting Officer shall distinguish
between ballot papers issued in accordance with any special
provision made in pursuance of section 1( 5 ) of this Act and
other ballot papers .
c . 33
Referendum Act 1975 1251
( 7 ) The Secretary of State shall pay to the Chief Counting
Officer, to the counting officers and to persons appointed to assist
any counting officer such remuneration as he may, with the
approval of the Treasury, determine.
3.- (1) The Lord President of the Council may, with the Grants
consent of the Treasury, make to each of the following organisa- towards cost
tions, namely-
ofcampaign.
( a ) Britain in Europe, and
( b ) National Referendum Campaign;
a grant not exceeding £125,000 towards the expenses incurred
by them or by organisations affiliated to them for the purposes
of the referendum.
( 2 ) A grant under this section may be made subject to such
conditions as the Lord President may specify and those conditions
may include the keeping and making available for publication of
accounts showing such particulars as may be so specified of-
( a ) the sums received or spent for the purpose of the
referendum since 26th March 1975; and
( b) the persons from whom any such sums were received and
the persons to whom any such sums were paid.
4. No court shall entertain any proceedings for questioning the Exclusion
numbers, as certified by the Chief Counting Officer or any counting of legal
officer, of any ballot papers counted or answers given in the proceedings .
referendum.
5. Any administrative expenses incurred by a Minister of the Expenses.
Crown for the purposes of this Act (including the reasonable
charges of returning officers) shall be defrayed out of moneys
provided by Parliament .
6. This Act may be cited as the Referendum Act 1975. Short title .
c. 33
1252 Referendum Act 1975
SCHEDULE
FORM OF BALLOT PAPER
The Government have announced the results of the renegotiation
of the United Kingdom's terms of membership of the European
Community.
DO YOU THINK THAT THE UNITED KINGDOM SHOULD
STAY IN THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY (THE COMMON
MARKET ) ?
YES
NO
c .34 1253

Evidence (Proceedings in
Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 34
An Act to make new provision for enabling the High
Court, the Court of Session and the High Court of
Justice in Northern Ireland to assist in obtaining evi-
dence required for the purposes of proceedings in other
jurisdictions; to extend the powers of those courts to
issue process effective throughout the United Kingdom
for securing the attendance of witnesses ; and for
purposes connected with those matters .
[22nd May 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Evidence for civil proceedings
1. Where an application is made to the High Court, the Court Application
of Session or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland to United
for an order for evidence to be obtained in the part of the United Kingdom
court for
Kingdom in which it exercises jurisdiction, and the court is assistance in
satisfied- obtaining
( a) that the application is made in pursuance of arequest evidence for civil
issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal ( "the proceedings
requesting court") exercising jurisdiction in any other in other
part of the United Kingdom or in a country or terri- court.
tory outside the United Kingdom ; and
( b) that the evidence to which the application relates is
to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings
which either have been instituted before the requesting
court or whose institution before that court is
contemplated ,
1254 c. 34 Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975
the High Court, Court of Session or High Court of Justice in
Northern Ireland, as the case may be, shall have the powers
conferred on it by the following provisions of this Act.
Powerof
United
Kingdom court togive
effectto
application
for assistance.
2.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the High
Court, the Court of Session and the High Court of Justice
in Northern Ireland shall each have power, on any such
application as is mentioned in section 1 above, by order to
make such provision for obtaining evidence in the part of the
United Kingdom in which it exercises jurisdiction as may
appear to the court to be appropriate for the purpose of giving
effect to the request in pursuance of which the application is
made ; and any such order may require a person specified
therein to take such steps as the court may consider appro-
priate for that purpose.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1)
above but subject to the provisions of this section, an order
under this section may, in particular, make provision-
( a) for the examination of witnesses, either orally or in
writing ;
( b) for the production of documents ;
( c ) for the inspection, photographing, preservation, custody
or detention of any property ;
( d ) for the taking of samples of any property and the
carrying out of any experiments on or with any
property ;
( e) for the medical examination of any person ;
( f ) without prejudice to paragraph ( e) above, for the taking
and testing of samples of blood from any person.
( 3) An order under this section shall not require any particular
steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required
to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of
civil proceedings in the court making the order ( whether or not
proceedings of the same description as those to which the
application for the order relates) ; but this subsection shall not
preclude the making of an order requiring a person to give
testimony ( either orally or in writing ) otherwise than on oath
where this is asked for by the requesting court.
( 4) An order under this section shall not require a person-
( a ) to state what documents relevant to the proceedings
to which the application for the order relates are or
have been in his possession, custody or power ; or
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 c. 34 ( b) to produce any documents other than particular docu-
ments specified in the order as being documents appear-
ing to the court making the order to be, or to be likely
to be, in his possession, custody or power.
( 5) A person who, by virtue of an order under this section,
is required to attend at any place shall be entitled to the like
conduct money and payment for expenses and loss of time
as on attendance as a witness in civil proceedings before the
court making the order.
3.- ( 1 ) A person shall not be compelled by virtue of an order Privilege of
under section 2 above to give any evidence which he could not witnesses .
be compelled to give-
( a ) in civil proceedings in the part of the United Kingdom
in which the court that made the order exercises
jurisdiction ; or
( b) subject to subsection ( 2) below, in civil proceedings in
the country or territory in which the requesting court
exercises jurisdiction.
( 2) Subsection ( 1)(b) above shall not apply unless the claim
of the person in question to be exempt from giving the evidence
is either-
( a ) supported by a statement contained in the request
( whether it is so supported unconditionally or subject
to conditions that are fulfilled) ; or
(b) conceded by the applicant for the order ;
and where such a claim made by any person is not supported
or conceded as aforesaid he may (subject to the other provisions
of this section) be required to give the evidence to which the claim
relates but that evidence shall not be transmitted to the request-
ing court if that court , on the matter being referred to it,
upholds the claim.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, a person
shall not be compelled by virtue of an order under section 2
above to give any evidence if his doing so would be prejudicial
to the security of the United Kingdom ; and a certificate signed
by or on behalf of the Secretary of State to the effect that it
would be so prejudicial for that person to do so shall be
conclusive evidence of that fact.
( 4 ) In this section references to giving evidence include refer-
ences to answering any question and to producing any document
and the reference in subsection ( 2) above to the transmission of
evidence given by a person shall be construed accordingly.
1255
1256 c. 34 Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975
Extension of
powers of
High Court
etc. in relation
to obtaining
evidence for
proceedings
inthat
court .
1925 с. 49.
1854 с. 34.
4. Section 49 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Con-
solidation) Act 1925 (which enables the High Court to order the
issue of a subpoena in special form, enforceable throughout the
United Kingdom, for the attendance of a witness at a trial) and
the Attendance of Witnesses Act 1854 (corresponding provisions
for Court of Session and High Court of Justice in Northern
Ireland ) shall have effect as if references to attendance at a
trial included references to attendance before an examiner
or commissioner appointed by the court or a judge thereof in any
cause or matter in that court, including an examiner or com-
missioner appointed to take evidence outside the jurisdiction of
the court.
Power of
United
Kingdom
court to
assist in
obtaining
evidence for
criminal
proceedings
in overseas
court.
Power of
United
Kingdom
court to
assist in
obtaining
evidence for
international
proceedings.
1911 с. 6.
1946 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
Evidence for criminal proceedings
5.-( 1) The provisions of sections 1 to 3 above shall have effect
in relation to the obtaining of evidence for the purposes of
criminal proceedings as they have effect in relation to the obtain-
ing of evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings except
that-
( a) paragraph ( a ) of section 1 above shall apply only to a
court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in a country or
territory outside the United Kingdom ;
(b) paragraph (b) of that section shall apply only to pro-
ceedings which have been instituted ; and
( c) no order under section 2 above shall make provision
otherwise than for the examination of witnesses , either
orally or in writing, or for the production of docu-
ments.
( 2) In its application by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, section
3( 1) (a) and (b) above shall have effect as if for the words " civil
proceedings " there were substituted the words " criminal
proceedings ".
( 3) Nothing in this section applies in the case of criminal
proceedings of a political character.
Evidence for international proceedings
6.- (1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that,
subject to such exceptions, adaptations or modifications as may
be specified in the Order, the provisions of sections 1 to 3
above shall have effect in relation to international proceedings
of any description specified in the order.
( 2) An Order in Council under this section may direct that
section 1( 4 ) of the Perjury Act 1911 or section 1( 4 ) of the
Perjury Act ( Northern Ireland) 1946 shall have effect in
relation to international proceedings to which the Order applies
as it has effect in relation to a judicial proceeding in a tribunal
of a foreign state.
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 c. 34 1257
( 3) In this section " international proceedings " means pro-
ceedings before the International Court of Justice or any other
court, tribunal, commission, body or authority (whether con-
sisting of one or more persons) which, in pursuance of any
international agreement or any resolution of the General
Assembly of the United Nations, exercises any jurisdiction or
performs any functions of a judicial nature or by way of arbitra-
tion , conciliation or inquiry or is appointed (whether perma-
nently or temporarily ) for the purpose of exercising any
jurisdiction or performing any such functions.
Supplementary
7. The power to make rules of court under section 99 of the Rules of
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 or court. 49.
section 7 of the Northern Ireland Act 1962 shall include power 1962 :39 :
to make rules of court-
(a ) as to the manner in which any such application as is
mentioned in section 1 above is to be made ;
( b) subject to the provisions of this Act, as to the circum-
stances in which an order can be made under section
2 above ; and
( c) as to the manner in which any such reference as is
mentioned in section 3( 2) above is to be made ;
and any such rules may include such incidental, supplementary
and consequential provision as the authority making the rules
may consider necessary or expedient.
8.- (1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act Consequential
shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified, amend-
being amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act. ments and
repeals.
(2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
( 3) Nothing in this section shall affect-
(a) any application to any court or judge which is pending
at the commencement of this Act ;
(b) any certificate given for the purposes of any such
application ;
( c) any power to make an order on such an application ; or
( d ) the operation or enforcement of any order made on
such an application.
( 4 ) Subsection (3) above is without prejudice to section 38 (2)
of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals) .
1889 с. 63.
1258 c. 34 Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975
Interpretation. 1959 с. 22 .
1959 с. 25.
( Ν.Ι.)
9.- (1) In this Act-
" civil proceedings ", in relation to the requesting court,
means proceedings in any civil or commercial matter ;
" requesting court " has the meaning given in section 1
above ;
" property" includes any land, chattel or other corporeal
property of any description ;
" request " includes any commission, order or other process
issued by or on behalf of the requesting court.
( 2 ) In relation to any application made in pursuance of a
request issued by the High Court under section 85 of the County
Courts Act 1959 or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland
under section 58 of the County Courts Act ( Northern Ireland)
1959, the reference in section 1(b) above to proceedings instituted
before the requesting court shall be construed as a reference to
the relevant proceedings in the county court.
( 3) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in
Council includes power to revoke or vary any such Order by
asubsequent Order in Council.
( 4 ) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as enabling any
court to make an order that is binding on the Crown or on
any person in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown.
( 5) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to that
enactment as amended or extended by or under any other
enactment.
Short title ,
commence-
mentand
extent .
10.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Evidence (Proceedings
in Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975.
( 2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as Her
Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.
( 3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision
for extending any of the provisions of this Act (including section
6 or any Order in Council made thereunder), with such excep-
tions, adaptations or modifications as may be specified in the
Order, to any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, any
colony (other than a colony for whose external relations a
country other than the United Kingdom is responsible) or any
country or territory outside Her Majesty's dominions in which
Her Majesty has jurisdiction in right of Her Majesty's Govern-
ment in the United Kingdom .
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 c. 34 1259
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Perjury Act 1911
Inthe Perjury Act 1911 after section 1 there shall be inserted-
"False
1A . If any person, in giving any testimony ( either orally
unsworn
statement
or in writing ) otherwise than on oath, where required to
under
do so by an order under section 2 of the Evidence ( Pro-
Evidence
ceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975, makes a state-
( Proceedings ment-
in Other
Jurisdictions )
Act 1975.
(a ) which he knows to be false in a material par-
ticular, or
( b) which is false in a material particular and which
he does not believe to be true,
he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding two years or a fine or both."
The False Oaths (Scotland ) Act 1933
In section 2 of the False Oaths (Scotland ) Act 1933 after paragraph
( c ) there shall be inserted " or
( d ) in any declaration not falling within paragraph (a ), (b) or ( c)
above, which he is required to make by an order under
section 2of the Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions)
Act 1975," .
The Administration of Justice (Scotland ) Act 1933
In section 6(3) ( f ) of the Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act
1933 for the words " under the Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act 1856
or under the Evidence by Commission Act 1859 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " under the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Juris-
dictions ) Act 1975 " .
The Perjury Act (Northern Ireland ) 1946
In the Perjury Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1946 after section 1A there
shall be inserted-
"False
1AA. If any person, in giving any testimony (either
unsworn
statement
orally or in writing ) otherwise than on oath, where
under
required to do so by an order under section 2 of the
Evidence
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975,
( Proceedings makes a statement-
in Other
Act 1975. Jurisdictions)
(a ) which he knows to be false in a material par-
ticular, or
( b ) which is false in a material particular and which
hedoes not believe to be true,
Section 8(1).
1911 с. 6.
1933 с. 20.
1933 с. 41 .
1946 c. 13 ( Ν.Ι. ).
1260 SCH . 1
1972с. 18 ,
c. 34 Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975
he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding two years or a fine or both."
The Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act 1972
In section 44(2) of the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforce-
ment) Act 1972 for the words from the beginning to " dominions) "
there shall be substituted the words " the Evidence ( Proceedings in
Other Jurisdictions) Act 1975 ".
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 c. 34 1261
SCHEDULE 2
REPEALS
Section 8(2).
Short title
Chapter Extent
19 & 20 Vict.
с . 113. The Foreign Tribunals
Evidence Act 1856. The whole Act.
22 Vict. c. 20. The Evidence by Com- The whole Act.
mission Act 1859.
33 & 34 Vict. The Extradition Act 1870. Section 24.
c. 52.
48 & 49 Vict.
c .74.
53 & 54 Vict.
c. 37.
The Evidence by Com-
mission Act 1885.
The Foreign Jurisdiction
Act 1890.
The whole Act.
In Schedule 1 the entries relat-
ing to the Foreign Tribunals
Evidence Act 1856, the
Evidence by Commission Act
1859 and the Evidence by
Commission Act 1885 but
without prejudice to any
Order in Council made in
respect of any of those Acts
before the commencement of
thisAct.
Section 1(3).
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
с. 2.
10&11 Eliz. 2.
c. 30.
1963 с. 27.
In Schedule 1 the entry relating
to the Evidence by Com-
mission Act 1859.
Section 4.
1966 с. 41.
The German Conventions
Act 1955.
TheNorthern IrelandAct
1962.
The Oaths and Evidence
( Overseas
Authorities
and
Countries) Act
1963.
The Arbitration ( Inter-
national Investment Dis-
putes) Act 1966.
1968 с. 64.
1971 с. 36
( Ν.Ι.).
The Civil Evidence Act
1968.
The Civil Evidence Act
( Northern Ireland )
1971.
In section 3(1), paragraph (b)
together with the word " and"
immediately preceding that
paragraph.
In section 7(e), subsection ( 2 )
of the section 3 there set out.
Section 17( 2 ) .
Section 13( 2 ) .
c . 35 1263
H

Farriers ( Registration)
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 35
An Act to prevent and avoid suffering by and cruelty to
horses arising from the shoeing of horses by unskilled
persons ; to promote the proper shoeing of horses ; to
promote the training of farriers and shoeing smiths ; to
provide for the establishment of a Farriers Registration
Council to register persons engaged in farriery and the
shoeing of horses ; to prohibit the shoeing of horses
by unqualified persons; and for purposes connected
therewith. [22nd May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1. The Worshipful Company of Farriers ( hereinafter referred Functions of
to as " the Company ") shall have the general function of Farriers
securing adequate standards of competence and conduct among Company.
persons engaged in the shoeing of horses ( hereinafter referred to
as " farriers ") and shall promote, encourage and advance the
art and science of farriery and education in connection with
the said art and science.
2.-( 1 ) There shall be established a body called the Farriers Farriers
Registration Council ( hereinafter referred to as " the Council ") Registration
which shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a Council.
common seal and shall have the general function of carrying
out the powers and duties conferred upon it by this Act.
( 2 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
for determining the constitution and powers of the Council and
for regulating its proceedings .
1264 Register of
farriers .
Rules with
respect to
register.
с. 35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
3. ( 1 ) The registrar appointed by the Council in accordance
with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall establish and
maintain a register which shall be divided into Parts as herein-
after provided.
(2) The registrar shall cause to be entered in the appropriate
Part of the register the name and prescribed particulars of every
person who, being qualified for registration, has applied in the
prescribed manner for registration and has paid the prescribed
fee .
( 3) The register shall be kept at the offices of the Council and
shall be made available for public inspection at all reasonable
times without charge .
(4 ) The Council shall cause the register to be printed and
published as often as it thinks fit .
4.- ( 1 ) The Council may make rules with respect to the form
and keeping of the register, the making of entries therein and
the removal of entries therefrom and, in particular-
(a) prescribing a fee to be charged on the entry of a name
in the register or on the restoration of any entry to
the register ;
(b) prescribing a fee to be charged in respect of the retention
in the register of the name of a person in any year
subsequent to the year in which he was first registered ;
( c) authorising the registrar, notwithstanding anything in
this Act, to refuse to make in, or restore to, the register
any entry until a fee prescribed by rules under this
section has been paid.
(2) Rules under this section may authorise the registrar to
remove from the register the name of a person who, after such
notices and warning as may be prescribed by the rules, fails
to pay a fee prescribed under paragraph ( b) of the foregoing
subsection.
( 3) If, within such period as may be prescribed by rules under
this section, any person whose name has been removed from
the register in accordance with rules made by virtue of the last
foregoing subsection pays the fee due from him, together with
such additional sum (if any) as may be so prescribed, his name
shall be restored to the register and, if the Council so directs,
shall be deemed for all purposes not to have been removed
therefrom.
( 4) Rules under this section prescribing fees may provide for
the charging of different fees in different cases and may provide
that fees shall not be chargeable in prescribed cases .
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 c . 35
1265
5. If any person wilfully procures or attempts to procure the Fraudulent
entry of his name in the register by making or producing or entries in the
causing to be made or produced any false or fraudulent repre- register.
sentation or declaration, either orally or in writing, he shall be
guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £100.
6. The registrar shall remove from the register the names of -Removal of
(a) every deceased person ;
names from
register.
( b) every person who has applied for his name to be
removed ; and
(c) every person whose name has been ordered to be
removed under section 15 of this Act.
7.-( 1 ) A person shall be entitled to be registered in Part I of Qualifications
the register if he satisfies the Council that he has-
for
registration.( a) served under articles of apprenticeship in accordance
with such terms and conditions as may be prescribed
by the Council for a term not less than four years or
such shorter period as the Council may prescribe and
attended a course of training approved by the Council
under section 11 of this Act ; or
(b) attended a course of training at a school of farriery or
other establishment approved by the Council under
section 11 of this Act and has received such further
practical training and experience as the Council may
from time to time prescribe ; or
( c) completed a course of training as a farrier in Her
Majesty's Army ;
and in each case satisfies the Council by passing a prescribed
examination that he has attained a sufficient standard to qualify
him to carry out the shoeing of horses .
(2) A person shall be entitled to be registered in Part I of
the register if not later than two years after the appointed day
he applies for registration and satisfies the Council-
( a) that on the appointed day his name was registered in
the Register of Farriers kept by the Company ; and
( b) that during an aggregate period of 18 months in the
period of 24 months ending on the said date he has
been regularly and gainfully employed in the shoeing
ofhorses.
(3) A person shall be entitled to be registered in Part I of
the register if-
(a) he satisfies the Council that he holds a qualification
granted outside the United Kingdom and for the time
1266 с .35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
being accepted for the purposes of this subsection by
the Council and that during the period of two years
ending on the date of his application for registration
he has been regularly and gainfully employed in the
shoeing of horses ; or
( b) being a person whose name has been registered in Part
II of the register he subsequently passes a prescribed
examination.
( 4 ) Aperson shall be entitled to be registered in Part II of the
register if not later than two years after the appointed day he
applies for registration and satisfies the Council-
( a ) that during an aggregate period of three years in the
period of five years ending on the appointed day he
was engaged in the shoeing of horses by way of trade ;
or
( b ) that during the period of two years ending on the said
date he was practising as a farrier in Her Majesty's
Army.
(5 ) A person shall be entitled to be registered in Part III of
the register if not later than 12 months after the appointed day
he applies for registration and satisfies the Council by means of
a statutory declaration by a practising veterinary surgeon, which
shall be in the prescribed form, that during the period of two
years ending on the appointed day he has regularly and
competently-
( a) carried out the shoeing of horses belonging to himself ;
or
(b) otherwise than by way of trade or for reward carried
out the shoeing of horses belonging to other persons.
( 6 ) In any case in which it appears to the Council that a
person has for sufficient reason failed to make application under
subsection (2) or subsection ( 4 ) as the case may be of this
section within two years of the appointed day or under subsection
( 5) of this section within 12 months thereof , the Council may
direct that he shall be entitled to apply within such period as may
be specified in the direction.
( 7 ) For the purposes of subsections (4 ) and ( 5 ) of this section
a person shall be deemed to have been engaged in the shoeing
of horses by way of trade if-
( a) he has been self employed in the carrying out of the
shoeing of horses owned by persons other than him-
self and such shoeing of horses has been carried out
either as a full- time occupation or as a part-time
occupation in conjunction with the trade of blacksmith
or general smith ; or
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 с. 35
1267
( b) he has otherwise than as an apprentice or while under-
going a course of training carried out the shoeing of
horses in the course of his employment and such shoe-
ing of horses has been carried out either-
( i) as a full - time occupation or as a part-time
occupation in conjunction with the carrying on by his
employer of the trade of a blacksmith or general
smith ; or
(ii) (in any case where his employer is not carrying
on the trade of a blacksmith or general smith ) as
a full-time occupation or a part -time occupation
and in relation only to horses owned by or in the
charge of his employer or ( with the prior approval
and consent of his employer) to horses owned by a
third person.
8. For the purposes of subsection ( 2) of the foregoing section The
of this Act the Company shall make available its Register of Company's
Farriers and permit the Council to make copies thereof and to Register.
take extracts therefrom.
9. Where an application for registration under the foregoing Determination
provisions of this Act is refused or the registrar fails to enter of questions
the name of the applicant in the appropriate Part of the register, as to
the applicant may appeal to the Disciplinary Committee estab qualifications.
lished under section 14 of this Act and the Committee shall
have power to direct that the applicant be registered in the
appropriate Part of the register.
10 .-(1) The registrar shall issue- Certificate of
( a ) to a person registered in Part I or Part II of the register registration
etc.
a certificate of registration in the prescribed form ;
( b) to a person registered in Part III of the register an
acknowledgement of such registration in the prescribed
form.
( 2 ) The Council shall make rules as to the surrender of certifi-
cates and acknowledgements issued under subsection ( 1 ) of this
section.
11.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section the Council Approval of
may approve for the purposes of this Act- courses , qualifications
( a ) any course of training which the Council considers is and
designed to confer on persons completing it sufficient institutions .
knowledge and skill for carrying out the shoeing of
horses ;
( b) any qualification which, as the result of an examination
taken inconjunction with a course of training approved
1268 c. 35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
by the Council under this section, is granted to candi-
dates reaching a standard at the examination indicating,
in the opinion of the Council, that they have sufficient
knowledge and skill to carry out the shoeing of horses ;
( c) any qualification which, as a result of an examination
taken by a person whose name has been registered in
Part II of the register, is granted to candidates reach-
ing such standards as is mentioned in paragraph (b)
hereof ;
( d ) any institution which the Council considers is properly
organised and equipped for conducting the whole or
any part of a course of training approved by the
Council under this section ;
and may refuse its approval under this section or withdraw
such an approval previously given ; and notice of the giving,
refusal or withdrawal of such an approval shall be served by
the Council on the body or person affected .
(2) Where the Council has refused to approve, or has with-
drawn its approval from, any qualification or institution under
this section, it shall give notice of its decision to the body
or person affected.
( 3) The withdrawal of an approval under this section shall
not prejudice the registration or entitlement to registration of
any person who was registered or entitled to registration by
virtue of that approval immediately before it was withdrawn.
( 4 ) Any reference in this section to a body or person affected,
in relation to an approval, is a reference to the body or person.
who applied for approval.
Supervision of 12. It shall be the duty of the Council to keep itself
approved informed of the nature of the instruction given at institutions
institutions and
examinations. approved under the last foregoing section of this Act to persons
attending courses approved under that section and of the exami-
nations in the carrying out of farriery the passing of which may
be prescribed by the Council as being a condition of registration
under this Act.
The 13.-( 1 ) The Council shall set up a committee from among its
Investigating members to be known as the Investigating Committee, for the
Committee.
preliminary investigation of cases (hereinafter referred to as
66
disciplinary cases ") in which it is alleged that a person is
liable to have his name erased from the register on any grounds
specified in section 15 of this Act.
( 2) It shall be the function of the Investigating Committee to
decide whether a disciplinary case ought to be referred to the
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 c. 35
Disciplinary Committee, set up under the next following section,
to be dealt with by it in accordance with the following pro-
visions of this Act.
(3) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the constitution of the Investigating Committee.
14.-( 1 ) The Council shall set up a committee from among its The
members to be known as the Disciplinary Committee, for the Disciplinary
consideration and determination of disciplinary cases referred Committee.
to it under the last foregoing section and of any other cases
of which they have cognizance under section 9 or any of the
following provisions of this Act.
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the constitution and procedure of the Disciplinary
Committee.
15.-( 1 ) Where- Removal of
names from
( a ) a person who is registered by the Council is judged register .
by the Disciplinary Committee to be guilty of serious
misconduct in any professional respect ; or
( b) the Disciplinary Committee is satisfied that such a
person was not qualified for registration at the time
he was registered ; or
( c ) such a person has been convicted of an offence involv-
ing cruelty to animals,
the Committee may, if it thinks fit , direct that the person's
name shall be removed from the register or that his registration
therein shall be suspended, that is to say, it shall not have effect
during a period specified in the direction :
Provided that, in any case falling within paragraph (b) of this
subsection, where the application for registration was referred
to the Disciplinary Committee under section 9 of this Act,
the Committee shall not direct that a person's name shall be
removed from the register except upon evidence which was not
before the Committee when it considered the application.
(2) When the Disciplinary Committee directs that a person's
name shall be removed from the register, the Committee shall
cause notice of the direction to be served on that person.
( 3) A person in respect of whom a direction is made under
subsection ( 1 ) of this section may, within twenty-eight days after
notice of the direction was given to him, appeal against the
direction to the High Court, or, in Scotland, to the Court of
Session.
( 4 ) The Council may appear as respondent on any such
appeal, and for the purpose of enabling directions to be given
1269
1270 Offencesby
unregistered
persons.
c.35
Farriers ( Registration ) Act 1975
as to costs of any such appeal the Council shall be deemed
to be a party thereto, whether it appears on the hearing of the
appeal or not.
( 5) On the hearing of the appeal the Court may make such
order as it thinks fit , and its order shall be final.
( 6) Adirection made under subsection ( 1) of this section shall
not take effect before the expiration of the time limited for
appealing against it, and where an appeal is lodged the direction
shall not take effect before the appeal is disposed of or withdrawn
or fails for want of prosecution.
( 7 ) A person whose name is removed from the register in
pursuance of a direction of the Disciplinary Committee under
this section shall not be entitled to be registered in the register
again except in pursuance of a direction in that behalf given by
the Committee on the application of that person ; and a direction
under this section for the removal of a person's name from the
register may prohibit an application under this subsection by
that person until the expiration of such period from the date of
the direction ( and where he has duly made such an application,
from the date of his last application ) as may be specified in the
direction.
16.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall be
unlawful-
( a) for a person who is not registered in the register to carry
out any farriery ; or
( b) for a person who is registered in Part III of the register
to carry out farriery by way of trade or for reward ; or
( c) for a person who is not registered in the register to use
or adopt the style, title or description " farrier "
or " shoeing smith " or any other style, title or descrip-
tion similar thereto or which may be calculated to
deceive or mislead or cause any person to believe that
such person is so registered :
Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the
carrying out of farriery by-
(i) a person serving under articles of apprenticeship
which satisfy the prescribed terms and conditions, if
carried out in the course of his apprenticeship ;
(ii) a person attending a course of training approved
by the Council under section 11 of this Act conducted
at an institution so approved if carried out in the
course of his training ;
( iii ) a veterinary surgeon or veterinary
practitioner ;
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 c. 35
( iv ) a person undergoing training as a veterinary
surgeon in respect of any farriery carried out by him
under the supervision of a veterinary surgeon, veter-
inary practitioner or a person registered under this
Act; or
( v) a person rendering first-aid in case of emergency
to ahorse.
( 2 ) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a person-
( a ) who, having had his name removed from the register has
not yet been given notice by the registrar of its
removal ; or
( b) who, having applied for registration in the register before
the expiration of the period of two years or 12 months
as the case may be beginning with the day appointed
by the Secretary of State under section 19 of this Act
as the day on which this Act, except this section, is
to come into force, or such period as the Council may
direct in pursuance of subsection (6 ) of section 7 of
this Act, has not had his application finally determined.
( 3) A person who contravenes this section shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.
( 4 ) (a) Where an offence under this section has been committed
by an employee and it is proved that his employer has
failed to take all reasonable steps to prevent the offence
then such employer shall be deemed also to be guilty
of an offence under this section and shall be liable to
be proceeded against and punished accordingly and
where such employer is a body corporate and an offence
punishable under this section is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be
attributable to, any neglect on the part of any director,
manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body
corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such
capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be
deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable
to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( b ) In this subsection, " director " in relation to any body
corporate established by or under any enactment for
the purpose of carrying on under national ownership
any industry or part of an industry or undertaking,
being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by
the members thereof, means a member of that body
corporate .
1271
1272 c. 35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
Service of
documents.
1889 с. 63.
17. Any notice or other document authorised or required to
be given under this Act may, without prejudice to any other
method of service but subject to any provision to the contrary
in rules under this Act, be served by post ; and for the purposes
of the application to this section of section 26 of the Inter-
pretation Act 1889 (which relates to service by post) the proper
address of a person to whose registration such a document
relates shall be his address in the register.
Interpretation.
18. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
" appointed day " in relation to any provision means the
day appointed under section 19 of this Act for the
commencement of that provision ;
" the Company " means The Worshipful Company of Far-
riers being The Livery Company of the City of London
bearing that name and incorporated by Royal Charter
dated the seventeenth day of January 1674 granted by
His late Majesty King Charles II ;
" the Council " means the Farriers Registration Council
established pursuant to section 2 of this Act ;
" farriery " means any work in connection with the prepara-
tion or treatment of the foot of a horse for the imme-
diate reception of a shoe thereon, the fitting by nailing
or otherwise of a shoe to the foot or the finishing off
of such work to the foot ;
" horse " includes pony, mule, donkey or other equine
animal ;
" notice " means notice in writing ;
66
"
prescribed means prescribed by rules drawn up by the
Council ;
66
register " means the register maintained pursuant to section
3 of this Act ;
66
registrar " means the registrar of the Council ; and
" shoeing " has the same meaning as farriery.
Short title and
commence-
ment.
19.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Farriers ( Registration)
Act 1975 .
(2) This Act, except section 16, shall come into force on such
day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint.
(3) The provisions of section 16 of this Act shall come into
force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 c. 35
1273
and different days may be appointed under this section for the
coming into force of those provisions in different areas .
( 4) The power of the Secretary of State to make orders under
this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
K
1274 c. 35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
Section 2.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
THE FARRIERS REGISTRATION COUNCIL
PART 1
Constitution
1. Subject as hereinafter provided, the Council shall consist of a
total of 16 members and shall comprise-
( a ) three persons appointed from time to time by the Company,
of whom one shall be Chairman of the Council ;
( b) two persons to be appointed as hereinafter provided who
shall be engaged in the carrying out of farriery on their
own account ;
( c ) two persons to be appointed as hereinafter provided who
shall be employees carrying out farriery in the course of
their employment, not being apprentices or persons under-
going a course of training ;
(d ) two persons appointed from time to time by the National
Master Farriers' , Blacksmiths' and Agricultural Engineers'
Association ( in this schedule referred to as " the Associa-
tion " ) ;
(e ) two persons appointed from time to time by the Royal
College of Veterinary Surgeons ; and
( f ) one person ( not being a person registered in the register
or a person qualified in the opinion of the person making
the appointment, to be so registered or a veterinary surgeon
or a veterinary practitioner ) appointed from time to time by
each of the following, namely-
The Jockey Club ;
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals ;
The Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas ;
The Small Industries Council for Rural Areas of
Scotland ; and
The British Equestrian Federation.
2. ( a) Of the persons first to be appointed in pursuance of sub-
paragraph (b) of the foregoing paragraph one shall be
appointed by the Association and one by the Company
and both shall be persons registered in the Company's
Register of Farriers .
( b) The persons first to be appointed in pursuance of sub-paragraph
( c ) of the foregoing paragraph shall be appointed by the
Association and shall be such persons as in the opinion of
the Association have the necessary qualifications.
3. All the first appointments of the members of the Council shall
so far as practicable be made before the appointed day in time to
enable the persons nominated to assume membership on its estab-
lishment.
c .35
Farriers (Registration) Act 1975 1275
4. Appointments to the Council in pursuance of either of the
said sub-paragraphs (b) or ( c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall
be made with due regard to the desirability of securing that the Coun-
cil includes persons representative of all parts of Great Britain.
5.- (1 ) The offices of the members of the Council appointed under
sub-paragraphs (b ) and ( c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall be
vacated at the expiration of the period of three years beginning with
the appointed day and at the expiration of each successive period of
three years thereafter, but this shall not preclude a person whose
office is thus vacated from being nominated to fill the vacancy.
( 2) The office of any member shall also be vacated if at any
time-
( a ) he would not qualify for appointment at that time under
the provision in accordance with which he was appointed ;
( b ) he resigns his office by notice given to the registrar.
( 3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy among the members
of the Council shall hold office during the remainder of the term of
office of the person in whose place he is appointed.
( 4 ) So far as is practicable an appointment to the Council shall
be so made as to enable the person appointed to assume office at
the time the vacancy in question arises.
6. Before the expiration of two years beginning with the appointed
day the Council shall draw up a scheme providing for the appoint-
ment after the expiration of the period of office of the members
first appointed of persons as members of the Council in pursuance
of sub-paragraphs (b) and (c ) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule under
a procedure provided for by the scheme.
PART II
Supplementary provisions
7. The quorum at meetings of the Council shall be seven or such
other number as the Council may determine.
8. The functions of the Council may be exercised notwithstanding
vacancies in its membership, and its proceedings shall not be
invalidated by any defect in the nomination of a member.
9. In addition to the Investigating Committee and the Disciplinary
Committee authorised by this Act, the Council may set up one or
more additional committees of the Council or one or more area
councils for any particular part or parts of Great Britain to carry
out, on behalf of the Council, such of its functions as the Council
may determine, not being functions required by this Act to be
carried out by the Council itself .
10. The Council shall appoint a registrar of the Council and such
other officers and servants as it may determine.
11. The Council shall keep proper accounts of all sums received
or paid by it, and proper records in relation to those accounts .
K 2
SCH. 1
1276 c. 35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
SCH. 1
1948 с. 58.
Section 13.
12.- (1) The Council shall appoint auditors of the Council and
shall cause its accounts to be audited annually by them and as
soon as is practicable after the accounts for any period have been
audited the Council shall cause them to be published.
( 2) A person shall not be qualified to be an auditor of the Council,
unless he is either a member of one or more of the following bodies-
( a ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
(b) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
( c ) the Association of Certified Accountants ;
( d ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
( e) any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes
of section 161(1)( a ) of the Companies Act 1948 by the
Secretary of State,
or a person who is for the time being authorised by the Secretary of
State under section 161(1)( b) of that Act as being a person with
similar qualifications obtained outside the United Kingdom.
( 3) None of the following persons shall be qualified to be an
auditor of the Council-
( a ) an officer or servant of the Council ;
(b ) a person who is a partner of or in the employment of an
officer or servant of the Council ;
(c ) a body corporate.
but a Scottish firm may act as auditor of the Council if each partner
of the firm is qualified so to act.
References in this sub-paragraph to an officer or servant shall be
construed as not including references to an auditor.
SCHEDULE 2
CONSTITUTION OF THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
1.- (1) The Investigating Committee shall consist of the Chairman
of the Council and five other members of the Council elected from
among themselves by members of the Council.
( 2 ) Of the said five other members so elected at least one shall be
a practising farrier or shall previously have been actively engaged in
carrying out farriery for a period of not less than five years.
( 3) The first election of the members of the Investigating Com-
mittee, other than the Chairman, shall be held at the first meeting
of the Council following the appointed day; thereafter ordinary
elections of the members of the Investigating Committee, other than
the Chairman, shall be held at the first meeting in each year of the
Council and any election to fill a casual vacancy occurring among
those members shall be held at the next meeting of the Council
after the vacancy occurs.
( 4 ) The quorum for a meeting of the Investigating Committee shall
be three.
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 с. 35
( 5) At any meeting of the Investigating Committee the Chairman
of the Council, or in his absence such member of the Committee as
the Committee may choose, shall be Chairman. The Chairman shall
have a second or casting vote.
( 6 ) The functions of the Investigating Committee may be exercised
notwithstanding vacancies in its membership, and its proceedings
shall not be invalidated by any defect in the election of a member.
( 7 ) A member of the Investigating Committee shall upon ceasing
to be a member of the Council also cease to be a member of the
Committee.
( 8) The Investigating Committee shall meet at such interval before
a meeting of the Disciplinary Committee as the Chairman of the
Council may determine and at such time and place as he may
determine.
2. The members of the Investigating Committee shall hold office
for such term as may be determined from time to time by the
Council.
SCHEDULE 3
THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE
PART I
Constitution of Disciplinary Committee
1.- (1 ) The Disciplinary Committee shall consist of a chairman
elected by the Council and of eight other members so elected, of
whom at least one shall be a practising farrier or shall previously
have been actively engaged in carrying out farriery for a period of not
less than five years.
( 2 ) The Council shall make rules as to the times and places of
the meetings of the Disciplinary Committee, the quorum and of the
mode of summoning the members thereof.
( 3) The quorum for a meeting of the Disciplinary Committee shall
be five.
( 4 ) A person shall not be qualified to be a member of the
Disciplinary Committee unless he is a member of the Council.
( 5 ) No person who acted as a member of the Investigating Com-
mittee with respect to any case shall act as a member of the
Disciplinary Committee with respect to that case.
2. The members of the Disciplinary Committee shall hold office
for such term as may be determined from time to time by the
Council.
3. The functions of the Disciplinary Committee may be exercised
notwithstanding vacancies in its membership, and its proceedings
shall not be invalidated by any defect in the election of a member.
K 3
1277
SCH . 2
Section 14.
1278 c.35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
1925 с. 49.
PART II
Procedure of Disciplinary Committee
4.- (1) For the purpose of any proceedings under this Act before
the Disciplinary Committee in England and Wales ( whether relating
to disciplinary cases or otherwise) the Disciplinary Committee may
administer oaths, and any party to the proceedings may sue out
writs of subpoena and testificandum and duces tecum, but no
person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any
document which he could not be compelled to produce on the
trial of an action.
( 2 ) Section 49 of the Supreme Court of Judicature ( Consolidation )
Act 1925 (which provides a special procedure for the issue of
such writs so as to be in force throughout the United Kingdom )
shall apply in relation to any such proceedings as aforesaid as it
applies in relation to causes or matters in the High Court.
( 3) For the purpose of any proceedings under this Act before the
Disciplinary Committee in Scotland ( whether relating to disciplinary
cases or otherwise ) the Disciplinary Committee may administer
oaths and the Court of Session shall on the application of any
party to the proceedings have the like power as in any action in
that court to grant warrant for the citation of witnesses and havers
to give evidence or to produce documents before the Disciplinary
Committee and for the issue of letters of second diligence against
any witness or haver failing to appear after due citation, to grant
warrant for the recovery of documents, and to grant commissions
to persons to take the evidence of witnesses or to examine havers
and receive their exhibits and productions .
( 4) The Council shall make rules as to the procedure to be
followed and the rules of evidence to be observed in proceedings
before the Disciplinary Committee, and in particular-
( a ) for securing that notice that the proceedings are to be
brought shall be given , at such time and in such manner
as may be specified in the rules, to the person alleged to be
liable to have his name erased from the registers ;
( b) for securing that any party to the proceedings shall, if he
so requires, be entitled to be heard by the Disciplinary
Committee;
( c ) for enabling any party to the proceedings to be represented
by counsel or solicitor or (if the rules so provide and the
party so elects) by a person of such other description as
may be specified in the rules ;
( d ) for requiring in any case where it is alleged that a person
registered under this Act has been guilty of serious mis-
conduct in any professional respect and where the Disci-
plinary Committee judge that the allegation has not been
proved, that they shall record a finding that the person is
not guilty of such misconduct in respect of the matter
to which the allegation relates ;
( e ) for ensuring that persons likely to be affected by any finding
of the Committee are duly notified of that finding :
Provided that, as respects proceedings for the restoration of names
to the register or appeals against the refusal of an application for
registration the Council shall have power to make rules with respect
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975 c .35
1279
to all or any of the matters aforesaid, but shall not be required
to do so , and separate rules under this paragraph may be made as
respects such proceedings and as respects such appeals.
( 5 ) Before making rules under this paragraph the Council shall
consult such organisations as appear to the Council to be represen-
tative of the interests of farriers or of persons employing farriers.
( 6) Rules under this paragraph shall not come into force until
approved by the Lord Chancellor, and the Lord Chancellor may
approve rules under this paragraph either as submitted to him or
subject to such modification as appears to him requisite : Provided
that where the Lord Chancellor proposes to approve such rules
subject to modifications he shall notify to the Council the
modifications he proposes to make and shall consider the observations
of the Council thereon.
5.- (1) For the purpose of advising the Disciplinary Committee
on questions of law arising in proceedings before them there shall
be in all such proceedings an assessor to the Disciplinary Committee
who shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than ten
years' standing.
( 2) The power of appointing assessors under this paragraph shall
be exercisable by the Council, but if no assessor appointed by it is
available to act at any particular proceedings the Disciplinary
Committee may appoint an assessor under this paragraph to act
at these proceedings .
( 3) The Lord Chancellor may make rules as to the functions of
assessors appointed under this paragraph, and in particular, rules
under this paragraph may contain such provisions for securing-
( a ) that where an assessor advises the Disciplinary Committee
on any question of law as to evidence, procedure or any
other matters specified in the rules, he shall do so in the
presence of every party, or person representing a party ,
to the proceedings who appears thereat or. if the advice is
tendered after the Disciplinary Committee have begun to
deliberate as to its findings, that every such party or person
as aforesaid shall be informed what advice the assessor
has tendered ;
(b) that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be
informed if in any case the Committee does not accept the
advice of the assessor on any such question as aforesaid ;
and such incidental and supplementary provisions, as appear to the
Lord Chancellor expedient.
( 4) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph an assessor under
this paragraph may be appointed either generally or for any particular
proceedings or class of proceedings, and shall hold and vacate
office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which
he is appointed.
( 5) Any remuneration paid by the Council to persons appointed
to act as assessors shall be at such rates as the Lord Chancellor
may approve .
K 4
SCH. 3
1280 SCH. 3 c .35
Farriers (Registration ) Act 1975
6. The power to make or approve rules conferred on the Lord
Chancellor by this Part of this Schedule shall be exercisable by
statutory instrument.
7. In the application of this Part of this Schedule to Scotland, for
the references to the Lord Chancellor there shall be substituted
references to the Lord Advocate.
c. 36 1281

Air Travel
Act 1975
Reserve
Fund
1975 CHAPTER 36
An Act to make provision for establishing a fund from
which payments may be made in certain cases in respect
of losses or liabilities incurred by customers of air
travel organisers in consequence of the inability of
the air travel organisers to meet their financial commit-
ments in respect of certain descriptions of travel
contracts, and for establishing an agency to hold,
manage and apply the fund; to provide for requiring
contributions from air travel organisers for the purposes
of the fund; to provide for loans to the agency by the
Secretary of State; and for purposes connected with
the matters aforesaid . [ 22nd May 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. (1 ) There shall be a body corporate, to be called the The Air
Air Travel Reserve Fund Agency (hereafter in this Act referred Travel
to as " the Agency ") .
Reserve Fund
Agency.( 2) The functions of the Agency shall be to hold, manage
and apply, in accordance with the provisions of this Act and
any rules made by the Civil Aviation Authority (hereafter in this
Act referred to as " the Authority ") under section 3 below, any
sums paid or lent to the Agency under or by virtue of this Act ;
and the assets for the time being representing any sums so paid
or lent to the Agency shall constitute a fund to be known as the
Air Travel Reserve Fund (hereafter in this Act referred to as
" the Fund ") .
1282 c .36
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975
( 3) The Agency shall consist of such number of persons
appointed by the Secretary of State, after consultation with the
Authority, to be members thereof as may appear to the Secretary
of State to be appropriate ; and the Secretary of State shall
appoint one member to be the chairman of the Agency.
( 4) The persons appointed as members of the Agency shall
include-
( a ) persons who are members or officers of the Authority ;
and
( b ) persons appearing to the Secretary of State to be repre-
sentative of the interests of persons engaged in the
United Kingdom in the provision of travel facilities
to members of the public ;
and the Secretary of State shall also ensure, through the exercise
of his power of appointment in relation to the membership of
the Agency, that the interests of members of the public using
travel facilities provided by persons so engaged are specially
represented on the Agency.
(5) The person appointed chairman of the Agency shall be a
person who is neither-
( a) a member of the Authority or an officer of the Authority
or of the Department of Trade, nor
( b) in any way associated by way of business with persons
engaged in the provision of travel facilities as mentioned
in subsection (4) ( b) above.
(6) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the Agency.
Limits on the
2. (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section and
application of any rules made by the Authority under section 3 below, the
theAir
Fund may be applied in making payments to or for the benefit
Travel
of customers of air travel organisers in respect of losses or
Reserve Fund. liabilities incurred by them in connection with overseas air
travel contracts to which this section applies or overseas surface
travel contracts .
( 2) A person is a customer of an air travel organiser within
the meaning of this section if he has made any payment to an
air travel organiser under or with a view to entering into a
contract with him ; and for the purposes of this section a loss
or liability incurred by a customer of an air travel organiser is a
loss or liability incurred in connection with a contract of any
description mentioned in subsection ( 1) above if-
( a) it is a loss incurred in respect of any payment made by
the customer to the air travel organiser under or in
contemplation of a contract of that description ; or
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975 c . 36
1283
( b) it is a loss or ( as the case may be) a liability incurred
in consequence of a breach by the air travel organiser
of any of his obligations towards the customer under
a contract of that description.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to losses or liabilities
incurred in connection with a contract of any description
mentioned in that subsection unless-
( a) the losses or liabilities were incurred in consequence
of the inability of the air travel organiser to meet his
financial commitments under or in respect of contracts
of that description ; and
( b ) the time for performance under the contract fell, or
would if the contract had been concluded have fallen,
on or after 1st April 1974.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to losses or liabilities
incurred in connection with an overseas air travel contract
unless-
( a) the air travel organiser in question held an air travel
organiser's licence at the time of booking ; or
( b) the time for performance under the contract fell, or
would if the contract had been concluded have fallen,
before 6th February 1975 .
( 5) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to losses or liabilities
incurred in connection with an overseas surface travel contract
unless-
( a ) the air travel organiser in question held an air travel
organiser's licence at the time of booking ; and
( b ) the time for performance under the contract fell, or
would if the contract had been concluded have fallen,
before 6th February 1975.
( 6 ) Where
( a ) losses or liabilities are incurred by a customer of an air
travel organiser in connection with an overseas air
travel contract to which this section applies ; and
(b) at the time of booking there was in force, in accordance
with any requirements then applicable to the air travel
organiser by virtue of any regulations made under
section 26 of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 , any bond or 1971 с. 75.
other security provided or procured by the air travel
organiser for the protection of his customers in the
event of his being unable to carry out his obligations
towards them ;
the losses or liabilities in question shall be treated for the pur-
poses of subsection (3)( a) above as having been incurred in
consequence of the inability of the air travel organiser to meet
1284 c.36
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975
his financial commitments under or in respect of overseas air
travel contracts to which this section applies if, since that time,
the money due under that bond or security, or under any
bond or other security provided or procured by the air travel
organiser in place of it, has become payable.
( 7) Where any money is in fact available under any such bond
or security as is mentioned in subsection (6 ) above for the
purpose of compensating customers of the air travel organiser
in question in respect of losses or liabilities incurred by them
in connection with overseas air travel contracts to which this
section applies-
( a) no payment shall be made out of the Fund in any case
falling within that subsection until all the money so
available has been paid to or for the benefit of the
customers in question or any class or description of
those customers ; and
( b) subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to any losses or
liabilities incurred by a customer in a case falling
within subsection (6) above in so far as the customer has
been reimbursed in respect thereof from any money
paid under the bond or security.
( 8) In this section-
" overseas air travel contract " means any contract for the
provision of accommodation for the carriage of a party
to the contract (with or without any other persons) on
an overseas flight, whether the provision of accom-
modation in question is the sole subject- matter of the
contract or is associated with the provision thereunder
of any other services, accommodation or facilities ;
66 overseas surface travel contract " means any contract other
than an overseas air travel contract, being a contract
for the provision of accommodation for the carriage
of a party to the contract ( with or without any other
persons), otherwise than on a flight, from a place in the
United Kingdom to a place outside the United
Kingdom, whether the provision of accommodation in
question is the sole subject-matter of the contract or
is associated with the provision thereunder of any other
services , accommodation or facilities ;
" time for performance " means, in relation to a contract of
any description mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above,
the time for performance by the air travel organiser
of any of his obligations under the contract with respect
to the provision of any services, accommodation or
facilities ; and
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975 c. 36
1285
" time of booking " means the time when a payment was
first made by the customer to the air travel organiser
under or in contemplation of the overseas air travel
contract or the overseas surface travel contract in
question.
( 9) An overseas air travel contract is an overseas air travel
contract to which this section applies where the accommodation
on a flight to which the contract relates is to be made available
in such circumstances that the making of it available constitutes
an activity in respect of which the air travel organiser with
whom the contract is or is to be made is required by virtue
of any regulations for the time being in force under section 26
of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 to hold an air travel organiser's 1971 c. 75 .
licence.
(10) In this Act-
" air travel organiser " means a person whose activities
consist of or include activities in respect of which he
is required, by virtue of any regulations for the time
being in force under section 26 of the Civil Aviation
Act 1971 , to hold an air travel organiser's licence ;
and
" air travel organiser's licence " means a licence under
regulations made under that section .
3.- (1 ) Subject to the approval of the Secretary of State, the Rules for the
Authority shall make rules with respect to the application of the payment of
Fund in making payments under this Act to or for the benefit
benefits from
the Fund.of customers of air travel organisers (hereafter in this section
referred to as benefit rules ") .66
( 2) The benefit rules may define particular circumstances in
which losses or liabilities which are (within the meaning of
section 2 above) losses or liabilities incurred by a customer of
an air travel organiser in connection with a contract of any
description mentioned in subsection ( 1) of that section are to
be treated for the purposes of subsection (3)( a) of that section
as incurred in consequence of the inability of the air travel
organiser to meet his financial commitments under or in respect
of contracts of that description ; but any circumstances so
defined must be circumstances of a character indicating or
suggesting financial difficulties, whether in general or as affecting
in particular the performance by an air travel organiser of his
obligations towards his customers under contracts of that
description.
( 3) The Agency shall not make payments out of the Fund
in respect of losses or liabilities to which section 2( 1) above
applies except in cases where such payments are authorised
1286 Contributions
for the
purposes of
theFundby
air travel
organisers .
1971 с. 75.
c. 36
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975
by the benefit rules, which may (without prejudice to the making
of any other provision thereby)-
( a) prescribe the conditions which must be satisfied before
any such payments may be made in any cases or
classes of case in which such payments are authorised
by the rules ;
(b) provide for determining the amount of any such pay-
ments in any such cases or classes of case ; and
( c) provide for the terms on which and the manner in
which any such payments may be made in any such
cases or classes of case.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of the Agency to supply to any person
on request, free of charge, a copy of the benefit rules for the time
being in force ; and the Agency may from time to time take such
steps as may appear to them to be appropriate for bringing the
provisions of the benefit rules to the notice of the public.
4.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) below, regulations
made under section 26 of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 may make
such provision (including in particular any such provision as
is mentioned in subsection (2) of that section) as the Secretary
of State, after consultation with the Authority, considers appro-
priate for requiring contributions, at such a rate as may be
specified in the regulations, to be made for the purposes of
the Fund by air travel organisers to whom this section applies,
or by any class of such air travel organisers .
(2) The rate of contributions to be required from any air
travel organiser under regulations made under section 26 by
virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above shall be fixed as a percentage of
the total amount of the sums paid or payable by customers of
the air travel organiser in respect of services, accommodation
or facilities provided under overseas air travel contracts to
which section 2 above applies for persons for whom the air
travel organiser has provided accommodation on overseas flights
under the authority of an air travel organiser's licence during the
period to which the contribution relates ; but the provision autho-
rised to be made by subsection ( 1) above shall include-
(a) provision for requiring from air travel organisers to
whom this section applies, in connection with the issue
or variation or during the currency of an air travel
organiser's licence , such provisional payments in respect
of contributions which may thereafter become due
under the regulations as the Authority may determine
to be appropriate in any particular case ; and
(b) provision for the manner in which any overpayment
by way of a provisional payment so required is to be
repaid or credited to the air travel organiser in ques-
tion .
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975 c . 36
1287
(3) No regulations shall be made under section 26 by virtue of
subsection ( 1) above unless a draft of the statutory instrument
containing the regulations has been approved by a resolution of
each House of Parliament.
( 4) Any sum due in respect of a contribution payable under
regulations made under section 26 by virtue of this section
may be recovered by the Authority in any court of competent
jurisdiction .
(5 ) The Authority shall from time to time pay over to the
Agency an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the sums
received by the Authority by virtue of this section and not pre-
viously accounted for by way of a payment under this subsection,
less any expenses incurred by the Authority (and not previously
deducted from a payment under this subsection) for the purpose
of performing any of the functions conferred on it under or by
virtue of this section .
(6) An air travel organiser is an air travel organiser to whom
this section applies if the activities in respect of which he is
required to hold an air travel organiser's licence consist of or
include (or will if a licence is granted to him consist of or
include ) making available ( whether as principal or agent)
accommodation for the carriage of persons on overseas flights .
5.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, the Secretary of State Loans to the
may, out of money provided by Parliament, make loans to the Agency by the
Agency of such amount and on such terms as the Secretary of Secretary of
State.
State may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.
(2) Loans made under this section shall not in the aggregate
exceed £ 15 million, and no loan shall be made under this section
after 30th September 1977.
( 3) Any loans made by the Secretary of State under this
section shall be repaid by the Agency out of the Fund.
( 4 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State in repay-
ment of any loan made under this section shall be paid into
the Consolidated Fund.
6. The Secretary of State may at any time, after consultation Power of the
with the Authority, the Agency, and persons appearing to him to Secretary of
be representative of the interests of persons engaged in the United Stateto
dissolve the
Kingdom in the provision of air travel facilities to members of Agency and
the public, by order provide for the dissolution of the Agency, wind up the
the winding up of the Fund and the disposal of any assets then Fund.
standing to the credit of the Fund.
1288 c . 36
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975
Interpretation,
supplementary
and consequen-
tial provisions.
1971 с. 75.
Citation and
extent.
7. ( 1 ) In this Act-
" the Agency " has the meaning given in section 1(1) above ;
" the Authority " has the meaning given in section 1(2)
above ;
" air travel organiser " and " air travel organiser's licence "
have the meanings given in section 2(10) above ;
" the Fund " has the meaning given in section 1(2) above ;
66
overseas flight " means any flight between places one or
both of which are situated outside the United
Kingdom ;
and expressions to which a meaning is given for the purposes
of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 have the same meaning in this
Act as in that Act.
( 2) Sections 3 and 9 of that Act (which provide for the general
objectives of the Authority in exercising its functions in relation
to civil aviation and for charges by the Authority in respect of
the performance of its functions ) do not apply in relation to the
functions conferred on the Authority by this Act, but sections
63(1) and ( 4) and 66 of that Act ( which make provision with
respect to the power of the Secretary of State to make orders
and regulations under that Act and the procedure for doing so
and with respect to the application of the provisions of that Act
to certain overseas territories) shall have effect as if the pro-
visions of this Act were contained in that Act.
( 3) No statutory instrument of which a draft has been approved
by a resolution of each House of Parliament in accordance with
section 4(3) above shall be subject to annulment in accordance
with section 63( 1) of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 .
8. ( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Air Travel Reserve
Fund Act 1975.
( 2) It is declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975 c. 36
1289
SCHEDULE
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE AIR TRAVEL RESERVE
FUND AGENCY
Appointment, tenure and remuneration of members
1.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the
members of the Agency ( including the chairman ) shall hold and
vacate office in accordance with the terms of their respective appoint-
ments.
( 2) A person may at any time resign his office as a member or as
chairman by giving to the Secretary of State a notice in writing signed
by that person and stating that he resigns that office.
( 3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member has become
bankrupt or made an arrangement with his creditors the Secretary of
State may declare his office as a member to be vacant and shall
notify the declaration in such manner as the Secretary of State thinks
fit ; and thereupon the office shall become vacant.
( 4 ) In the application of sub-paragraph (3) above to Scotland, for
the words " a member has become bankrupt or made an arrangement
with his creditors " there shall be substituted the words " sequestra-
tion of a member's estate has been awarded or that a member has
made a trust deed for behoof of his creditors or a compensation
contract ".
2. (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, the Agency shall pay
to each member such remuneration and such travelling, subsistence
or other allowances as the Agency may determine.
( 2) Any determination of the Agency with respect to the remunera-
tion to be paid to any member shall be subject to the approval of
the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State shall not give his
approval without the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service.
Powers and procedure, etc.
3. Subject to paragraph 4 below-
( a ) the Agency shall have power to do anything incidental to
the proper performance of the functions conferred on them
by or under this Act, and the members of the Agency shall
have such powers and duties in relation to the performance
of the functions of the Agency and matters incidental thereto
as the Agency may from time to time determine ; and
( b) the Agency shall have power to regulate their own procedure,
including the manner in which matters subject to the deter-
mination of the Agency are to be determined by or on behalf
of the Agency.
4. The exercise by the Agency of their functions in relation to
the management of the Fund shall be subject to any directions the
Secretary of State may think fit to give to the Agency from time
to time ; and directions given by the Secretary of State under this
paragraph may in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality
Section 1( 6 )
1290 c.36
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act 1975
of the preceding provision ) confine any investments to be made by
the Agency for the purposes of the Fund to investments of any
particular class or description.
5. The validity of any action taken by or on behalf of the Agency
shall not be affected by any vacancy amongst the members or by
any defect in the appointment of a member.
Instruments and contracts
6. The fixing of the common seal of the Agency shall be authen-
ticated by a member of the Agency or some other person authorised
by the Agency to act for that purpose.
7. A document purporting to be duly executed under the seal of
the Agency shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary
is proved, be deemed to be so executed.
Expenses
8. The expenses incurred by the Agency in the performance of their
functions, and any remuneration or allowances paid to the members
of the Agency, shall be paid out of the Fund.
Accounts, Audit and Annual Report
9.- (1) It shall be the duty of the Agency-
( a ) to keep proper accounts and proper records in relation to the
accounts ; and
( b) to prepare in respect of each period of account a statement
of accounts, in such form as the Secretary of State may
direct with the approval of the Treasury, showing the state
of the affairs and income and expenditure of the Agency.
( 2 ) The accounts of the Agency shall be audited in such manner
as the Secretary of State may direct with the approval of the
Treasury.
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Agency to make to the Secretary
of State, as soon as possible after the end of each period of account,
a report on the performance of their functions during that period,
and to include in that report a copy of the statement of accounts
prepared in respect of that period in accordance with sub-paragraph
(1)( b) above and any report made by the auditors on the statement
or on the accounts.
( 4) In this paragraph " period of account " means the period
beginning with the date on which this Act is passed and ending
with 31st March 1976 and any subsequent period of twelve months
ending with the 31st March in any year.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State shall lay before each House of Parliament
a copy of every report made to him in pursuance of this paragraph.
c. 37 1291

Nursing Homes Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 37
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to
nursing homes.
[3rd July 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Meaning of “ nursing home " and " mental nursing home "
1. ( 1) In this Act " nursing home " means, subject to sub- Meaning of
section ( 2) below, any premises used, or intended to be used, "nursing home " .
for the reception of, and the providing of nursing for, persons
suffering from any sickness, injury or infirmity.
( 2) In this Act " nursing home " includes a maternity home
( that is to say, any premises used, or intended to be used, for
the reception of pregnant women, or of women immediately
after childbirth), but does not include
( a) any hospital or other premises maintained or controlled
by a Government department, a local authority as
defined in subsection (3) below, or any other authority
or body constituted by special Act of Parliament or
incorporated by Royal Charter ; or
(b) any mental nursing home as defined in section 2 below.
(3) In subsection (2) (a) above " local authority " means a
county council, the council of a district or London borough,
the Common Council of the City of London, the Sub-Treasurer
of the Inner Temple, and the Under Treasurer of the Middle
Temple.
c.37
1292 Nursing Homes Act 1975
Meaning of
" mental
nursing
home".
1946 с. 81.
1973 с. 32.
Registration
of nursing
homes and
mental
nursing
homes.
1959 с. 72.
2.- (1 ) In this Act " mental nursing home " means, subject
to subsection ( 2) below, any premises used, or intended to be
used, for the reception of, and the provision of nursing or other
medical treatment (including care and training under medical
supervision) for, one or more mentally disordered patients ( mean-
ing persons suffering, or appearing to be suffering, from mental
disorder) , whether exclusively or in common with other persons.
( 2) In this Act " mental nursing home " does not include any
hospital as defined in subsection (3) below, or any other premises
managed by a Government department or provided by a local
authority.
(3) In subsection (2) above " hospital " means-
( a) any hospital vested in the Secretary of State by virtue
of the National Health Service Act 1946 ;
( b) any accommodation provided by a local authority, and
used as a hospital by or on behalf of the Secretary
of State under the National Health Service Acts 1946
to 1973 ; and
( c) any special hospital within the meaning of section
40( 1) of the National Health Service Reorganisation
Act 1973.
Registration and conduct of nursing homes and
mental nursing homes
3.-( 1 ) Any person who carries on a nursing home or a
mental nursing home without being registered under this Act
in respect of that home shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) An application for registration under this Act-
(a) shall be made to the Secretary of State ;
(b) shall be accompanied by a fee of such amount as the
Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe ;
( c ) in the case of a mental nursing home, shall specify
whether or not it is proposed to receive in the home
patients who are liable to be detained under the
provisions of the Mental Health Act 1959.
( 3) Subject to section 4 below, the Secretary of State shall, on
receiving an application under subsection (2) above, register the
applicant in respect of the home named in the application, and
shall issue to the applicant a certificate of registration.
(4) Where a person is registered in pursuance of an applica-
tion stating that it is proposed to receive in the home such
patients as are described in subsection (2) (c) above-
(a) that fact shall be specified in the certificate of registra-
tion ; and
c . 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1293
( b) the particulars of the registration shall be entered by
the Secretary of State in a separate part of the register.
( 5) The certificate of registration issued under this Act in
respect of any nursing home or mental nursing home shall be
kept affixed in a conspicuous place in the home, and if default
is made in complying with this subsection the person carrying
on the home shall be guilty of an offence.
4. The Secretary of State may refuse to register an applicant Refusal of
in respect of a nursing home or a mental nursing home if he is registration.
satisfied-
( a ) that the applicant, or any person employed or proposed
to be employed by the applicant at the home, is not
a fit person (whether by reason of age or otherwise)
to carry on or be employed at a home of such a
description as that named in the application ; or
(b) that, for reasons connected with situation, construction,
state of repair, accommodation, staffing or equipment,
the home is not, or any premises used in connection
therewith are not, fit to be used for such a home ; or
( c) that the home is, or any premises used in connection
therewith are, used, or proposed to be used, for pur-
poses which are in any way improper or undesirable in
the case of such a home ; or
( d ) in the case of a home other than a maternity home-
( i) that the home is not, or will not be, under the
charge of a person who is either a registered medical
practitioner or a qualified nurse, and is or will be
resident in the home ; or
(ii) that there is not, or will not be, a proper
proportion of qualified nurses among the persons
having the superintendence of, or employed in the
nursing of the patients in, the home ; or
( e) in the case of a maternity home-
(i) that the person who has, or will have, the
superintendence of the nursing of the patients in
the home is not either a qualified nurse or a
certified midwife ; or
(ii ) that any person employed, or proposed to be
employed, in attending any woman in the home
in childbirth, or in nursing any patient in the home,
is not either a registered medical practitioner, a
certified midwife, a pupil midwife, or a qualified
nurse .
c. 37
1294 Nursing Homes Act 1975
Regulations as
toconduct of
homes.
5.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to
the conduct of nursing homes and mental nursing homes, and
such regulations may in particular-
( a) make provision as to the facilities and services to be
provided in such homes ;
(b) provide that a contravention of or failure to comply with
any specified provision of the regulations shall be an
offence against the regulations.
( 2) In the case of nursing homes, regulations made under
subsection ( 1 ) above may empower the Secretary of State to
limit the number of persons, or persons of any description,
who may be received into any such home, and enable registra-
tion of any such home to be made subject to the condition that
persons shall not be received into the home in excess of the
number fixed for the home in accordance with the regulations.
Supplemen-
tary regulations.
6. The Secretary of State may make regulations-
( a ) with respect to the registration of persons under this
Act in respect of nursing homes and mental nursing
homes, and in particular with respect to-
(i) the making of applications for registration ;
(ii) the refusal and cancellation of registration ;
and
(iii) appeals to magistrates' courts against refusals
and cancellations of registration ;
( b ) with respect to the keeping of records relating to nurs-
ing homes and mental nursing homes and with respect
to the notification of events occurring in such homes ;
( c) with respect to entry into and the inspection of premises
used or reasonably believed to be used as a nursing
home ;
(d ) providing that a contravention of or failure to comply
with any specified provision of the regulations shall
be an offence against the regulations .
Cancellation
7. The Secretary of State may at any time cancel the registra-
of registration. tion of a person in respect of a nursing home or a mental
nursing home-
( a ) on any ground which would entitle him to refuse an
application for the registration of that person in respect
of that home ;
( b) on the ground that that person has been convicted of
an offence against the provisions of this Act relating
c. 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1295
to nursing homes or mental nursing homes, or on the
ground that any other person has been convicted of
such an offence in respect of that home ;
( c) on the ground that any condition imposed by section
8(1 ) and (2) below has not been complied with ;
( d ) on the ground that that person has been convicted of
an offence against regulations made under section 5
or section 6 above.
8.- (1) It shall be a condition of the registration of any Additional
person in respect of a mental nursing home that the number of registration
conditions for
persons kept at any one time in the home ( excluding persons mental nursing
carrying on, or employed in, the home, together with their homes.
families) does not exceed such number as may be specified in
the certificate of registration.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, any such
registration may be effected subject to such conditions ( to be
specified in the certificate of registration) as the Secretary of State
may consider appropriate for regulating the age, sex or other
category of persons who may be received in the home in question.
( 3) If any condition imposed by or under subsection ( 1) or (2)
above is not complied with, the person carrying on the home
shall be guilty of an offence.
9.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person Inspection
authorised in that behalf by the Secretary of State may at any of mental
time, after producing, if asked to do so, some duly authenticated nursing
homes and
document showing that he is so authorised, enter and inspect visiting of
any premises which are used, or which that person has reason- patients.
able cause to believe to be used, for the purposes of a mental
nursing home, and may inspect any records kept in pursuance
of section 6(b) above.
(2) A person authorised under subsection ( 1) above to inspect
a mental nursing home may visit and interview in private any
patient residing in the home who is, or appears to be, suffering
from mental disorder-
( a ) for the purpose of investigating any complaint as to
his treatment made by or on behalf of the patient ; or
( b) in any case where the person so authorised has reason-
able cause to believe that the patient is not receiving
proper care ;
and where the person so authorised is a medical practitioner, he
may examine the patient in private, and may require the
production of, and inspect, any medical records relating to the
patient's treatment in that home.
c. 37
1296 Nursing Homes Act 1975
1890 с. 5.
Effect of
cancellation
or death on
mental
nursing home
registration .
1959 с. 72.
( 3) Regulations made under section 5 above may make provi-
sion with respect to the exercise on behalf of the Secretary of
State of the powers conferred by this section, and may in
particular provide
( a) for imposing conditions or restrictions with respect to
the exercise of those powers in relation to mental
nursing homes which, immediately before 1st Novem-
ber 1960, were registered hospitals as defined in sub-
section (4) below, and
(b) subject as aforesaid, for requiring the inspection of
mental nursing homes under subsection ( 1 ) above to
be carried out on such occasions, or at such intervals,
as the regulations may prescribe.
"
( 4 ) In subsection (3)(a) above, " registered hospital means
a hospital registered as mentioned in section 231 ( 9) of the
Lunacy Act 1890.
( 5) Any person who refuses to allow the inspection of any
premises, or without reasonable cause refuses to allow the
visiting, interviewing or examination of any person by a person
authorised in that behalf under this section or to produce for the
inspection of any person so authorised any document or record
the production of which is duly required by him, or otherwise
obstructs any such person in the exercise of his functions, shall
be guilty of an offence.
(6) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (5)
above, any person who insists on being present when requested
to withdraw by a person authorised as aforesaid to interview
or examine a person in private, shall be guilty of an offence.
10.- (1) This section applies to any mental nursing home the
particulars of the registration of which are entered in the separate
part of the register referred to in paragraph (b) of section 3( 4 )
above, and in subsections (2) and ( 3) below " patient " means a
person suffering or appearing to be suffering from mental
disorder.
( 2 ) If the registration of any such home is cancelled under
section 7 above at a time when any patient is liable to be
detained in the home under the provisions of the Mental Health
Act 1959, the registration shall, notwithstanding the cancellation,
continue in force until the expiry of the period of two months
beginning with the date of the cancellation, or until every such
patient has ceased to be so liable, whichever first occurs.
(3) If the person registered in respect of any such home ( not
being one of two or more persons so registered ) dies at a time
when any patient is liable to be so detained, the registration
c . 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1297
shall continue in force until the expiry of the period of two
months beginning with the death, or until every such patient has
ceased to be so liable, or until a person other than the deceased
has been registered in respect of the home, whichever first occurs .
( 4 ) A registration continued in force by virtue of subsection
(3) above shall continue in force-
( a ) as from the grant of representation to the estate of the
deceased, for the benefit of the personal representative
ofthe deceased; and
( b) pending the grant of such representation, for the benefit
of any person approved for the purpose by the Secre-
tary of State.
( 5) For the purposes of this Act, a person for whose benefit
the registration continues in force by virtue of subsection (3)
above shall be treated as registered in respect of the home.
Offences
11.- (1 ) Proceedings in respect of an offence under section 3( 1) Proceedings.
or ( 5) above relating to a nursing home shall not, without the
written consent of the Attorney General, be taken by any person
other than a party aggrieved or the Secretary of State.
(2 ) Alocal social services authority may institute proceedings
for any offence under section 9( 5) or (6) above.
12. A person guilty of an offence under section 3( 1) above Failure to
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding register.
£ 50 or, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to a
fine not exceeding £50, or to both such imprisonment and fine.
13.-(1) A person guilty of an offence under section 3( 5) Failure to
above shall be liable on summary conviction-
affix
certificate of
( a ) to a fine not exceeding £5 ; and,
registration.( b) subject to subsection (2) below, to a further fine not
exceeding £2 for each day on which the offence
continues after conviction.
( 2) The court by which a person is convicted of an original
offence under subsection ( 1) above may fix a reasonable period
from the date of conviction for compliance with any directions
given by the court ; and where the court has fixed such a
period, the daily penalty prescribed by that subsection shall not
c. 37
1298 Nursing Homes Act 1975
be recoverable in respect of any day before the expiry of that
period.
Contravention
14. A person guilty of an offence against regulations made
of regulations. under section 5 or section 6 above shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.
Breach of 15. A person guilty of the offence referred to in section 8 (3 )
condition as to above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
registration .
exceeding £20.
Obstruction.
16. A person guilty of an offence under section 9(5) or ( 6)
above shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding
£100, or to both such imprisonment and fine.
Bodies
corporate and
their officers .
17.-(1 ) Subsection (2) below applies to-
(a ) an offence under section 3( 1) or (5) above ;
( b) an offence against regulations made under section 5
above so far as that section relates to nursing homes ;
( c ) an offence against regulations made under section 6
above.
( 2) Where an offence referred to in subsection ( 1) above which
has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have
been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be
attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager,
secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any
person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the
body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence,
and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished
accordingly.
1
Miscellaneous and supplemental
Power to
18.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may grant exemption from
exempt
the operation of the provisions of this Act in respect of any
Christian
nursing home or mental nursing home as respects which he is
Science homes. satisfied that it is being, or will be, carried on in accordance
with the practice and principles of the body known as the
Church of Christ Scientist.
( 2 ) It shall be a condition of any exemption granted under
this section that the home in question shall adopt and use the
name of Christian Science house.
( 3) An exemption granted under this section may at any time
be withdrawn by the Secretary of State if it appears to him that
the home in question is no longer being carried on in accord-
ance with the said practice and principles .
c . 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1299
19.-(1 ) Any regulations under this Act shall be made by Regulations.
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 2) The power to make regulations conferred on the Secretary
of State by section 6 above shall, if the Treasury so directs, be
exercisable by the Treasury and the Secretary of State acting
jointly.
( 3) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations under
section 5 above so far as the power in that section relates to
nursing homes, or under section 6 above, may, unless the contrary
intention appears, be exercised-
(a) either in relation to all cases to which the power extends,
or in relation to all those cases subject to specified
exceptions, or in relation to any specified cases or
classes of case ; and
( b) so as to make, as respects the cases in relation to which
it is exercised-
(i) the full provision to which the power extends
or any less provision (whether by way of exception
or otherwise) ;
(ii) the same provision for all cases in relation to
which the power is exercised, or different provision
for different cases or different classes of case, or
different provision as respects the same case or class
of case for different purposes of those sections ;
(iii) any such provision either unconditionally or
subject to any specified condition ;
and includes power to make such incidental or supplemental
provision in the regulations as the persons making them consider
appropriate.
20.-( 1 ) Except where the contrary intention appears, in this Interpretation
Act-
and
construction.
" local social services authority " means a council which
is a local authority for the purpose of the Local 1970 с. 42.
Authority Social Services Act 1970 ;
" maternity home " has the meaning given by section 1( 2)
above ;
" mental disorder " has the meaning given by section 4 of
the Mental Health Act 1959 ( definition and classifica- 1959 с. 72.
tion of mental disorder), and " mentally disordered "
shall be construed accordingly ;
c. 37
1300 Nursing Homes Act 1975
1957 с. 15.
Ancillary provisions
ofMental
Health Act
1959.
1959 с. 72.
Consequential
amendments,
transitional
provisions,
savings and
repeals.
"mental nursing home " has the meaning given by section 2
above ;
" nursing home " has the meaning given by section 1
above ;
" pupil midwife " means a person who is undergoing train-
ing with a view to becoming a certified midwife, and
for that purpose attending women in childbirth , as
part of a course of practical instruction in midwifery
recognised by the Central Midwives Board ;
" qualified nurse " means, subject to subsection ( 2) below,
a person registered in the general part of the register
of nurses required to be kept under the Nurses Act
1957, or a person who had before 1st July 1928 com-
pleted a three years course of training in a hospital
which was during the period of her training, or sub-
sequently became, a training school approved by the
General Nursing Council for England and Wales, or
the General Nursing Council for Scotland, or the
General Nursing Council for Northern Ireland, for the
purpose of admission to the general part of that
register.
( 2) In relation to any premises used or intended to be used
solely for the reception of, and the provision of nursing for.
a class of patients in whose case the requisite nursing can be
suitably and adequately provided by nurses of a class whose
names are contained in some part of the register of nurses
required to be kept under the Nurses Act 1957, other than
the general part of that register, references in the definition
of " qualified nurse " in subsection ( 1) above to the general
part of the register shall be construed as including references
to that other part of the register.
(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except
in so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as
references to that enactment as amended or applied by or
under any other enactment including this Act.
21. So far as section 125 (forgery, false statements, etc.),
section 141 (protection for acts done ) or section 143 (inquiries)
of the Mental Health Act 1959 applied immediately before the
commencement of this Act in relation to any provision re- enacted
by this Act, those sections shall apply in relation to the corre-
sponding provision of this Act.
22.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Act
shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified, being
amendments consequential upon the provisions of this Act.
( 2) The transitional provisions and savings contained in
Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect.
c. 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1301
( 3) Subject to the provisions of Schedule 2, the enactments
specified in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed to the
extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 4 ) Nothing in this Act shall be taken as prejudicing the
operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which 1889 с. 63 .
relates to the operation of repeals) .
23.-(1) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Extent.
Ireland.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order direct that the
provisions of this Act relating to mental nursing homes shall,
subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as
may be specified in the order, extend to the Isles of Scilly, but
except as so applied this Act shall not extend to the said Isles.
( 3) Any order made by the Secretary of State under subsection
( 2) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of
the Secretary of State made in like manner and subject to the
like conditions as the original order.
1975.
24.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Nursing Homes Act Short title
and com-
mencement .
( 2) This Act shall come into operation on a day appointed
by the Secretary of State by order made by statutory instrument.
c.37
1302 Nursing Homes Act 1975
SCHEDULES
Section 22.
1959 с. 72.
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
Amendments of the Mental Health Act 1959
1. In paragraph (b) of section 37(2) of the Mental Health Act 1959
for the words " Part III of this Act" substitute the words " the
Nursing Homes Act 1975 ".
2. In section 47( 3) of the Mental Health Act 1959, for the words
66
registration authority within the meaning of Part III of this Act "
substitute the words " Secretary of State ".
3. In section 59 of the Mental Health Act 1959-
( a ) in subsection (1), in paragraph (c ) of the definition of " the
managers ", for the words " Part III of this Act," substitute
the words " the Nursing Homes Act 1975, " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2 ), for the words " subsection (1) of section
fifteen of this Act " substitute the words " paragraph ( b) of
subsection ( 4) of section three of the Nursing Homes Act
1975, ".
4. In section 147(1) of the Mental Health Act 1959 for the words
" Part III of this Act " in the definition of " mental nursing home "
substitute the words " the Nursing Homes Act 1975 ; ".
Amendments of other enactments
1933 с. 12
5. In section 92 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 after
"
( 23 & 24 Geo. 5). the words " mental nursing home " insert the words within the
meaning of the Nursing Homes Act 1975 ".
1948 с. 29 6. In paragraph (d ) of the proviso to section 37(9) of the National
( 11 & 12Geo. 6 ). Assistance Act 1948 for the words from " as defined " to the end
of that paragraph substitute the words “
or mental nursing home
within the meaning of the Nursing Homes Act 1975 , " .
1963 с. 33 .
7. In section 40( 4) of the London Government Act 1963 after
paragraph (h) add " (i ) the Nursing Homes Act 1975 : ".
1970 с. 42.
8. In Schedule 1 to the Local Authority Social Services Act 1970
in the entry relating to the Mental Health Act 1959 for the word
" except " substitute the words " and the Nursing Homes Act 1975
so far as its provisions relate to mental nursing homes.".
Section 22.
SCHEDULE 2
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
1. A person who immediately before the commencement of this
Act was registered or deemed to be registered in respect of a nursing
home or a mental nursing home under the corresponding enactments
repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been registered in
c. 37
Nursing Homes Act 1975 1303
respect of that home under this Act, subject to the requirements and
conditions subsisting in respect of that registration immediately before
the commencement.
2.(1) In the case of a nursing home which was in existence on
1st July 1928 the registration of a person in respect of that home
shall not be cancelled on the ground that the provisions of paragraph
( d ) or (e ) of section 4 above are not complied with unless, in the case
of a nursing home not being a maternity home, the nursing of the
patients in the home is not under the superintendence of a qualified
nurse who is resident in the home.
( 2 ) For the purpose of sub-paragraph ( 1) above, a nursing home
shall not be deemed to be a home which was in existence on 1st
July 1928 if, in the case of a home which was carried on at that date
by an individual, it has ceased since that date or ceases to be carried
on by that individual solely, or, in the case of a home which was
carried on at that date by a body corporate, it has ceased since that
date or ceases to be under the charge of the individual under
whose charge it was at that date.
3.- (1 ) Without prejudice to paragraph 1 above, in so far as any-
thing done or having effect as if done under or in pursuance of any
of the enactments repealed by this Act ( in this Schedule referred to
as " the repealed enactments ") could have been done under or in
pursuance of a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be
invalidated by the repeal but shall have effect as if done under or in
pursuance of that provision ; and anything begun under any of the
repealed enactments may be continued under the corresponding
provision of this Act as if begun under that provision.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1 ) above applies in particular to any order,
regulation, application, determination, decision or agreement made,
exemption granted or renewed, or requirement or condition imposed .
4. Without prejudice to any express amendment made by this
Act, where any enactment or document refers, either expressly or by
implication, to any of the repealed enactments, the reference shall,
except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as, or as
including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.
5. Where an offence, for the continuance of which a penalty was
provided, has been committed under any of the repealed enactments ,
proceedings may be taken under this Act in respect of the continu-
ance of the offence after the commencement of this Act, in the same
manner as if the offence had been committed under the corresponding
provision of this Act.
SCH. 2
c.37
1304 Nursing Homes Act 1975
Section 22. SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
26 Geo. 5 &
The Public Health Act Sections 187, 188, 193 and 199.
1 Edw. 8. c.
1936.
49 .
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health Act Sections 14 to 18; section
c. 72. 1959. 23( 2); and the entry relating
to the Public Health Act 1936
in Part I of Schedule 7.
1963 с. 13. The whole Act.
1963 с. 33. 1966 с. 42.
1967 с. 80.
1973 с. 32.
The Nursing Homes Act
1963.
The London Government
Act 1963. Section 40(4)(f) so far as it
relates to sections 14 to 18
and 23( 2) of the Mental
Health Act 1959.
The Local Government In Schedule 3, Part II, the
Act 1966. entry relating to section 187( 2)
of the Public Health Act 1936
and section 14 of the Mental
Health Act 1959.
The Criminal Justice Act In Schedule 3, Part I, the
1967.
entries relating to sections
15( 3) and 16 ( 2) ofthe Mental
Health Act 1959 and to the
Nursing Homes Act 1963.
The National Health Ser-
vice Reorganisation Act
1973.
Section 41; in section 56 ( 4 ) the
words" or the Nursing Homes
Act 1963"; and paragraphs 5,
84 and 85 of Schedule 4.
c. 38 1305

Export Guarantees Act
1975
1975 CHAPTER 38
An Act to consolidate the Export Guarantees Acts 1968
to 1975.
[3rd July 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) For the purpose of encouraging trade with other Export
countries , the Secretary of State may, after consultation with the guarantees.
Export Guarantees Advisory Council and with the consent of
the Treasury, make arrangements for giving such guarantees to,
or for the benefit of, persons carrying on business in the United
Kingdom as are mentioned in subsection (2) below.
( 2) The guarantees for which arrangements may be made
under subsection ( 1) above are guarantees in connection with
the export, manufacture, treatment or distribution of goods, the
rendering of services, or any other matter which appears to the
Secretary of State conducive to the purpose of encouraging trade
with other countries.
(3) A guarantee given under this section may be given on
such terms and conditions as to the consideration for the giving
of the guarantee and otherwise as may be determined in accord-
ance with the arrangements made for giving that guarantee.
Part II L
c. 38
1306 Export Guarantees Act 1975
Guarantees
and other
arrangements
in national
interest.
Loans and
interest
grants.
2.- (1) For the purpose of encouraging trade with other
countries or for the purpose of rendering economic assistance
to countries outside the United Kingdom, the Secretary of State
may, with the consent of the Treasury, make arrangements for
giving such guarantees to, or for the benefit of, persons carrying
on business in the United Kingdom as appear to him to be
expedient in the national interest ; and subsection (3) of section 1
above shall have effect in relation to a guarantee given under
this subsection as it has effect in relation to a guarantee given
under that section.
( 2) For either of the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above, the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, make arrangements for facilitating, in cases in which
it appears to him expedient in the national interest so to do, the
payment of sums payable under contracts with persons carrying
on business in the United Kingdom .
3.- ( 1) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, make-
( a) loans to any persons in connection with their provision
of financial facilities in respect of export contracts ;
(b) grants to any persons for the purpose of supplementing
any interest receivable or received by them as con-
sideration for their provision of such facilities as
aforesaid ;
but no loans shall be made under this subsection to persons who
are neither resident nor carrying on business in the United
Kingdom.
( 2) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, make grants to any persons carrying on business or
other activities outside the United Kingdom in respect of interest
paid or payable by them under export contracts.
( 3) Any loan or grant under this section shall be made on
such terms and conditions as the Secretary of State may
determine.
( 4 ) This section is without prejudice to the powers conferred
by section 2( 2) above.
Securities.
4 .- (1) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, acquire any securities which he has guaranteed in the
exercise of his powers under this Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above is without prejudice to the acquisition
of any security by the Secretary of State as part of any arrange-
ments made under section 2(2) above or in pursuance of the
terms and conditions of any loan made under section 3 (1 ) above.
c. 38
ExportGuarantees Act 1975 1307
(3) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the
Treasury-
( a ) hold any security acquired by him in pursuance of sub-
section ( 1 ) above or as mentioned in in subsection ( 2)
above for such period as he thinks fit and collect any
sums falling due, whether by way of principal or
interest, in respect thereof ;
( b ) dispose of any such security at such time and in such
manner as he thinks fit.
( 4 ) In this section " securities " includes bonds, stock, shares,
bills and promissory notes.
5.- ( 1 ) For the purpose of encouraging trade with other Payments to
countries, the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the exporters in
respect of
Treasury, make arrangements for making payments to persons cost increases.
carrying on business in the United Kingdom who have entered
into export contracts, being payments related to such increases
in the cost of labour, materials or other matters as may be
specified by or under the arrangements.
( 2 ) Arrangements under this section may contain such terms
and conditions as the Secretary of State thinks fit , including
provisions requiring payments to be made to the Secretary of
State as consideration for his entering into the arrangements .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, no arrangements shall
be made under this section after 26th March 1977 .
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may by order extend the period
during which arrangements may be made under this section by
not more than one year at a time.
(5) Any order under subsection ( 4 ) above shall be contained
in a statutory instrument, and no such order shall be made
unless a draft of it has been laid before and approved by
resolution of the House of Commons.
6.-(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the aggregate of-
Limit on
commitments.
(a) the liabilities at any time of the Secretary of State in
respect of guarantees given under this Act ;
( b) the amount of the principal moneys for the time being
due to the Secretary of State under any arrangements
made under section 2(2) above or outstanding in respect
of loans made under section 3(1 ) above ;
( c) the sums paid for securities acquired under section 4( 1 )
above and for the time being held by the Secretary of
State ; and
L2
c . 38
1308 Export Guarantees Act 1975
Returns.
Controlled
companies.
( d ) the liabilities at any time of the Secretary of State in
respect of arrangements made under section 5 above,
shall not exceed £12,200 million.
( 2) The Secretary of State may, on not more than three
occasions, by order made with the consent of the Treasury
increase or further increase the limit applicable under subsection
(1) above by a sum specified in the order, being a sum not
exceeding £3,000 million .
( 3) Any order under subsection ( 2) above shall be contained in
a statutory instrument, and no such order shall be made unless
a draft of it has been laid before and approved by resolution
of the House of Commons.
7. The Secretary of State shall publish quarterly-
( a) a return showing the aggregate amount of the guarantees
given under section 1 above since the date of the last
previous return under this paragraph ;
( b ) a return showing the aggregate amount of the guarantees
given under section 2(1) above since the date of the
last previous return under this paragraph ;
( c) a return showing the aggregate amount of the principal
moneys for the time being due to the Secretary of State
under any arrangements made under section 2(2) above ;
( d ) a return showing the aggregate amount of the principal
moneys for the time being outstanding in respect of
loans made under section 3( 1) above.
8. Where a company is directly or indirectly controlled by
any person ( whether a company or not ), then-
( a) for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating
to guarantees-
(i ) any contract entered into by the Secretary of
State with that person shall, in so far as it provides
for the Secretary of State to make payments to that
person in respect of any loss of that company or in
respect of any deficit on an account relating both to
activities of that company and to activities of that
person, be deemed a contract to indemnify that
person against loss and a guarantee within the mean-
ing of this Act ;
(ii) any guarantee given by the Secretary of State
to or for the benefit of that company shall be
deemed to be given for the benefit also of that
person ; and
c.38
Export Guarantees Act 1975 1309
( b) for the purposes of section 2(2) above, any arrangements
made by the Secretary of State for facilitating the
payment of sums payable under a contract with that
company shall be deemed to be arrangements for
facilitating the payment of sums payable under a
contract with that person.
9.-(1 ) All the powers and duties of the Secretary of State The Export
under this Act, except the power to make orders under sections Credits Guarantee
5( 4 ) and 6( 2), shall be exercised and performed through the Department
Export Credits Guarantee Department, which shall continue to and the
be a Department of the Secretary of State. Export
Guarantees
( 2) The Export Guarantees Advisory Council (that is to say, Advisory
the Council constituted for the purposes of the Export Guaran- Council.
tees Act 1939 and continued for the purposes of the enactments 1939 c. 5.
repealed by this Act ) shall be further continued by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of this Act.
10.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below-
Expenses
and receipts .
( a) all expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under
this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by
Parliament ;
( b) all sums received by the Secretary of State by virtue of
this Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 2 ) If any amount required for fulfilling any guarantee given
under this Act is not paid out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment it shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated
Fund.
11.- (1) In this Act-
" business " includes a profession ;
" export contracts " means contracts in respect of which
guarantees have been or can be given under section
1 or 2(1 ) above ;
" guarantee " includes any contract to indemnify, whether
wholly or in part, against loss of any description and
shall be construed in accordance with section 8(a) (i)
above ;
" trade with other countries " includes any transaction in-
volving a consideration in money or money's worth
accruing from a person carrying on business or other
activities outside the United Kingdom to a person
carrying on business in the United Kingdom.
Interpretation.
L3
1310 Export Guarantees Act 1975
c.38
Short title,
repeals and
commence-
ment.
1968 с. 26.
1970 с. 15.
1975 с. 19.
( 2 ) Except in section 3(1) , any reference in this Act to the
United Kingdom includes a reference to the Isle of Man and
the Channel Islands.
( 3) In section 3 above references to the provision of financial
facilities include references to the provision of such facilities
before the date of the passing of this Act ; and grants may be
made under that section in respect of interest for periods before
thatdate.
( 4) Arrangements may be made under section 5 above in
relation to contracts entered into on or after 20th February 1975
and increases that have occurred before the passing of this Act.
(5) Except where the context otherwise requires, any reference
in this Act to any provision of this Act shall be construed as
including a reference to any corresponding enactment previously
in force ; and references to anything done by the Secretary of
State shall accordingly be construed as including references to
anything done under a corresponding enactment by the Board
of Trade.
12.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Export Guarantees Act
1975.
( 2 ) The Export Guarantees Act 1968, the Export Guarantees
and Payments Act 1970 and the Export Guarantees Amendment
Act 1975 are hereby repealed.
( 3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the
period of one month beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
c . 39 1311

Hearing Aid Council
(Extension) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 39
An Act to extend the Hearing Aid Council Act 1968 to
Northern Ireland . [3rd July 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) The Hearing Aid Council Act 1968 shall, subject to Extension
subsection (2) below, extend to Northern Ireland. ofHearing
Aid Council
Act 1968 to
( 2 ) In its application to Northern Ireland, the said Act shall Northern
have effect subject to the following modifications :-
Ireland.
1968 с. 50.
( a ) for any reference to the commencement of that Act there
shall be substituted a reference to the commencement of
this Act;
( b) for the reference in section 9(1) to the High Court there
shall be substituted a reference to a judge of the Supreme
Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland ;
(c ) in section 10 (1) after the word " Wales " there shall be
inserted the words " or Northern Ireland " ; and
(d ) in section 10( 2) for the references to section 49 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation ) Act 1925 1925 с. 49.
and the High Court there shall be substituted references
to the Attendance of Witnesses Act 1854 and the Supreme 1854 с. 34.
Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland, respectively.
L4
1312 Short title,
commence-
ment, repeal,
etc.
1968 с. 50.
c. 39
Hearing Aid Council (Extension) Act 1975
( 3) Any rules-
( a ) which have been made, or approved , under the said Act
by the Lord Chancellor; and
( b ) which are in force immediately before the commencement
of this Act,
shall, unless they otherwise expressly provide, extend to Northern
Ireland.
2.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Hearing Aid Council
( Extension) Act 1975.
( 2 ) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
( 3 ) In section 15( 2) of the Hearing Aid Council Act 1968 (Act
not to extend to Northern Ireland ) the word " not " is hereby
repealed.
( 4 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
c.40 1313



Diseases of Animals Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 40
An Act to make further provision for preventing the
introduction or spreading, through imports into Great
Britain, of diseases of animals and poultry, and for
purposes connected therewith. [3rd July 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. ( 1) For section 24 of the Diseases of Animals Act 1950 Extended
( in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") there shall be power to
substituted the following section : -
prevent introduction
" Orders
24 .-( 1) The Minister and the Secretary of State and spread of
prohibiting or regulating importof animals etc.
acting jointly may by order make such provision as diseases of
they think fit for the purpose of preventing the intro- animals and
duction or spreading ofdisease into or within Greatpoultry.
Britain through the importation of-
1950 с. 36.(a) animals and carcases,
( b) poultry, carcases of poultry and eggs, and
( c ) other things, whether animate or inanimate,
by or by means of which it appears to
them that any disease might be carried or
transmitted.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the
powers conferred by this section and by section 1
of this Act, for the purpose specified in subsection ( 1)
of this section an order under this section-
( a ) may prohibit or regulate the importation
of any of the things specified in paragraphs
(a) to (c) of subsection ( 1) above ;
c . 40
1314 Diseases ofAnimals Act 1975
1952 с. 44.
( b) may make provision not only with respect
to imports (including vessels, boats, hover-
craft, aircraft and vehicles of other
descriptions) but also with respect to
persons, animals, poultry and other things
which have been or may have been in con-
tact with imports ;
( c ) may make different provision in relation to
different cases ; and
( d ) may make provision with respect to any
of the matters specified in Schedule 1 to
thisAct.
( 3) An order under this section may provide that,
in such circumstances as may be specified in the
order, animals or poultry which-
( a ) are brought into Great Britain in such
circumstances that they are not imported,
within the meaning of this Act, and
( b) whilst outside Great Britain have been or
may have been in contact with any of the
things specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of
subsection ( 1) above,
shall be deemed for the purposes of this section and
Schedule 1 to this Act to be imported at the time
when they are brought into Great Britain .
( 4 ) In this section and in Schedule 1 to this Act the
expression " animal " includes
( a) any kind of mammal, except man,
( b) any kind of four -footed beast which is not
a mammal, and
(c) fish, reptiles, crustaceans and other cold-
blooded creatures not falling within para-
graph (a ) or paragraph (b) above,
and the expression " disease " is not restricted by the
definition in this Act.
(5 ) Every order made under this section shall be
laid before both Houses of Parliament after being
made and, without prejudice to the construction of
references to the Minister in any provision of this
Act not contained in this section, an order under
this section shall be treated for the purposes of any
such provision as an order of the Minister.
( 6 ) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 79( 2) of the
Customs and Excise Act 1952 (time of importation
of goods brought by sea and air) shall have effect for
c . 40
Diseases ofAnimals Act 1975 1315
the purposes of this section and Schedule 1 to this
Act as they have effect for the purposes of that Act. "
( 2 ) For Schedule 1 to the principal Act there shall be sub-
stituted the provisions set out in Schedule 1 to this Act.
2.-( 1) In section 73 of the principal Act ( general powers of Powers of
inspectors) after subsection ( 4 ) there shall be inserted the follow- entry.
ing subsections : -
66 ( 4A ) For the purpose of ascertaining whether the pro-
visions of any order under section 24 of this Act or the con-
ditions of any licence issued in accordance with any such
order are being complied with, an inspector may at any time
enter-
( a ) any vessel, boat, hovercraft, aircraft or vehicle of
any other description which is for the time being
within the limits of a port, within the meaning of
the Customs and Excise Act 1952, or at a customs 1952 c. 44.
airport, within the meaning of that Act; or
(b) any vessel, boat, hovercraft or aircraft which does
not fall within paragraph (a) above but which he
has reasonable grounds for supposing has recently
been brought into Great Britain .
( 4B ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 4A) above, an
inspector may at any time enter-
( a) any land, building or other place, or
( b) any vessel, boat, hovercraft, aircraft or vehicle of
any other description,
on or in which he has reasonable grounds for supposing that
there is being or has been kept any animal, poultry or other
thing which has been imported and the importation of which
is for the time being prohibited or regulated by an order
under section 24 of this Act ; and in this subsection ' animal '
and ' imported ' have the same meaning as in that section."
( 2) In section 78(1)(vi) of the principal Act (offence of refusing
admission, etc. to an inspector entitled to exercise powers of
entry ) for the words " vessel, pen, vehicle, or boat " there shall
be substituted the words " pen, vessel, boat, hovercraft, aircraft
or vehicle of any other description ".
3. Without prejudice to section 80 of the principal Act Prosecution
( summary proceedings) if an order made under section 24 of the on indictment
principal Act, as that section has effect by virtue of section 1 of ofcertain
this Act, declares that this section applies to an offence which offences
consists of- connected
with
(a) a contravention of, or failure to comply with, any pro . importation.
vision of that order, or
c. 40
1316 Diseases ofAnimals Act 1975
( b ) a failure to observe any conditions to which a licence
issued in accordance with that order is subject,
an offence to which this section is so declared to apply may
be prosecuted on indictment ; and a person convicted on indict-
ment of such an offence shall be liable to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 12 months or to a fine or to both.
Transitional
provisions
and repeals.
4.- (1) Neither the provisions of section 1 above nor the
repeal by this Act of any provision of the principal Act shall
affect the continued operation of any order made, or having
effect as if made, under any provision of sections 24 to 33 of
that Act before the day appointed for the coming into operation
of section 1 of this Act; but every such order may be revoked
or varied on or after the day so appointed as if it had been made
under section 24 of that Act, as that section has effect by virtue
of section 1 above.
( 2 ) In the case of an order made, or having effect as if made,
partly under any provision of sections 24 to 33 of the principal
Act and partly under any other enactment ( whether or not
contained in that Act ), subsection ( 1) above shall have effect to
the extent that the order is made or has effect as if made under
any of those sections.
(3) The enactments specified in Schedule 2 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
Short title,
5.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Diseases of Animals Act
commencement 1975.
and extent.
( 2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Minister and the Secretary of State may by order made by
statutory instrument jointly appoint, and different days may be
so appointed for different provisions and for different purposes.
( 3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
Diseases ofAnimals Act 1975 1317
c . 40
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED FOR SCHEDULE 1
TO PRINCIPAL ACT
Section 1 .
" SCHEDULE 1
SPECIFIC MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO WHICH PROVISION
MAY BB MADE IN ORDERS UNDER SECTION 24
1. The conditions to be observed before, during and after importa-
tion .
2. Exemptions from provisions of the order by means of licences,
whether general or specific and whether conditional or un-
conditional, issued in accordance with the order.
3. The prohibition of the importation of animals, poultry or other
things save at such ports, airports and other places of entry
as may be designated.
4. Landing and quarantine of animals, poultry and other things.
5. Seizure, detention and treatment of animals, poultry and other
things.
6. Slaughter of animals and poultry and destruction of other things.
7. Cleansing and disinfection.
8. Marking, testing and use of animals, poultry and other things.
9. Movement of persons and of animals, poultry and other things.
10. Recovery of costs.
11. Inspection.
12. Entitlement to compensation and the determination, subject
to the approval of the Treasury, of the amount of com-
pensation payable in any case."
1318 Diseases ofAnimals Act 1975
c . 40
Section4. SCHEDULE 2
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
39 & 40 Vict.
c . 36 .
The Customs Consoli-
dation Act 1876.
In section 42, the entry in the
Table beginning " Infected
cattle ".
14 Geo. 6. The Diseases of Animals Section 19( 6 ).
c . 36. Act 1950 .
Sections 25 to 32.
Section 33(1) .
Section 35.
Section49.
In section 85( 7) the words
" section twenty-seven ".
Schedule 2.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Agriculture (Miscel-
c. 39. laneous Provisions) Act
1954.
In section 11( 3 ) the words " and
in the second Schedule to
this Act ".
In Schedule 2, paragraph 2.
1970 с. 40. TheAgriculture Act 1970. Section 105(1).
1972 с. 62. The Agriculture ( Miscel- Section 8(6 ).
laneous Provisions) Act
1972.
1972 с. 68.
TheEuropean Communi- In Schedule 4, in paragraph 7,
ties Act 1972. sub-paragraphs ( 2 ), (4 ) and
( 5 ).
c . 41 1319



Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 41
An Act to raise the limit on the interest in the shares of
a society registered under the Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1965 which any one member may hold
and to authorise the further alteration of that limit from
time to time. [3rd July 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1) In section 6( 1) of the Industrial and Provident Societies Raising of
Act 1965 ( hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1965 ") limit on
for the words 66
one thousand pounds " (denoting the limit on share of any
the interest any one member may hold in the shares of a society one member .
registered under that Act) there shall be substituted the words 1965 c. 12.
" five thousand pounds " .
( 2) Where immediately before the coming into force of this
Act the registered rules of a society registered under the Act of
1965 permitted members other than members exempt from the
limit under the said section 6(1) to hold the maximum of £1,000
then laid down thereby, the committee may, by a resolution
recorded in writing, resolve that members may be permitted to
hold such greater amount not exceeding £5,000 as may be specified
in the resolution, and the registered rules shall have effect
accordingly.
( 3) The power conferred on the committees of registered
societies by subsection ( 2) above shall not be exercisable after
the expiration of the period of eighteen months beginning with
1320 Further
alterations
oflimit.
1946 с. 36.
Construction,
citation,
amendment,
commence-
ment and
extent.
c . 41
Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1975
the date on which this Act comes into force or after the coming
into force of an order under section 2 below ; and if any
amendment of the rules of a society is made after the coming
into force of this Act and before the expiration of the time
allowed by this subsection for exercising that power the power
shall cease to be exercisable by the committee of that society
on the date on which the amendment is registered under section
10 of the Act of 1965 .
( 4 ) The committee of a registered society shall not have power
to vary or revoke a resolution under subsection ( 2) above except
in so far as they may be authorised to do so by an order under
section 2 below.
( 5 ) Where the committee of a registered society have exercised
the power to pass a resolution under subsection ( 2) above and
an amendment of the society's rules is subsequently registered
under section 10 of the Act of 1965 the registered rules of the
society shall thereupon have effect as if the resolution had not
been passed, so, however, that this subsection shall not affect
any interest in the shares of the society held by a member
immediately before the date on which the amendment is registered.
2. (1 ) The chief registrar may from time to time, with the
consent of the Treasury, by order substitute for the sum for the
time being specified in section 6(1) of the Act of 1965 as the
limit applicable thereunder such other sum, not being less than
£ 5,000, as may be specified in the order.
( 2) An order under this section may make any such provision
in connection with altering the limit for the time being applicable
under the said section 6(1) as is made by section 1 above, and
may contain such other transitional, consequential, incidental or
supplementary provisions as appear to the chief registrar to be
necessary or appropriate in that connection.
( 3) An order made under this section may vary or revoke any
previous order so made.
( 4 ) The power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament; and the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply
thereto as if the chief registrar were a Minister of the Crown.
3.- (1) The Act of 1965 and this Act shall be construed as one.
( 2 ) This Act may be cited as the Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1975, and this Act and the Industrial and Provident
Societies Acts 1965 to 1968 may be cited together as the Industrial
and Provident Societies Acts 1965 to 1975 .
Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1975 c.41
1321
( 3 ) In subsection (1) of section 53 of the Act of 1965 (which
provides for the conversion of a company into a registered society ),
for the words " one thousand pounds " there shall be substituted
the words " the maximum for the time being permitted by section
6( 1) of this Act in the case of a member of a registered society ".
( 4) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of the
period of one month beginning with the date on which it is
passed .
( 5 ) This Act extends to the Channel Islands but does not
extend to Northern Ireland.
1322 c . 42



New Towns Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 42
Increase of
limits on
borrowing
imposed by
ss. 42(5) and
43 of New
Towns Act
1965.
1965 с. 59.
1946 с. 68.
AnAct to raise the limits imposed by the New Towns Act
1965 on the amounts which may be borrowed by the
development corporations for new towns and the
Commission for the New Towns and make provision
for the payment of pensions to chairmen of develop-
ment corporations and of remuneration and allowances
to members of committees conducting business for the
Commission. [3rd July 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) In subsection ( 5 ) of section 42 of the New Towns Act
1965 (which enables the Secretary of State to advance to the
Commission for the New Towns to meet a deficit on revenue
account sums not exceeding in aggregate £ 1,000,000) for " aggre-
gate amount of the advances made " there is substituted “ sum of
the amounts outstanding at any one time in respect of the
principal of the sums advanced ".
( 2) The following section is substituted for section 43 of the
said Act of 1965-
" Limit on
borrowingby 43. The sum of the amounts outstanding at any
development one time in respect of the principal of the following
corpora- sums, that is to say -
tions and
Commis-
( a ) the sums advanced to development corpora-
sion.
tions before the commencement of this Act
under section 12(1) of the New Towns Act
1946 in its application to England and Wales
New Towns Act 1975 1323
c.42
( to which section 42 (1) of this Act corres-
ponds) and, after the commencement of this
Act, under the said section 42(1 );
( b) the sums advanced to development corpora-
tions before the commencement of the New 1968 c. 16.
Towns ( Scotland ) Act 1968 under the said
section 12(1) in its application to Scotland
( to which section 37(1) of the said Act of
1968 corresponds) and, after the commence-
ment of the said Act of 1968, under the said
section 37(1 ) ;
( c ) the sums advanced to the Commission before
the commencement of this Act under section
3(1) of the New Towns Act 1959 ( to which 1959 c. 62.
section 42( 4) of this Act corresponds ) and,
after the commencement of this Act, under
the said section 42( 4); and
( d ) the sums borrowed ( whether by development
corporations or by the Commission ) under
section 42A of this Act or under section 37A
of the said Act of 1968 ;
shall not exceed £1,750 million or such greater sum
not exceeding £2,250 million as the Secretary of State
may by order specify.",
( 3 ) In section 53 of the said Act of 1965 (regulations and
orders) in subsection ( 4 ) for " and 41 " there is substituted
" 41 and 43 ", and in subsection ( 6 ) ( which provides that
certain orders shall not be of effect until approved by the
House of Commons) after " section 39( 5) " there is inserted
or 43."66
2.- (1 ) In Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1965 ( which among Pensions for
other things provides for the payment ofremuneration andexpenses chairmen of
to the chairmen of development corporations) after paragraph 7 corporations,
etc.there is inserted the following paragraph-
" Pension benefitsfor chairmen
7A . In the case of any such person, who is or has been
the chairman of the corporation , as the Secretary of State
may with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine, the Secretary of State may direct the corporation-
( a ) to pay to or in respect of that person on his retirement
or death such pension, allowance or gratuity as may
be so determined , or
( b ) to make payments towards the provision of such a
pension, allowance or gratuity. "
c .42
1324 New Towns Act 1975
1968 с. 16.
Short title,
repeals and
extent.
1974 с. 8.
1971 с. 81 .
1965 с. 59.
( 2 ) In Schedule 9 to the said Act of 1965 ( which among other
things enables the Commission for the New Towns to set up
committees to conduct the Commission's business in any new
town) after paragraph 3 there is inserted the following paragraph-
" Remuneration and expenses ofmembers of committees
3A. In the case of any such person as the Secretary of
State may with the consent of the Minister for the Civil
Service determine, the Secretary of State may, in respect of
that person's service as member of any committee set up
under paragraph 3( 2 ) of this Schedule, pay out of money
provided by Parliament such remuneration, and such allow-
ances in respect of expenses properly incurred by that person
in that capacity, as may be so determined.".
( 3) In Schedule 2 to the New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968
( which among other things provides for the payment of remun-
eration and expenses to the chairmen of development corpora-
tions ) after paragraph 7 there is inserted the following paragraph-
" Pension benefits for chairmen
7A. In the case of any such person, who is or has been
the chairman of the corporation, as the Secretary of State
may with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine, the Secretary of State may direct the corporation-
( a ) to pay to or in respect ofthat person on his retirement
or death such pension, allowance or gratuity as
may be so determined, or
( b ) to make payments towards the provision of such a
pension, allowance or gratuity."
3.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the New Towns Act 1975.
( 2 ) The following enactments are hereby repealed-
( a ) in the Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions)
Act 1974, paragraph 3 of Schedule 3;
( b ) the New Towns Act 1971 ;
( c ) in Schedule 10 to the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968,
the paragraph relating to the New Towns Act 1965.
( 3 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland ,
c. 43 1325

DIEUFT


British Leyland
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 43
An Act to authorise the Secretary of State to acquire shares
in British Leyland Motor Corporation Limited and in a
company formed for the purpose of acquiring shares
in British Leyland Motor Corporation Limited.
[ 3rd July 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Acquisition of shares.
Treasury, acquire shares-
( a) in British Leyland Motor Corporation Limited; and
( b ) in any company formed for the purpose of acquiring
shares in British Leyland Motor Corporation Limited.
( 2 ) The aggregate of-
( a) the sums paid by the Secretary of State for shares acquired
under this Act; and
(b) the liabilities of the Secretary of State under agreements
to acquire shares under this Act ;
shall not exceed £265 million.
( 3) Any expenditure incurred by the Secretary of State in
pursuance of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided
by Parliament.
2. This Act may be cited as the British Leyland Act 1975. Short title.
c .44 1327
2




Appropriation Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 44
An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund
to the service of the year ending on 31st March 1976,
to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of
Parliament, and to repeal certain Consolidated Fund
and Appropriation Acts . [1st August 1975]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
assembled, towards making good the supply which we
have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of
Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum
hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech
Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the
Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the
same, as follows : -
GRANT OUT OF CONSOLIDATED FUND
1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Issue out of the
the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply Consolidated
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on
Fund for the
year ending
31st March 1976 the sum of £ 19,647,600,900.
31st March
1976.
c . 44
1328 Appropriation Act 1975
Appropriation
of sums voted
for supply
services .
1891 с. 24.
Repeals.
Short title.
APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS
2. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned
in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated
Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty
amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate ,
to the sum of £34,835,761,685.50 are appropriated, and shall
be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the
passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule ( A), for the
services and purposes expressed in Schedule ( B) annexed hereto.
The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with
the notes (if any ) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part
of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in
the body thereof.
In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated
Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under
section 2 of the Public Accounts and Charges Act 1891 , to be
applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services
and purposes specified in Schedule ( B) annexed hereto the sums
respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.
3. The enactments mentioned in Schedule (C) annexed to this
Act are hereby repealed.
4. This Act may be cited as the Appropriation Act 1975.
c. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1329
ABSTRACT
OF
SCHEDULES ( A ) and (B) to which this
Act refers
SCHEDULE (A)
Section 2.
Grants out of the Consolidated Fund... £34,835,761,685.50
SCHEDULE (B) -APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS
Supply
Grants
Section 2.
Appropriations
in Aid
£ £
1973-74 and 1974-75
Part 1. Civil (Excesses),
1973-74 14,634,328-43 380,032-42
Part 2. Defence (Excesses),
1973-74 3,348,357-07 1,343,435-51
Part 3. Defence
( Supplementary), 1974-75 598,004,000.00 26,664,000.00
Part 4. Civil Departments
( Supplementary), 1974-75 3,732,468,000.00 140,655,847-00
4,348,454,685.50 169,043,314-93
c . 44
1330 Appropriation Act 1975
SCHEDULE ( B).-APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropriations in Aid
£ £
1975-76
Part 5. Defence, Class I 4,755,825,000.00 518,150,000.00
Part 6. Civil, Class II - 701,611,000.00 17,355,970-00
Part 7. Civil, Class III 1,023,071,000.00 355,311,200-00
Part 8. Civil, Class IV 3,306,521,000.00 305,421,500.00
Part 9. Civil, Class VI 1,251,363,000.00 25,916,000.00
Part 10. Civil, Class VII 1,555,683,000.00 514,510.00
Part 11 . Civil, Class VIII 311,980,000.00 26,720,520-00
Part 12. Civil, Class IX 789,776,000.00 48,867,550.00
Part 13. Civil, Class X 1,183,422,000.00 2,093,700.00
Part 14. Civil, Class XI 4,387,620,000.00 460,636,830.00
Part 15. Civil, Class XII 3,224,874,000.00 332,927,000.00
Part 16. Civil, Class XIII 856,646,000.00 90,462,160-00
Part 17. Civil, Class XIV 795,472,000.00 195,709,010-00
Part 18. Civil, Class XV 368,703,000.00 4,797,630-00
Part 19. Civil, Class XVII 5,974,740,000.00 355,939,000.00
TOTAL, DEFENCE AND CIVIL £ 30,487,307,000.00 2,740,822,580.00
GRAND TOTAL- £ 34,835,761,685.50 2,909,865,894-93
с. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1331
SCHEDULE (A)
GRANTS OUT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FUND
£
For the service of the year ended 31st March
1974-
Under Act 1975 c. 12
... ... 17,982,685.50
For the service of the year ended 31st March
1975-
Under Act 1974 c. 57... ... ...
Under Act 1975 c. 1
Under Act 1975 c. 12.. ...
1,499,985,000.00
1,999,910,000.00
830,577,000-00
For the service of the year ending on 31st March
1976-
Under Act 1975 c. 1... ... ...
Under this Act... ... ... ...
10,839,706,100.00
19,647,600,900.00
TOTAL ... ... ... ... ... 34,835,761,685.50
c . 44
1332 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil
( Excesses),
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 1
CIVIL ( EXCESSES), 1973-74
SUMS granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid
in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants for
Civil Services for the year ended 31st March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropriations in Aid
Vote
£ £
CLASS II
5. OVERSEAS AID (INTERNATIONAL)
10.00 499,990.00
CLASS III
1. HOME OFFICE
10.00 490.00
CLASS VI
5. PROPERTY SERVICES AGENCY 61,314-32 1,145,567-83
9. DEFENCE ACCOMMODATION SER-
VICES, &C.- 11,293,910-98 *-80,014.66
CLASS VII
2. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE, &C.
( HOSPITAL SERVICES, &c.),
ENGLAND 3,148,611-17 * -1,579,306.96
5. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE, &C. ,
SCOTLAND 10.00 490.00
6. NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE, &C. ,
WALES 76,801.17 *-26,510.90
CLASSX
4. ROYAL MINT- 10.00 12,824-24
17. RATES ON GOVERNMENT PRO-
PERTY- 10.00 225,801.30
24. CIVIL SERVICE CATERING 53,640-79 180,701-57
TOTAL, CIVIL (EXCESSES), 1973-
74- - £ 14,634,328-43 380,032-42
* Deficit
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1333
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 2
DEFENCE ( EXCESSES ), 1973-74
SUMS granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid
in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants for
Defence Services for the year ended 31st March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropriations in Aid
Vote £
£
CLASS XII
1. PAY, ALLOWANCES, &C. , OF THE
ROYAL NAVY AND ROYAL
MARINES- 540,209-47 78,828-21
4. ARMED FORCES RETIRED PAY,
PENSIONS, &c.- 1,295,486-20 119,023-37
7. PROCUREMENT EXECUTIVE ( COM-
MON SERVICES )- 1,512,661-40 1,145,583-93
TOTAL, DEFENCE (EXCESSES),
1973-74- - - £ 3,348,357-07 1,343,435-51
Defence
( Excesses),
1973-74.
1334 Appropriation Act 1975
c . 44
Defence,
( Supple-
mentary) 1974-75.
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 3
DEFENCE ( SUPPLEMENTARY), 1974–75
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTARY SUMS granted , and of the sums which
may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to
defray the charges for the Defence Services herein particularly
mentioned for the year ended 31st March, 1975, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS I
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances, &c. , of
the Royal Navy, the Royal Marines ,
the Royal Naval Reserve, the Royal
Fleet Reserve and Cadet Forces, &c. 41,722,000 *-157,000
2. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances, &c. , of
the Army, the Regular Reserve, the
Territorial and Army Volunteer Re-
serve, the Ulster Defence Regiment
and Cadet Forces- - 97,550,000 1,200,000
3. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances, &c. , of
the Royal Air Force, Royal Air Force
Reserves , Royal Auxiliary Air Force
and Cadet Forces-
48,734,000 807,000
4. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on retired pay, pensions, &c. ,
and related non- recurrent payments
and for the Royal Hospital, Chelsea
18,890,000 2,610,000
5. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on mov movements ; certain
stores; plant and machinery ; charter
and contract repair of ships; supplies
and services ; certain research ; lands
and buildings; sundry grants ; pay-
ments abroad including contributions
and subscriptions to international
organisations; and grants in aid-
154,531,000 2,035,000
6. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, &c. , of Defence
Ministers and of certain civilian staff
employed by the Ministry of Defence
* Deficit.
114,000,000 2,879,000
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1335
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
CLASS I -continued
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence in operating the Headquar-
ters and Establishments of the Pro-
curementExecutive, its other common
services and sundry other Procure-
ment Executive services including
those on repayment terms to non-
Exchequer customers-
48,001,000 6,125,000
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair, &c. , and purchases
for sale abroad of ships, weapon
systems, other equipment, stores, &c. ,
and for a grant
10,000,000 * -3,250,000
9. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair, reservation of
capacity, &c. , and purchases for sale
abroad of weapons, electronic equip-
ment, instruments, ammunition, ex-
plosives, vehicles, engineering equip-
ment, plant and machinery and other
stores
- 17,940,000 * -5,090,000
10. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair, &c., and purchases
for sale abroad of aircraft and aero
engines, weapon systems and elec-
tronic and other equipment, &c.
3,001,000 19,355,000
11. For expenditure including loans by the
Property Services Agency of the De-
partment of the Environment on
public building work and certain
accommodation services, &c. , for
defence purposes
43,635,000 150,000
TOTAL, DEFENCE (SUPPLEMENTARY),
1974-75-
-£ 598,004,000 26,664,000
* Deficit.
c . 44
1336 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil
Departments
( Supple- mentary ) 1974-75.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 4
CIVIL DEPARTMENTS (SUPPLEMENTARY), 1974–75
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTARY SUMS granted, and of the sums which
may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to
defray the charges for the Civil Services herein particularly
mentioned for the year ended 31st March, 1975, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria-
tions inAid
£ £
CLASS II
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on the salaries
and expenses of Her Majesty's Diplo-
matic Service and sundry other
services -
15,573,000 * -1,732,000
2. For expenditure by the Property Ser-
vices Agency of the Department of
the Environment on public building
work and accommodation services,
&c. , for civil purposes overseas
1,550,000 *-475,000
3. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on official in-
formation services, promotion of
cultural and information exchanges
( including a subscription to an inter-
national organisation and certain
grants in aid), external broadcasting
and monitoring and for a grant in aid
of the British Council
2,698,000
-
3A. For expenditure by the Home Office on
grants in aid to the British Broad-
casting Corporation for external
broadcasting, monitoring and civil
defence -- 3,592,000 165,000
4. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on subscrip-
tions, &c. , to certain international
organisations, military aid, certain
grants in aid and sundry other grants
and services-
4,909,000 71,166
5. For a grant in aid of the Commonwealth
War Graves Commission and certain
other expenses
257,000-
6. For Her Majesty's foreign and other
secret services-
- 3,000,000-
* Deficit.
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1337
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
CLASS II -continued
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Overseas Development on the official
United Kingdom aid programme, for
certain subscriptions to International
Organisations, and for certain pay-
ments under the Commonwealth
Scholarship and Fellowship Plan,
including grants in aid-
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of Over-
seas Development on administration-
9. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Overseas Development on pensions
and supplements to pensions in
respect of overseas service and for
sundry services and expenses
-
CLASS III
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in
England and Wales on price guaran-
tees, production grants and subsidies,
grants and loans for capital and other
improvements, support for agriculture
in special areas and certain other
services ; and, for certain of these
services, in the United Kingdom
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
onpriceguarantees, production grants
and subsidies, grants and loans for
capital and other improvements,
support for agriculture in special areas
and certain other services
3. For expenditure by the Intervention
Board for Agricultural Produce on
carrying out the obligations of the
United Kingdom under the Common
Agricultural Policy of the European
Economic Community in connection
with arrangements for import and
export, support for certain agricul-
tural and other products including
fish, assistance to producers, and
arrangements for food aid; and for
certain other services-
*Deficit.
94,180,000 476,000
771,000
1,000-
95,697,000
22,561,010
17,515,000
* -24,990
20,412,000 13,917,000
M
c. 44
1338 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
CLASS III-continued
Vote
4. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
educational, advisory, research, and
development services, livestock ser-
vices and pest control, food services
and assistance to marketing, including
grants in aid
4A. For the expenditure of the Department
of Prices and Consumer Protection on
implementation offood subsidies
5. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on educational, advisory, research and
development services, livestock ser-
vices and pest control, assistance to
marketing, administration,
land
management and land settlement, the
Royal Botanic and associated Gar-
dens, assistance to crofters and certain
other services, including grants in aid
6. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
central administration including land
management and smallholdings, Royal
Botanic Gardens, land drainage and
flood protection and certain other
services including a grant in aid and
subscriptions to certain international
organisations
170,148,000
459,000
87,268,000
5,598,000 652,000
1,000 2,263,000
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
assistance to the fishing industry,
research and development, adminis-
tration and other services including a
grant in aid and subscriptions to
certain international organisations 1,000-
9. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund 3,500,000-
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1339
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS IV
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on regional development
grants, provision of land and build-
ings, selective assistance to industry
in assisted areas, assistance for pub-
licity and certain other services,
including grants in aid-
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on the Industrial Research
Establishments of the Department,
the Computer Aided Design Centre,
on contracts, grants and other support
for industrial research and develop-
ment and loans and grants to the
National Research Development
Corporation, including grants in aid -
4. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on technological and in-
dustrial sponsorship including sub-
scriptions to international organisa-
tions and a grant in aid
5. For the expenditure of the Department
of Industry on civil aerospace research
and development, the support of
development and production of civil
aircraft and associated equipment,
contributions to international organ-
isations, loans, the purchase of certain
assets of companies and sundry other
items- -
2,000-
1,540,000 12,000
1,000 170,000
60,417,000 *-118,000
6. For the expenditure by the United
Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority
and the Department of Energy in
connection with nuclear energy and
related research and development,
including the purchase of nuclear
materials and the administration of
the National Stockpile of uranium
ore, subscriptions and contributions
to international organisations and
projects, grants in aid, loans, grants,
guarantees, expenditure arising from
the reorganisation of the nuclear
industry including the purchase of
shares, &c. , and for sundry other
services
- 13,015,000 2,865,000
* Deficit.
M 2
c . 44
1340 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS IV -continued
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on selective assistance to
industry, support for the shipbuilding
industry, investment grants, certain
other services and support for the
Steel Industry
8. For expenditure by the Department of
Energy in connection with the energy
industries, including certain financial
assistance to the nationalised indus-
tries, safety and product quality, oil
storage and certain other services
including a grant in aid
10. For expenditure by the Department of
Trade on promotion of tourism,
export promotion, trade co-operation,
protection of innovation, regulation of
trading practices, central and miscel-
laneous services and certain other
services including grants in aid and
international subscriptions
11. For expenditure incurred by the Export
Credits Guarantee Department in
connection with export credits guaran-
tees including an international sub-
scription , refinancing arrangements
made for facilitating trade with other
countries and assistance towards the
cost of financing export credits, the
purchase of securities and overseas
investment insurance
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
Office of Fair Trading-
13. For the salaries and expenses of the
Registry of Friendly Societies-
* Deficit.
*
76,654,000 -1,100,000
63,891,000 2,171,000
3,901,000
208,454,000 22,812,000
54,000
92,000
200
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1341
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS IV -continued
Vote
14. For expenditure by the Department of
Employment on grants in aid to the
Manpower Services Commission and
the Health and Safety Commission ;
on aRoyal Commission on the Distri-
bution of Income and Wealth, an
Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitra-
tion Service and on employment
services , industrial rehabilitation, in-
dustrial relations, other labour market
services, services for the seriously
disabled , protective services in inre relation
to employment and sundry other
services and an international sub-
scription-
16. For the expenditure of the Department
of Industry on central and miscel-
laneous services, civil defence, certain
payments to the Post Office, inter-
national subscriptions and payments
to the Foreign Compensation Com-
mission
17. For expenditure by the Scottish Eco-
nomic Planning Department on a
grant in aid to the Highlands and
Islands Development Board, on the
promotion of tourism, on financial
assistance to nationalised industries,
and on sundry other services in con-
nection with trade and industry
including grants in aid-
13,568,000 12,260,000
5,427,000 43,941
1,000
18. For expenditure by the Department of
Prices and Consumer Protection on
prices, consumer protection, standards
and quality assurance and central and
miscellaneous services, including a
grant to the Price Commission, grants
in aid and international subscriptions 1,162,000 106,500
M 3
c . 44
1342 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
CLASS VI
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on roads and certain
associated services including lorry
areas, lighting and road safety -
27,348,000
833,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on support to
nationalised transport industries,
assistance to ports, services in con-
nection with a Channel Tunnel and
certain other transport services, in-
cluding a grant in aid and inter-
national subscriptions-
172,510,000 *-375,000
4. For expenditure by the Scottish De-
velopment Department
Velopment ment roads and
on
certain associated services, including
lighting and road safety, on assistance
to public surface transport and on
certain other transport services
8,416,000 *-95,000
5. For expenditure by the Scottish Eco-
nomic Planning Department on sup-
port for transport services in the
Highlands and Islands and on piers
and harbours - 1,044,000-
7. For expenditure by the Department of
Trade on services connected with
shipping including a grant in aid
1,653,000 *-262,000
8. For the expenditure by the Department
of Trade on civil aviation services
including a grant in aid of the Civil
Aviation Authority, certain payments
of Regional Employment Premium
and international subscriptions-
*Deficit.
13,110,000 9,886,000
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1343
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tionsin Aid
£
£
CLASS VII
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on subsidies, the
option mortgage scheme, improve-
ments, the rent officer service and
sundry other housing services includ-
ing residual expenditure in respect of
a temporary bridging grant made in
1973-74 to certain Building Societies
registered in Great Britain, and tem-
porary loan and other payments in
connection with assistance to certain
Building Societies registered in Great
Britain and Northern Ireland-
- 173,511,000 * -1,001,000
2. For expenditure by the Scottish De-
velopment Department on subsidies ,
the option mortgage scheme, improve-
ments, rent registration and sundry
other housing services- -
19,000,000
3. For expenditure by the Scottish Eco-
nomic Planning Department on grants
to New Town Development Corpor-
ations in connection with housing
and other services-
991,000
4. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
subsidies, the option mortgage scheme,
improvements, the rent officer service
and sundry other housing services
7,276,000 82,000
CLASS VIII
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on services con-
nected with water supply, sewerage,
surveys, other public health services,
coast protection, oil and chemical
pollution and sundry other services
including grants in aid- -
2. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on Royal Palaces ,
Royal Parks, historic buildings and
ancient monuments, on certain public
buildings and accommodation ser-
vices, on assistance to the Zoological
Society of London, including grants
in aid
* Deficit .
1,000
643,000
M 4
c . 44
1344 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions inAid
£
CLASS VIII -continued
Vote
3. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on research, includ-
ing grants in aid-
4. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment in connection with
town and country planning ( including
compensation payments), recreation
and other environmental services in-
cluding grants in aid and international
subscriptions, on a grant in aid to the
Development Fund and on grants for
rate rebates and domestic rate relief
5. For expenditure by the Scottish De-
velopment Department in connection
with water supply, sewerage, land
drainage and flood protection, town
and country planning (including com-
pensation), recreation, historic build-
ings, acquisition ofland , domestic rate
relief and other environmental ser-
vices, including a grant in aid
6. For expenditure by the Welsh Office in
connection with water supply, sewer-
age, town and country planning
( including compensation), recreation,
historic buildings and other environ-
mental services, the promotion of
tourism, and with primary and
secondary education, on grants for
rate rebates and domestic rate relief
and on sundry other services including
grants in aid-
7. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on central adminis-
tration and certain other services
CLASS IX
1. For expenditure by the Lord Chancel-
lor's Department on court services,
the Law Commission and certain
other legal services
2. For expenditure by the Scottish Courts
Administration on court services, the
Scottish Law Commission and certain
other legal services, including a grant
inaid
1,502,000
2,000
2,000 17,990
2,000-
9,600,000 2,069,000
2,153,000 1,807,000
29,000 203,000
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1345
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS IX -continued
Vote
3. For grants to the Legal Aid Fund and
to Law Centres
4. For expenditure by the Departments of
the Director of Public Prosecutions,
the Law Officers and the Treasury
Solicitor on Crown prosecutions and
other legal services and on legal
services for Government Departments
5. For expenditure by the Queen's and
Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer on
Crown prosecutions, legal services for
Government Departments and certain
other legal services -
6. For expenditure by the Home Office on
court services, Crown prosecutions,
legal aid and other services related to
crime, including a grant in aid -
7. For expenditure on the Supreme Court
of Judicature and Court of Criminal
Appeal of Northern Ireland and on
certain other legal services in Northern
Ireland
8. For expenditure by the Home Office on
prisons, probation, after-care and
other services for the treatment of
offenders, including a grant in aid
9. For expenditure by the Home Office on
police, fire, control of immigration
and nationality and of gaming, and
other protective services, including
grants in aid and an international
subscription-
10. For expenditure by the Home Office on
civildefence-
11. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
emergency food services and strategic
reserves-
* Deficit.
5,887,000
-
1,798,000
53,000
365,000 * -2,000
8,895,000 189,000
25,000 14,000
22,622,000 323,000
36,725,000 451,000
1,000 218,000
1,000 733,000
c . 44
1346 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS IX -continued
Vote
12. For expenditure by the Home Office on
community relations, the urban pro-
gramme and assistance towards cer-
tain voluntary services, including
grants in aid-
13. For expenditure by the Home Office on
central administration and certain
other services including expenses of
the Referendum on the European
Economic Community- - -
14. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on legal aid,
services related to crime, prisons ,
other services for the treatment of
offenders, police, fire services, civil
defence and certain other services,
including a grant in aid and expenses
of the Referendum on the European
Economic Community
1.
CLASSX
For expenditure by the Department of
Education and Science on schools,
the University Grants Committee,
universities and certain other insti-
tutions, further education, teacher
training and student awards, including
grants in aid and a subscription to an
international organisation-
2. For expenditure by the Scottish Edu-
cation Department on schools , higher
and further education, libraries ,
miscellaneous educational services ,
research and administration and
sports- -
3. For grants in aid to the British Library
and certain other institutions
4. For the expenditure of the National
Library of Scotland, including a pur-
chase grant in aid and a grant to the
Scottish Central Library -
5. For grants in aid of the National Library
ofWales and the National Museum of
Wales and a grant to the Council of
Museums in Wales
* Deficit.
250,000
1,105,000 6,000
9,117,000 351,000
61,207,000 132,000
6,858,000
1,114,000
94,000 *-1,000
- 1,000-
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1347
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS X -Continued
Vote
6. For expenditure by the Department of
Education and Science on miscel-
laneous educational services, research
and administration, including grants
in aid and international subscriptions
7. For grants in aid of the Social Science
Research Council including a sub-
scription to an international organis-
ation
8. For grants in aid of the Science Re-
search Council including subscriptions
to certain international organisations
9. For grants in aid of the Natural
Environment Research Council
10. For grants in aid of the Medical Re-
search Council including subscriptions
to certain international organisations
11. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural
Research Council
12. For the expenditure of the British
Museum ( Natural History), including
a purchase grant in aid- 14. For the expenditure of the British
Museum including a purchase grant
in aid-
15. For the expenditure of the Science
Museum including purchase grants
in aid-
16. 1,595,000
275,000
1,000
-
1,223,000-
1,406,000-
2,384,000-
690,000-
260,000-
152,000
For the expenditure of the Victoria and
Albert Museum including purchase
grants in aid 427,000-
17. For the expenditure of the Imperial War
Museum including a purchase grant
in aid
59,000-
18. For the expenditure of the London
Museum including a purchase grant
inaid-
150,000
-
19. For the expenditure of the National
Gallery , including a purchase grant
in aid-
87,000-
309,000
1348 Appropriation Act 1975
с.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS X -Continued
Vote
20. For the expenditure of the National
Maritime Museum including a pur-
chase grant in aid- 104,000-
21. For the expenditure of the National
Portrait Gallery including purchase
grants in aid- - 30,000
22. For the expenditure of the Tate Gallery
including a purchase grant in aid- 70,000
-
23. For the expenditure of the Wallace
Collection 48,000
24. For the expenditure of the National
Gallery of Scotland, the Scottish
National Gallery of Modern Art and
the Scottish National Portrait Gallery,
including purchase grants in aid 59,000-
25. For the expenditure of the National
Museum of Antiquities of Scotland,
including a purchase grant in aid
26,000
26. For expenditure by the Scottish Edu-
cation Department on the Royal
Scottish Museum and certain grants
for the Arts including purchase grants
in aid
377,000
27. For grants in aid to the Arts Council
and certain other institutions and for
other grants for the Arts -
5,847,000
CLASS XI
1. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on the
provision of services under the
National Health Service in England,
on other health and personal social
services including certain services in
relation to Wales, and on research,
services for the disabled, welfare food
and certain other services ; including
grants in aid and international sub-
scriptions- -
*Deficit.
592,624,000 * -1,504,000
Appropriation Act 1975 1349
c . 44
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions inAid
£
CLASS XI-continued
Vote
2. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on the pro-
vision of services under the National
Health Service in Scotland, on other
health services and on research, ser-
vices for the disabled, welfare food
and certain other services-
3. For expenditure by the Scottish Edu-
cationDepartment in connection with
social work and the urban programme
4. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Wales, on
other health and personal social
services , and on research, services for
the disabled, welfare food and certain
other services- -
88,245,000 48,000
997,000 *-3,000
38,185,000 * -34,000
CLASS XII
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on pen-
sions, &c. , for disablement or death
arising out of war or service in the
Armed Forces after 2 September 1939
and on certain associated services, on
attendance allowances and old per-
sons' retirement pensions, &c. -
4,200,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on supple-
mentary pensions and allowances,
lump sum payments for pensioners,
& c . , and repayments to local
authorities
4. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on family
allowances and family income supple-
ments-
- 1,500,000
5. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on adminis-
tration, certain Selective Employment
Refunds, selective butter subsidy, and
certain other services including an
international subscription
*Deficit.
70,499,000 * -19,000,000
-
24,905,000 27,829,000
c . 44
1350 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tionsin Aid
£ £
CLASS XIII
Vote
1. For the expenditure of the House of
Lords
158,000 2,000
2. For the salaries and expenses of the
House of Commons including a grant
in aid- -
- 1,172,000 9,000
3. For the expenditure of the Department of
HerMajesty's Most Honourable Privy
Council - 47,000
-
4. For expenditure by the Treasury on the
management of the economy, the
Paymaster General's Office and certain
other services including grants in aid
to certain Parliamentary bodies and
others
5. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Comptroller and Auditor
General
6. For expenditure by the Customs and
Excise Department including the ex-
penses of Value Added Tax Tribunals
and an international subscription
7. For the expenditure of the Inland
Revenue Department-
-
8. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment in connection with
driver and motor vehicle registration
and licensing and the collection of
revenue --
9. For the expenditure of the National
Debt Office and Pensions Commu-
tation Board
-
10. For the expenditure of the Public Works
Loan Commission-
1,047,000 176,020
600,000 *-70,000
5,224,000 1,700,000
16,710,000 1,819,000
5,658,000 *-9,000
1,000 48,000
1,000 29,000
11. For the expenditure of the Department
for National Savings 2,225,000 2,056,000
* Deficit.
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1351
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS XIII-continued
Vote
13. For the expenditure by the Civil Service
Department on the central manage-
ment of the civil service, on Royal
Commissions , Committees, special
enquiries, the Office of Parliamentary
Counsel, and certain other services,
including grants in aid to the Govern-
ment Hospitality Fund and other
bodies- -
2,459,000 *-78,000
14. For the expenditure ofthe Public Record
Office- 260,000 *-10,000
15. For the salaries and expenses of the
Scottish Record Office including
grants in aid- 69,000 4,000
16. For the expenditure of the Office of
Population Censuses and Surveys
including a grant in aid- 965,000 28,000
17. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Registrar General of Births,
Deaths and Marriages in Scotland 196,000 50,000
18. For the expenditure of the Land Registry 742,000 602,000
19. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Registers of Scotland
- 1,000 69,000
20. For the expenditure of the Charity
Commission for England and Wales -
118,000-
21. For expenditure by the Ordnance Survey
on the survey of Great Britain and
other mapping services- -
2,100,000 *-161,000
22. For the expenditure of the Cabinet
Office including the salary of the
Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
and subscriptions to international
organisations --
457,000 2,000
23. For expenditure by the Scottish Office
on central administration-
4,426,000 89,000
24. For the expenditure by the Welsh Office
on central administration
567,000 62,000
Deficit .
c .44
1352 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS XIII -continued
Vote
25A. For expenditure by the Home Office on
grants to the British Broadcasting
Corporation for home broadcasting,
and civil defence, central administra-
tion, wireless telegraphy and sundry
other services
- 2,534,000 *-51,000
26. For the expenditure of the Office of the
Parliamentary Commissioner for Ad-
ministration and the Health Service
Commissioners for England, Scotland
andWales
47,000
27. For the expenditure of the Office of the
Public Trustee
1,000 222,000
29. For transitional payments to certain
charities
1,500,000
CLASS XIV
1. For expenditure by the Property Services
Agency of the Department of the
Environment on public building work
and accommodation services, &c. , for
civil purposes in the United Kingdom,
transport services and sundry other
services
- 27,000,000 *-7,493,000
2. For expenditure incurred by the Supplies
Division of the Property Services
Agency on the purchase of furniture,
equipment and other supplies, oper-
ation of stores, transport and associ-
ated services including workshops and
garages, &c.-
3,312,000
-
3. For the expenditure of Her Majesty's
Stationery Office on the procurement
and production of stationery and
printing, on publishing, and on
certain other services-
13,705,000 * -492,000
4. For expenditure by the Central Com-
puter Agency (Civil Service Depart-
ment) in connection with computers
and general telecommunications in-
cluding an international subscription
• Deficit.
1,544,000 * -7,144,000
c. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1353
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS XIV -continued
Vote
5. For expenditure by the Central Office of
Information on home and overseas
publicity 1,600,000 400,000
6. For expenditure by the Assistant Pay-
master General on the superannuation
of civil servants, pensions, &c. , in
respect of former members of the
Royal Irish Constabulary and other
pensions and non-recurrent payments ;
and for certain other services- 13,350,000 9,500,000
7. For the expenditure of the Rating of
Government Property Department ;
for rates and contributions in lieu of
rates for property occupied by the
Crown and premises occupied by
representatives ofCommonwealth and
foreign countries and international
organisations ; and for certain sewer-
age, &c. , charges-
24,450,000 2,400,000
8. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Government Actuary
26,000 37,000
9. For the expenditure of the Civil Service
Catering Organisation ( Civil Service
Department) in connection with the
provision of catering services- 708,000 415,000
CLASS XV
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
certain services in Northern Ireland,
including price guarantees, production
grants and subsidies , grants and loans
for capital and other improvements,
support for agriculture in special areas,
educational and livestock services,
food services and assistance to market-
ing, land management, special assist-
ance to agriculture in Northern
Ireland, assistance to the fishing
industry and administration by the
Department of Agriculture for North-
ern Ireland
7,488,000 *-24,990
* Deficit.
c. 44
1354 Appropriation Act 1975
Supply Grants Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
CLASS XV-continued
Vote
2. For expenditure by the Northern Ireland
Office on Court Services, Crown
prosecutions, legal aid, Commis-
sioners and Appeal Tribunal and
other services related to crime, com-
pensationforcriminal injuries, prisons,
probation and after-care, young
offenders, police, civil defence, central
and miscellaneous services and legal
services for Government departments
including grants in aid-
3. For expenditure by the Northern Ireland
Office on election expenses, central
administration and transfers to the
Northern Ireland Consolidated Fund,
including grants in aid and expenses
of the Referendum on the European
Economic Community
-
CLASS XVII
1. For rate support grants to local authori-
ties in England and Wales, and for
National Parks supplementary grants
to County Councils
2. For rate support grants, equalisation
grants and rate rebates grants to local
authorities in Scotland- -
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Education and Science on superan-
nuation allowances and gratuities,
&c. , in respect of teachers, and the
widows, children and dependants of
deceased teachers-
4. For the expenditure by the Scottish
Home and Health Department on
superannuation allowances and gra-
tuities, &c. , in respect of teachers, and
the widows and dependants of de-
ceased teachers
5. For expenditure by the Department
of Health and Social Security on
pensions, allowances , gratuities , &c . ,
to or in respect of persons engaged in
health services or in other approved
employment -
33,125,000 3,000
156,000 28,000
1,077,500,000
70,993,000
2,000 14,719,000
1,000 1,442,000
2,000 17,387,000
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1355
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS XVII -continued
Vote
6. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on pensions,
allowances, gratuities , &c. , to or in
respect of persons engaged in health
services or in other approved employ-
ment
7. For payment of pensions, &c. , to
persons who contributed to the United
Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority's
Superannuation Schemes and other
related expenditure -
8. For the salaries and expenses of the
Crown Estate Office
9. For transitional relief under the Finance
Acts 1965 and 1972 for companies
with an overseas source of trading
income
1,000 1,115,000
1,000 944,000
76,000-
2,000,000-
TOTAL, CIVIL DEPARTMENTS
( SUPPLEMENTARY) , 1974-75 £ 3,732,468,000 140,655,847
c . 44
1356 Appropriation Act 1975
Defence,
Class I ,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE ( B).-PART 5
DEFENCE. -CLASS I
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Defence Services herein particularly mentioned,
which will come in course of payment during the year ending on
31st March 1976, including provision for numbers of personnel
as set out hereunder, viz.:-
Vote
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances &c. of
the Royal Navy, the Royal Marines
( including provision for Naval Service
to a number not exceeding 81,000) , the
Royal Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet
Reserve and Cadet Forces &c. , (in-
cluding a Supplementary sum of
£35,000,000) - 284,580,000 2,567,000
2. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances &c. of the
Army (including provision for Army
Service to a number not exceeding
187,500) , the Regular Reserve ( to a
number not exceeding 65,000) , the
Territorial and Army Volunteer Re-
serve (to a number not exceeding
87,000), the Ulster Defence Regiment
( to a number not exceeding 10,000),
and Cadet Forces ( including a
Supplementary sum of £63,000,000) - 587,524,000 27,555,000
3. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay, allowances &c. of the
Royal Air Force (including provision
forAir Force Service to a number not
exceeding 98,900), RAF Reserves (to
a number not exceeding 10,600), Royal
Auxiliary Air Force ( to a number not
exceeding 400), and Cadet Forces (in-
cluding a Supplementary sum of
£45,000,000)
360,679,000 5,703,000
4. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on retired pay, pensions &c.
and related non- recurrent payments
and for the Royal Hospital, Chelsea -
232,857,000 2,647,000
Appropriation Act 1975 1357
c . 44
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 5 -continued
Defence ,
Class I,
1975-76.
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote 5. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on movements ; certain
stores; plant and machinery ; charter
and contract repair of ships ; supplies
and services; certain research; lands
and buildings; sundry grants; pay-
ments abroad including contributions
and subscriptions to international
organisations; grants in aid; and the
expenses of the Referendum on the
European Economic Community
( including a Supplementary sum of
£15,000)- 528,150,000 176,260,000
6. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on pay &c. of Defence
Ministers and of certain civilian staff
employed by the Ministry of Defence
( including a Supplementary sum of
£58,000,000) -
680,165,000 11,950,000
7. For expenditure by the Procurement
Executive of the Ministry of Defence
in operating its Headquarters and
Establishments and for its other
common services, for research &c. by
contract, and for sundry other Pro-
curement Executive services including
those on repayment terms to non-
Exchequer customers (including a
Supplementary sum of £29,000,000) -
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair &c. and purchases
for sale abroad of sea systems , and for
agrant
9. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair &c. , reservation of
capacity for, and purchases for sale
abroad of, land systems
10. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Defence on development by contract,
production, repair &c. and purchases
for sale abroad of air systems -
344,216,000 40,426,000
385,750,000 23,000,000
337,000,000 107,000,000
651,224,000 102,237,000
c . 44
1358 Appropriation Act 1975
Defence ,
ClassI ,
1975-766
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 5 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
11. For expenditure including loans by the
Property Services Agency of the De-
partment of the Environment on
public building work and certain
accommodation services &c. for
defence purposes- -
TOTAL, DEFENCE, CLASS I-
- 363,680,000 18,805,000
-£ 4,755,825,000 518,150,000
с. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1359
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 6
CIVIL. -CLASS II
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil ,
Class II,
1975-76.
Vote
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
1. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on the salaries
and expenses of Her Majesty's
Diplomatic Service and sundry other
services ( including a Supplementary
sum of £ 10,578,000)
2. For expenditure by the Property Services
Agency of the Department of the
Environment on public building work
and accommodation services &c. for
civil purposes overseas-
3. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on official infor-
mation services , promotion ofcultural
and information exchanges (including
a subscription to an international
organisation and certain grants in aid ),
external broadcasting and monitoring
and for a grant in aid of the British
Council (including a Supplementary
sum of £1,119,000)
4. For expenditure by the Home Office on
grants in aid to the British Broad-
casting Corporation for external
broadcasting and monitoring-
5. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on subscrip-
tions &c. , to certain international
organisations, military aid, certain
grants in aid and sundry other grants
and services (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £ 1,336,000)
6. 106,478,000 10,993,000
23,610,000 2,950,000
19,260,000 28,000
22,751,000 1,298,000
19,461,000 420,970
For a grant in aid of the Commonwealth
War Graves Commission and certain
other expenses- 3,203,000-
7. For Her Majesty's foreign and other
secret services 22,000,000-
c . 44
1360 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil,
Class II,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE ( B ). -PART 6 -continued
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
Vote
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Overseas Development on the official
United Kingdom aid programme, for
certain subscriptions to International
Organisations, and for certain pay-
ments under the Commonwealth
Scholarship and Fellowship Plan,
including grants in aid (including a
Supplementary sum of £2,300,000)-
431,642,000 1,300,000
9. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Overseas Development on administra-
tion, including the costs of the Fay
Committee of Inquiry (including a
Supplementary sum of £ 42,000)- 7,692,000 145,000
10. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Overseas Development on pensions
and supplements to pensions in
respect of overseas service and for
sundry services and expenses- - 45,514,000 221,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS II - £ 701,611,000 17,355,970
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1361
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 7
CIVIL. -CLASS III
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil ,
Class III,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions inAid
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in
England and Wales on price guaran-
tees, production grants and subsidies,
grants and loans for capital and other
improvements, support for agriculture
in special areas and certain other
services; and, for certain of these
services, in the United Kingdom
( including a Supplementary sum of
£ 1,000)
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on price guarantees, production grants
and subsidies, grants and loans for
capital and other improvements,
support for agriculture in special
areas and certain other services-
3. For expenditure by the Intervention
Board for Agricultural Produce on
carrying out the obligations of the
United Kingdom under the Common
Agricultural Policy of the European
Economic Community in connection
with arrangements for import and
export, support for certain agricul-
tural and other products including
fish , assistance to producers, and
arrangements for food aid; and for
certain other services
4. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
educational, advisory, research and
development services, livestock ser-
vices and pest control, food services
and assistance to marketing, includ-
ing grants in aid (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £55,709,000)-
152,086,000 264,606,000
45,746,000 510,000
11,880,000 69,851,000
- 127,162,000 3,830,000
c . 44
1362 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil,
Class III,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 7 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
5. For the expenditure of the Department
of Prices and Consumer Protection
on implementation of certain food
subsidies
6. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on educational, advisory, research
and development services , livestock
services and pest control, assistance
to marketing, administration, land
management and land settlement, the
Royal Botanic and associated Gar-
dens, assistance to crofters and
certain other services, including
grants in aid-
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
central administration including land
management and smallholdings, Royal
Botanic Gardens, land drainage and
flood protection and certain other
services including a grant in aid and
subscriptions to certain international
organisations
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
assistance to the fishing industry,
research and development, adminis-
tration and other services including
a grant in aid and subscriptions to
certain international organisations
(including a Supplementary sum of
£ 4,743,000)-
505,000,000
26,059,000 5,240,200
102,443,000 11,134,000
23,773,000 85.000
9. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on assistance to the Scottish fishing
industry and the United Kingdom
herring industry, research and de-
velopment and protective and certain
other services including a grant in aid
( including a Supplementary sum of
£2,100,000)- 7,172,000 55,000
10. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund
( including a Supplementary sum of
£3,500,000)-
21,750,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS III
- £ 1,023,071,000 355,311,200
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1363
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 8
CIVIL. -CLASS IV
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil ,
Class IV , 1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on regional development
grants, provision of land and build-
ings, selective assistance to industry
in assisted areas, assistance for pub-
licity and certain other services,
including grants in aid ( including a
Supplementary sum of £3,800,000)- 339,188,000 197,000
2. For payments by the Department of
Employment to certain employers
in Development Areas; and residual
payments of refunds of Selective
Employment Tax- -
226,400,000 31,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry on the Industrial Research
Establishments of the Department,
the Computer Aided Design Centre,
on contracts, grants and other support
for industrial research and develop-
ment and loans and grants to the
National Research Development
Corporation, including grants in aid
( including a Supplementary sum of
£2,604,000)
- 31,702,000 5,939,000
4. For expenditure of the Department of
Industry on technological and in-
dustrial sponsorship including sub-
scriptions to international organisa-
tions and a grant in aid (including a
Supplementary sum of £1,000)
- 7,401,000 1,288,000
5. For the expenditure of the Department
ofIndustry on civil aerospace research
and development, the support of
development and production of civil
aircraft and associated equipment,
contributions to international organ-
isations , loans, the purchase of certain
assets of companies and sundry other
items (including a Supplementary
sum of £20,523,000) 101,696,000 71,879,000
с . 44
1364 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class IV,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B ). -PART 8 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria-
tions inAid
£ £
Vote
6. For the expenditure by the United
Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority
and the Department of Energy in
connection with nuclear energy and
related research and development,
including the purchase of nuclear
materials, subscriptions and contri-
butions to international organisations
and projects, grants in aid, loans,
grants , guarantees, expenditure arising
from the reorganisation of the nuclear
industry including the purchase of
shares &c. , and for sundry other
services (including a Supplementary
sum of £1,463,000)-
88,537,000 55,122,000
7. For expenditure of the Department of
Industry on selective assistance to
industry, support for the shipbuilding
industry, investment grants, certain
other services and support for the
Steel Industry ( including a Supple-
mentary sum of £460,001,000) 771,943,000 700,000
8. For expenditure by the Department of
Energy in connection with the energy
industries , including certain financial
assistance to the nationalised indus-
tries, oil storage and certain other
services including a grant in aid
(including a Supplementary sum of
£36,000,000)
- 177,650,000 8,066,000
9. For expenditure by the Department of
Energy in connection with compensa-
tion to nationalised industries for the
consequences of price restraint 315,000,000
10. For expenditure by the Department of
Industry in connection with compen-
sation to nationalised industries for
the consequences of price restraint
( including a Supplementary sum of
£88,200,000) - 395,000,000
Appropriation Act 1975 c . 44 1365
SCHEDULE ( B).-PART 8 -continued
Civil,
Class IV, 1975-76.
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
11. For expenditure by the Department of
Trade on promotion of tourism,
exportpromotion, trade co-operation,
protection ofinnovation , regulation
of trading practices, central and mis-
cellaneous services and certain other
services including grants in aid and
international subscriptions (including
a Supplementary sum of £8,832,000)
12. For expenditure incurred by the Export
Credits Guarantee Department in
connection with export credits guaran-
tees including an international sub-
scription , performance bond guaran-
tees , pre-shipment financeguarantees,
refinancing arrangements made for
facilitating trade with other countries
and assistance towards the cost of
financing export credits, the purchase
of securities, overseas investment in-
surance and cost escalation guarantees
( including a Supplementary sum of
£1,000)-
13. For the salaries and expenses of the
Office of Fair Trading-
14. For the salaries and expenses of the
Registry of Friendly Societies ( includ-
ing a Supplementary sum of £ 102,000)
48,991,000 21,520,000
385,162,000 71,971,000
621,000
760,000
502,000 50,000
15. For expenditure by the Department of
Employment on grants in aid to the
Manpower Services Commission and
the Health and Safety Commission ;
on a Royal Commission on the Dis-
tribution of Income and Wealth, an
Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitra-
tion Service, and on industrial rela-
tions, other labour market services ,
services for seriously disabled people
and sundry other services and an
international subscription (including
aSupplementary sum of £42,941,000) | 337,363,000 37,182,000
c . 44
1366 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class IV , 1975-76.
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 8 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
16. For the expenditure of the Department
of Industry on central and miscel-
laneous services, civil defence, certain
payments to the Post Office and inter-
national subscriptions (including a
Supplementary sum of £5,611,000)
- 35,014,000 514,000
17. For expenditure by the Scottish Eco-
nomic Planning Department on grants
in aid to the Scottish Development
Agency and to the Highlands and
Islands Development Board, on pro-
vision of land and buildings, on
selective assistance to industry, on the
promotion of tourism, on financial
assistance to nationalised industries,
and on sundry other services in con-
nection with trade and industry
including grants in aid (including a
Supplementary sum of £1,000) -
17A. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
the provision of land and buildings,
selective assistance to industry in
assisted areas, on the promotion of
tourism, on assistance for publicity
and on the Welsh Development
Agency including grants in aid
18. For expenditure by the Department of
Prices and Consumer Protection on
prices, consumer protection, stand-
ards and quality assurance and central
and miscellaneous services, including
a grant to the Price Commission,
grants in aid and international sub-
scriptions-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS IV - 34,855,000 15,162,500
1,000 14,879,000
9,495,000 161,000
- £ 3,306,521,000
305,421,500
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1367
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 9
CIVIL. -CLASS VI
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil,
Class VI,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on roads and certain
associated services including lorry
areas, lighting and road safety (includ-
ing a Supplementary sum of £1,000)
407,312,000
4,436,000
2. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on assistance to
local transport &c. -
83,346,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on support to
nationalised transport industries, as-
sistance to ports, services in connec-
tion with a Channel Tunnel and
certain other transport services, in-
cluding a grant in aid and international
subscriptions -- -
479,028,000 15,748,000
4. For expenditureby the Scottish Develop-
ment Department on roads and cer-
tain associated services, including
lighting and road safety, on assistance
to local transport and on certain other
transport services- 79,636,000 110,000
5. For expenditure by the Scottish Eco-
nomic Planning Department on sup-
artment
port for transport services in the
Highlands and Islands and on piers
and harbours (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £2,994,000)
6,537,000 33,000
6. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
roads and certain associated services
including lorry areas, lighting and
road safety, and on assistance to
public surface transport - 47,781,000 98,000
7. For expenditure by the Department of
Trade on services connected with
shipping including a grant in aid
( including a Supplementary sum of
£ 901,000 ) 8,160,000 2,454,000
c . 44
1368 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class VI,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 9-continued
Supply
Grants
£
Vote
8. For the expenditure by the Department
of Trade on civil aviation services
including a grant in aid of the Civil
Aviation Authority, certain payments
of Regional Employment Premium
and international subscriptions (in-
cluding a Supplementary sum of
£20,000,000) -
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VI
139,563,000
- £ 1,251,363,000
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
3,037,000
25,916,000
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1369
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 10
CIVIL. -CLASS VII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil ,
Class VII,
1975-76 .
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on subsidies, the
option mortgage scheme, improve-
ments , the rent officer service and
sundry other housing services includ-
ing temporary loan and other pay-
ments in connection with assistance
to certain Building Societies registered
in Great Britain and Northern Ireland 2. For expenditure by the Scottish Develop-
ment Department on subsidies, the
option mortgage scheme, improve-
ments, rent registration and sundry
other housing services (including a
Supplementary sum of £38,014,000) -
3. For expenditure by the Scottish Econ-
omic Planning Department on grants
to New Town Development Corpora-
tions in connection with housing and
other services
1,298,898,000
502,000
194,446,000 2,500
- 11,146,000
4. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
subsidies , the option mortgage scheme,
improvements, the rent officer service
and sundry other housing services
- 51,193,000 10,010
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VII
-£ 1,555,683,000
514,510
PartII N
c . 44
1370 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil,
ClassVIII
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 11
CIVIL. -CLASS VIII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on water supply,
sewerage, town and country planning
( including compensation ), recreation
and other environmental services
including grants in aid and inter-
national subscriptions, on a grant in
in aid to the Development Fund, on
grants for rate rebates and domestic
rate relief , and on sundry other
services (including a Supplementary
sum of £4,923,000) -- -
2. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on Royal Palaces,
Royal Parks , historic buildings and
ancient monuments, on certain public
buildings and accommodation services ,
on assistance to the Zoological Society
of London, including grants in aid
( revised sum ) -
3. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on research, includ-
ing grants in aid (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £1,000)-
164,593,000 50,000
29,198,000 6,021,000
27,753,000 2,220,000
4. For expenditure by the Scottish Devel-
opment Department in connection
with water supply, sewerage, land
drainage and flood protection, town
and country planning (including
compensation), recreation, historic
buildings, acquisition of land, dom-
estic rate relief and other environ-
mental services including a grant in
aid 12,999,000 30,510
c. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1371
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 11-continued
Civil ,
ClassVIII,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
5. For expenditure by the Welsh Office in
connection with water supply ,
sewerage, town and country planning
( including compensation), recreation,
historic buildings and other environ-
mental services, the promotion of
tourism, and with primary and
secondary education, on grants for
rate rebates and domestic rate relief
and on sundry other services including
grants in aid and an international
subscription ( including a Supplement-
ary sum of £151,000)
6. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment on central admini-
stration and certain other services
(including a Supplementary sum of
£9,900,000)- - -
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VIII-
15,037,000 24,010
62,400,000 18,375,000
- £ 311,980,000 26,720,520
N2
1372 Appropriation Act 1975
c . 44
Civil ,
Class IX , 1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 12
CIVIL. -CLASS IX
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Lord Chancel-
lor's Department on court services,
the Law Commission and certain
other legal services (including a Sup-
plementary sum of £6,252,000) -- 23,230,000 23,414,000
2. For expenditure by the Scottish Courts
Administration on court services, the
Scottish Law Commission and certain
other legal services, including a grant
inaid 1,051,000 1,659,000
3. For grants to the Legal Aid Fund and to
Law Centres (including a Supplement-
ary sum of £100,000)-
38,568,000-
4. For expenditure by the Departments of
the Director of Public Prosecutions,
the Law Officers and the Treasury
Solicitor on Crown prosecutions and
other legal services and on legal
services for Government Departments
5,184,000 245,000
5. For expenditure by the Queen's and
Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer on
Crown prosecutions, legal services for
Government Departments and certain
other legal services -
2,702,000 3,000
6. For expenditure by the Home Office on
court services, Crown prosecutions ,
legal aid and other services related to
crime, including a grant in aid --
61,556,000 1,949,000
7. For expenditure by the Home Office on
prisons, probation, after-care and
other services for the treatment of
offenders, including a grant in aid
( including a Supplementary sum of
£22,155,000)-
185,844,000 9,946,000
Appropriation Act 1975 c . 44 1373
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 12--continued
Civil ,
Class IX ,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
8. For expenditure by the Home Office on
police, fire, control of immigration
and nationality and of gaming, and
other protective services, including
grants in aid and an international
subscription-
9. For expenditure by the Home Office on
civil defence-
10. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
emergency food services and strategic
reserves -
11. For expenditure by the Home Office on
community relations, the urban pro-
gramme and assistance towards
certain voluntary services, including
grants in aid (including a Supplement-
ary sum of £1,000) -
12. For expenditure by the Home Office on
central administration and certain
other services including expenses of
the Referendum on the European
Economic Community (including a
Supplementary sum of £8,046,000)
13. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on legal aid,
services related to crime, prisons, other
services for the treatment of offenders,
police, fire services, civil defence and
certain other services, including a
grant in aid and expenses of the
Referendum on the European Econ-
omic Community (including a Sup-
plementary sum of £130,000)
- -
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS IX
352,052,000 7,501,000
5,544,000 1,195,000
11,566,000 275,000
33,567,000 40
18,165,000 88,000
50,747,000 2,592,510
- £ 789,776,000 48,867,550
N3
c . 44
1374 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil,
ClassX, 1975-76.
SCHEDULE ( B) .-PART 13
CIVIL. -CLASS X
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
Education and Science on schools, the
University Grants Committee, univer-
ties and certain other institutions ,
further education, teacher training and
student awards, including grants in aid
and a subscription to an international
organisation ( including a Supplement-
ary sum of £51,064,000) --
2. For expenditure by the Scottish
Education Department on schools,
higher and further education, libraries ,
miscellaneous educational services,
research and administration, sport,
and certain grants in aid --
3. For grants in aid to the British Library
and certain other institutions-
4. For the expenditure of the National
Library of Scotland, including a pur-
chase grant in aid-
5. For grants in aid of the National Library
ofWales and the National Museum of
Wales and a grant to the Council of
Museums in Wales --
6. For expenditure by the Department of
Education and Science on miscellane-
ous educational services, research and
administration, including grants in aid
and international subscriptions
7. For grants in aid of the Social Science
Research Council including a sub-
scription to an international organ-
isation-
8. 851,286,000 933,000
70,898,000 46,200
14,590,000
692,000 5,500
3,035,000
22,031,000 1,109,000
8,719,000-
For grants in aid of the Science Research
Council including subscriptions to
certain international organisations- 96,363,000
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1375
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 13 -continued
Civil ,
Class X,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
9. For a grant in aid of the Natural
Environment Research Council 19,182,000
10. For grants in aid ofthe Medical Research
Council including subscriptions to
certain international organisations- 28,922,000-
11. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural
Research Council- 13,121,000
-
12. For the expenditure of the British
Museum ( Natural History), including
a purchase grant in aid (including a
Supplementary sum of £612,000)- 3,377,000
13. For a grant in aid of the Royal Society
1,733,000
14. For the expenditure of the British
Museum including a purchase grant in
aid (including a Supplementary sum of
£125,000)
-
4,190,000-
15. For the expenditure of the Science
Museum including purchase grants in
aid 2,001,000-
16. For the expenditure of the Victoria and
Albert Museum including purchase
grants in aid-
3,229,000
17. For the expenditure of the Imperial War
Museum including a purchase grant
inaid
908,000
18. For the expenditure of the London
Museum including a purchase grant in
aid(including a Supplementary sum of
£ 8,000) -
67,000
19. For the expenditure of the National
Gallery , including a purchase grant in
aid
1,778,000
20. For the expenditure of the National
Maritime Museum, including a pur-
chase grant in aid-
21. For the expenditure of the National
Portrait Gallery including purchase
grants in aid 540,000
1,240,000-
N4
c . 44
1376 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class X, 1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 13 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
22. For the expenditure of the Tate Gallery
including a purchase grant in aid-
23. For the expenditure of the Wallace
Collection-
24. For the expenditure of the National
Gallery of Scotland, the Scottish
National Gallery of Modern Art and
the Scottish National Portrait Gallery.
including purchase grants in aid
(including a Supplementary sum of
£1,000) -
25. For the expenditure of the National
Museum of Antiquities of Scotland,
including a purchase grant in aid
26. For expenditure by the Scottish Educa-
tion Department on the Royal Scot-
tish Museum and certain grants for the
arts including purchase grants in aid
27. For grants in aid to the Arts Council and
certain other institutions and for
other grants for the Arts -
-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS X
1,714,000
250,000
740,000
233,000
1,172,000
31,411,000
- - £ 1,183,422,000 2,093,700
c . 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1377
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 14
CIVIL. -CLASS XI
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil,
Class XI,
1975-76.
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on the
provision of services under the
National Health Service in England,
on other health and personal social
services including certain services in
relation to Wales, and on research,
services for the disabled, welfare food
and certain other services; including
grants in aid and international sub-
scriptions (including a Supplementary
sum of £310,075,000) 3,644,235,000 400,977,820
2. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on the pro-
vision of services under the National
Health Service in Scotland, on other
health services and on research, ser-
vices for thedisabled, welfare food and
certain other services (including a
Supplementary sum of £ 44,530,000) - 511,912,000
39,308,010
3. For expenditure by the Scottish Educa-
tion Department in connection with
social work and the urban programme.
5,454,000
9,000
4. For expenditure by the Welsh Office on
the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Wales , on
other health and personal social ser-
vices, and on research, services for the
disabled, welfare food and certain
other services (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £17,735,000)-
226,019,000 20,342,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XI- - £ 4,387,620,000 460,636,830
c . 44
1378 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class XII,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 15
CIVIL. -CLASS XII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For sums payable out of the Con-
solidated Fund to the National Insur-
ance Fund-
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on pen-
sions, &c, for disablement or death
arising out of war or service in the
Armed Forces after 2 September 1939
and on certain associated services, on
attendance allowances, old persons'
retirement pensions, non-contributory
invalidity pensions and mobility al-
lowances, &c (including a Supplemen-
tary sum of £56,400,000)-
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on supple-
mentary pensions and allowances and
lump sum payments for pensioners,
& c, and repayments to Local
Authorities
4. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on family
allowances and family income supple-
ments
1,042,000,000
410,258,000 42,000
1,049,001,000 147,000,000
548,918,000 82,000
5. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on admini-
stration, certain Selective Employ-
ment Refunds, selective butter subsidy
and certain other services including an
international subscription (including
a Supplementary sum of £24,800,000) 174,697,000 185,803,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XII- - £3,224,874,000 332,927,000
c .44
Appropriation Act 1975 1379
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 16
CIVIL. -CLASS XIII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil ,
Class XIII,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
1. For the expenditure of the House of
Lords-
2. For the expenditure of the House of
Commons, including a grant in aid
(including a Supplementary sum of
£204,000)-
3. For the expenditure of the Department
of Her Majesty's Most Honourable
Privy Council, including the admini-
stration of the grant authorised under
section 3 of the Referendum Act 1975
( including a Supplementary sum of
£289,000)
4. For expenditure by the Treasury on the
management of the economy, the
Paymaster General's Office and certain
other services including grants in aid
to certain Parliamentary bodies and
others (including a Supplementary
sum of £3,500,000)
5. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Comptroller and Auditor
General
6. For expenditure by the Customs and
Excise Department including the
expenses of Value Added Tax
Tribunals and an international sub-
scription (including a Supplementary
sum of £25,270,000)
7. For the expenditure of the Inland
Revenue Department (including a
Supplementary sum of £50,740,000) -
8. For expenditure by the Department of
the Environment in connection with
driver and motor vehicle registration
and licensing and the collection of
revenue -
1,309,000 24,000
9,196,000 55,000
523,000 2,000
32,005,000 1,664,000
2,470,000 470,000
130,738,000 3,665,000
279,841,000 10,395,000
35,935,000 433,000
c . 44
1380 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class XIII,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 16 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
9. For the expenditure of the National
Debt Office and Pensions Commuta-
tion Board 1,000 271,000
10. 11. For the expenditure of the Public Works
Loan Commission- 1,000 155,000
For the expenditure of the Department
for National Savings (including a
Supplementary sum of £4,110,000)
- 34,375,000 38,564,000
12. For the expenditure by the Civil Service
Department on the central manage-
ment of the civil service, on Royal
Commissions, Committees, special
enquiries, the Office of the Parliament-
ary Counsel, and certain other services ,
including grants in aid to the Govern-
ment Hospitality Fund and other
bodies (including a Supplementary
sum of £2,338,000) -
19,685,000 752,000
13. For the expenditure ofthe Public Record
Office-
1,050,000 200,000
14. For the expenditure of the Scottish
Record Office including grants in aid -
347,000 59,000
15. For the expenditure of the Office of
Population Censuses and Surveys,
including a grant in aid-
8,938,000 2,305,000
16. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Registrar General of Births,
Deaths and Marriages in Scotland
- 1,190,000 233,000
17. For the expenditure of the Land Registry
(including a Supplementary sum of
£845,000)
846,000 18,500,000
18. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Registers of Scotland
1,000 1,135,000
19. For the expenditure of the Charity
Commission for England and Wales
(including a Supplementary sum of
£242,000) 1,395,000 200
20. For expenditure by the Ordnance Survey
on the survey of Great Britain and
other mapping services ( including a
Supplementary sum of £2,654,000) 14,706,000 7,360,000
Appropriation Act 1975 c . 44 1381
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 16 -continued
Civil ,
Class XIII,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
Vote
21. For the expenditure of the Cabinet
Office including the salary of the
Chancellor ofthe Duchy of Lancaster,
expenses of the Referendum on the
European Economic Community, and
subscriptions to international organ-
isations (including a Supplementary
sum of £674,000)-
4,055,000 35,860
22. For expenditure by the Scottish Office
on central administration (including a
Supplementary sum of £5,500,000)
- 32,319,000 980,000
23. For the expenditure by the Welsh Office
on central administration (including a
Supplementary sum of £914,000)
24. For expenditure by the Home Office on
grants to the British Broadcasting
Corporation for home broadcasting,
and civil defence, central administra-
tion, wireless telegraphy and sundry
other services-
25. For the expenditure of the Office of the
Parliamentary Commissioner for Ad-
ministration and the Health Service
Commissioners for England, Scotland
and Wales (includinga Supplementary
sum of £95,000)
26. For the expenditure ofthe Office of the
Public Trustee-
27. For charges in connection with land
purchases in Northern Ireland, and
the expenses of management of
guaranteed stocks and bonds issued
for the purpose of Irish land purchases
28. For transitional payments to certain
charities
29. To repay to the Contingencies Fund cer-
tain miscellaneous advances
-
6,361,000 672,000
235,318,000 771,000
563,000
1,000 1,761,000
295,000 100
3,000,000
182,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XIII
-£ 856,646,000 90,462,160
c . 44
1382 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil,
Class XIV,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 17
CIVIL. -CLASS XIV
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Property Ser-
vicesAgency of the Department of the
Environment on public building work
and accommodation services , &c, for
civil purposes in the United Kingdom,
transport services and sundry other
services (including a Supplementary
sum of £1,000)
2. For expenditure incurred by the Supplies
Division of the Property Services
Agency on the purchase of furniture,
equipment and other supplies , opera-
tion of stores, transport and asso-
ciated services including workshops
and garages, &c
3. For the expenditure of Her Majesty's
Stationery Office on the procurement
and production of stationery and
printing, onpublishing, and on certain
other services
4. For expenditure by the Central Com-
puter Agency (Civil Service Depart-
ment) in connection with computers
and general telecommunications in-
cluding an international subscription.
5. For expenditure by the Central Office
ofInformation on home and overseas
publicity ( including a Supplementary
sum of £3,972,000) .
6. For expenditure by the Assistant Pay-
master General on the superannuation
of civil servants, pensions, &c . , in
respect of former members of the
Royal Irish Constabulary and other
pensions and non- recurrent payments ;
and for certain other services-
313,070,000 60,478,010
1,000-
73,335,000 59,306,000
34,036,000 17,412,000
23,027,000 4,923,000
231,670,000 38,200,000
Appropriation Act 1975 c .44 1383
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 17 -continued
Civil,
Class XIV,
1975-76.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
7. For the expenditure of the Rating of
Government Property Department ;
for rates and contributions in lieu of
rates for property occupied by the
Crown andpremises occupied by rep-
resentatives of Commonwealth and
foreign countries and international
organisations ; and for certain sewer-
age, &c. , charges (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £32,240,000)-
8. 9. For the expenditure of the Department
of the Government Actuary (including
a Supplementary sum of £36,000)
For the expenditure of the Civil Service
Catering Organisation (Civil Service
Department) in connection with the
provision of catering services
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XIV
118,740,000
8,890,000
247,000 184,000
1,346,000 6,316,000
-£ 795,472,000 195,709,010
c . 44
1384 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class XV,
1975-76 .
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 18
CIVIL. -CLASS XV
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria-
tions inAid
£
£
Vote
1. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
certain services in Northern Ireland,
includingpriceguarantees, production
grants and subsidies, grants and loans
for capital and other improvements,
support for agriculture in special
areas, educational and livestock ser-
vices, food services and assistance to
marketing, land management, special
assistance to agriculture in Northern
Ireland, assistance to the fishing
industry and administration by the
Department of Agriculture for North-
ern Ireland-
2. For expenditure by the Northern Ireland
Office on Court Services , Crown
prosecutions, legal aid, Commis-
sioners and Appeal Tribunal and other
services related to crime, compensa-
tion for criminal injuries, prisons,
probation and after-care, young
offenders , police, home defence, cen-
tral and miscellaneous services , accom-
modation services in respect of prisons
and courts and legal services for
Government departments including
grants in aid-
3. For expenditure on the Supreme Court
of Judicature and Court of Crim-
inal Appeal of Northern Ireland
and on certain other legal services in
Northern Ireland (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £80,000) -
4. For expenditure by the Northern Ireland
Office on election expenses, central
administration and transfers to the
Northern Ireland Consolidated Fund,
including grants in aid, expenses of
the Referendum on the European
Economic Community; and accom-
modation services in respect of the
Department's Offices in Northern
Ireland- -
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XV 31,772,000 270,530
133,409,000 161,000
349,000 107,000
203,173,000 4,259,100
368,703,000 4,797,630
- £
C. 44
Appropriation Act 1975 1385
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 19
CIVIL. -CLASS XVII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1976, viz.:-
Civil,
Class XVII,
1975-76.
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For rate support grants to local authori-
ties in England andWales, for National
Parks supplementary grants to County
Councils, and for supplementary
grants for transport purposes to
County Councils and the Greater
London Council (including a Supple-
mentary sum of £231,000,000) -
5,188,336,000
-
2. For rate support grants, equalisation
grants and rate rebates grants to local
authorities in Scotland (including a
Supplementary sum of £34,640,000)
717,774,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Education and Science on super-
annuation allowances and gratuities,
&c. , in respect of teachers, and the
widows , children and dependants of
deceased teachers
1,000 194,000,000
4. For the expenditure by the Scottish
Home and Health Department on
superannuation allowances and gratu-
ities, &c. , in respect of teachers , and
the widows and dependants of de-
ceased teachers
1,000 30,725,000
5. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on pen-
sions , allowances, gratuities , &c. , to
or in respect of persons engaged in
health services or in other approved
employment-
1,000 111,018,000
6. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on pensions,
allowances , gratuities , &c. , to or in
respect of persons engaged in health
services or in other approved em-
ployment 1,000 15,169,000
c . 44
1386 Appropriation Act 1975
Civil ,
Class XVII ,
1975-76.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 19-continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
7. For payment ofpensions, &c. , to persons
who contributed to the Authority's
Superannuation Schemes and other
related expenditure -
8. For payment to the Trustees of the Post
Office Pensions Fund in respect of
former civil servants
9. For the salaries and expenses of the
Crown Estate Office ( including a
Supplementary sum of £ 123,000)
10. For transitional relief under the Finance
Acts 1965 and 1972 for companies
with an overseas source of trading
income-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XVII
1,000 5,027,000
45,000,000
625,000
23,000,000
- £ 5,974,740,000 355,939,000
Appropriation Act 1975 1387
c .44
SCHEDULE (C) Section 3 .
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title
1972 с. 78...
1973 с. 1
1973 с. 10
... Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act 1972 .
Consolidated Fund Act 1973 .
Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act 1973 .
1973 с. 40... Appropriation Act 1973.
с . 45 1389



Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 45
An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and
to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the
Public Revenue, and to make further provision in
connection with Finance. [1st August 1975 ]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
W TE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to
defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition
to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give
and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter
mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty
that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most
Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the
Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present
Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as
follows : -
PART I
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE
Miscellaneous
1.-( 1 ) The rate of the duty of excise chargeable under Increase of
section 1 of the Finance Act 1964 on British spirits by virtue duties on
of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1973 and section 1 ( 1) of the spirits, beer ,
Finance Act 1974 shall be increased by £5-0800 per proof gallon.wine, British
wine and
( 2) The rates of the duties of customs chargeable under tobacco.
section 1 of the Finance Act 1964 on imported spirits other than 1964 c. 49.
perfumed spirits by virtue of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1973 с. 51.
с. 30.1973, section 1 ( 2) of the Finance Act 1974 or any relevant order
shall each be increased-
( a ) in the case of spirits not comprised in paragraph (b)
below, by £5-0800 per proof gallon ; and
1390 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART I
1964 с. 49.
1973 с. 51 .
1974 с. 30.
( b) in the case of liqueurs, cordials, mixtures and other
preparations in bottle, entered in such manner as to
indicate that the strength is not to be tested, by £6-8600
per liquid gallon .
( 3) The rates of the duties of customs and excise chargeable
under section 2 of the Finance Act 1964 on beer by virtue of
Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1973, section 1( 3) of the Finance
Act 1974 or any relevant order shall each be increased-
(a) except as regards the increases mentioned in paragraph
( b) below, by £4-3200 per 36 gallons ; and
( b) as regards the increases in the rates of duty falling to be
made, in the case of beer of an original gravity exceed-
ing 1,030 degrees, for each additional degree, by
£0-1440 per 36 gallons ;
and as respects beer on which there have been paid duties of
customs or excise at the said increased rates, the rates of draw-
back allowable under the said section 2 by virtue of the said
Schedule 2, the said section 1(3) or any such order shall each be
increased by the like amount per 36 gallons.
( 4) The rates of the duties of customs chargeable under
section 3 of the Finance Act 1964 on imported wine by virtue of
Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1973, section 1 ( 4) of the Finance
Act 1974 or any relevant order shall each be increased-
(a) except as regards the additions mentioned in paragraph
( b) below, by £ 1-3300 per gallon ; and
( b) as regards the additions to the rates of duty falling to
be made, in the case of wine exceeding 42 degrees of
proof spirit, for each additional degree or fraction of
a degree, by £0-0550 per gallon .
For the purposes of this subsection " wine " includes the lees
of wine.
(5) The rates of the duty of excise chargeable under section 3
of the Finance Act 1964 on British wine by virtue of Schedule 4
to the Finance Act 1973 and section 1(5) of the Finance Act
1974 shall each be increased by £1.3300 per gallon.
( 6) The rates of the duties of customs and excise chargeable
under section 4 of the Finance Act 1964 on tobacco by virtue
of Schedule 5 to the Finance Act 1973 , section 1( 6) of the
Finance Act 1974 or any relevant order shall each be increased
by £2-0500 per pound; and as respects tobacco on which there
have been paid duties of customs or excise at the said increased
rates, the rates of drawback allowable under the said section 4
by virtue of the said Schedule 5, the said section 1(6) or any such
order shall each be increased by the like amount per pound.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1391
( 7 ) In this section " relevant order " means any order made
PART I
before 16th April 1975 under subsection ( 4) of section 1 of the
Finance Act 1973 (power to alter rates of duties of customs and 1973 c. 51 .
of drawbacks) ; and the preceding provisions of this section are
without prejudice to the powers conferred on the Treasury by
that section.
(8) This section shall be deemed to have come into force on
16th April 1975 .
2.- (1 ) In section 14 of the Betting and Gaming Duties Act Gaming licence
1972 (amount of gaming licence duty) - duty.
( a) for the Table in subsection (1) there shall be substituted 1972 с. 25.
the following Table : -
TABLE
Rateable value of premises
Charge for each table
Exceeding Not exceeding
£ £ £
1,500 500
1,500 3,000 750
3,000 4,500 1,250
4,500 6,000 2,500
6,000 7,500 3,750
7,500 9,000 5,000
9,000 10,500 6,250
10,500 12,000 8,750
12,000 11,250
(b) in subsection (3), after " above " there shall be inserted
"
premises constituting or comprised in a hereditament
without a rateable value shall be treated as premises of
a rateable value not exceeding £1,500, and " , and for
“ exceeding £1,000 but not exceeding £2,500 " (which
gives the deemed rateable value of premises consisting
of or comprised in a vessel ) there shall be substituted
" exceeding £6,000 but not exceeding £7,500 ".
( 2 ) Paragraphs 18 and 19 of Schedule 2 to that Act ( duty
to be ascertained by reference to the rateable value that was or
would have been shown in the previous valuation list or roll
there mentioned instead of the value shown in the list or roll
as in force for the time being ) shall cease to have effect.
(3) This section shall have effect in relation to gaming licences
for the period beginning on 1st October 1975 or any later period.
1392 c . 45
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
PART I
Bingo duty.
1972 с. 25.
Gaming
machine
licence duties.
3.-( 1 ) In section 17( 2) of the Betting and Gaming Duties Act
1972 (amount of bingo duty) -
(a) for " 24 per cent." (in both places ) there shall be
substituted " 5 per cent. " ; and
( b) for " one thirty-ninth " there shall be substituted " one-
nineteenth ".
( 2) In paragraph 5( 2) of Schedule 3 to that Act (exemption
for small- scale amusements provided commercially)-
( a) in paragraphs (a ) and (c ), for " 5p " there shall be
substituted " 10p " ; and
( b) in paragraph (b) , for " £2.50 " there shall be substituted
£5.00 ".“
(3) In Part I of that Schedule there shall be inserted after
paragraph 6-
" Power to increase limits of exemptions
6A.-( 1) The Commissioners may by order made by
statutory instrument provide that any provision of this Part
of this Schedule which is specified in the order and which
mentions a sum shall have effect (whether as from a date
so specified or in relation to events taking place on or after
a date so specified) as if for that sum there were substituted
such larger sum as may be specified in the order .
( 2) An order under this paragraph may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order.
(3) Any statutory instrument containing an order under
this paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of the House of Commons. "
( 4) Subsection ( 1) above shall have effect as from 29th
September 1975 and subsection (2) above shall be deemed to
have had effect from the beginning of May 1975.
4.-(1) In section 23( 1) of the Betting and Gaming Duties
Act 1972 (duty on ordinary gaming machine licences)-
( a) in Table A (premises with local authority approval)
for " £75 " there shall be substituted " £50 ", and for
" £ 150 " there shall be substituted " £100 " ; and
( b) in Table B (premises without local authority approval)
for " £ 150 " there shall be substituted " £100 ", and for
" £300 " there shall be substituted " £200 " .
( 2) In section 24( b) of that Act ( duty on holiday season
licences) for " £ 15 " there shall be substituted " £7.50 " .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c. 45
1393
( 3) In paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to that Act (exemption for PART I
provision of gaming machines at pleasure fairs)-
( a) in sub - paragraph (2) (b), for " 10p " (in both places) there
shall be substituted " 15p ", and for " 25p " (in both
places) there shall be substituted " 40p " ;
( b) in sub- paragraph ( 3)(a ) and (b), for " 25p " (wherever
occurring ) there shall be substituted " 40p " ; and
66
( c ) in sub- paragraph (4) , for 10p " there shall be sub-
stituted " 15p ".
( 4 ) In Part I of that Schedule there shall be inserted after
paragraph 2-
" 2A .-(1 ) The Commissioners may by order made by
statutory instrument provide that any provision of para-
graph 2 of this Schedule which is specified in the order and
which mentions a sum shall have effect, as from a date so
specified , as if for that sum there were substituted such
larger sum as may be specified in the order .
( 2) An order under this paragraph may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order.
( 3) Any statutory instrument containing an order under
this paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of the House of Commons. "
( 5) In Part V of the Miscellaneous Transferred Excise Duties 1972 c. 11
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1972 ( gaming machine licences in (N.I.) .
Northern Ireland)-
(a) in the Table in section 44(4) (duty where rewards from
machines exceed 10p) for " £150 " there shall be sub-
stituted " £100 " , and for " £300 " there shall be
substituted " £200 " ;
( b) in the Table in section 45(3) (duty where rewards do not
exceed 10p) for " £75 there shall be substituted
" £50 " ; and
( c ) in section 45( 5) (duty on eight-month licences) for
" £15 " there shall be substituted " £7.50 " .
(6 ) Subsections ( 1 ) , (2) and (5) of this section shall have effect
in relation to licences for periods beginning at any time after
the end of September 1975 ; and subsection (3) shall be deemed
to have had effect from the beginning of May 1975 .
5.- (1 ) The Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 shall be amended as Vehicles
follows. excise duty:
Great Britain.
( 2 ) For the provisions of Part II of Schedules 1 to 5 (annual 1971 c. 10.
rates of duty) there shall be substituted the provisions set out in
Schedule 1 to this Act.
1394 c. 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART I
Vehicles
excise duty:
Northern
Ireland.
1972 с. 10
( Ν.Ι. ) .
Continuation
of powers
under Finance
Act 1961 s. 9.
1961 с. 36.
1974 с. 30.
( 3) In subsection (5) of section 16 (rates of duty for trade
licences), including that subsection as set out in paragraph 12 of
Part I of Schedule 7, for " £15 " and " £2.50 " there shall be
substituted respectively " £20 " and " £3 · 35 " .
( 4 ) In the heading of Schedule 1 and paragraph 1 of Part I
of that Schedule (annual rates of duty on certain vehicles not
exceeding 8 cwt .) for " 8 " there shall be substituted “ 84 ” .
( 5) No duty shall be chargeable in respect of tramcars used
for the conveyance of passengers and accordingly there shall be
omitted-
(a) in section 4( 1)(e) the words " not being tramcars used
for the conveyance of passengers " ;
( b ) in paragraph 1 of Part I of Schedule 2 the words " of
any description " and " in relation to carriages of that
description " .
( 6) This section, other than subsection (5), has effect in
relation to licences taken out after 15th April 1975 ; and subsec-
tion (5) has effect as from 16th April 1975.
6.- ( 1) The Vehicles (Excise) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1972
shall be amended as follows .
( 2) For the provisions of Part II of Schedules 1 to 5 (annual
rates of duty) there shall be substituted the provisions set out in
Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 3) In subsection (6) of section 16 (rates of duty for trade
licences) , including that subsection as set out in paragraph 12 of
Part I of Schedule 9, for " £15 " and " £2.50 " there shall be
substituted respectively " £20 " and " £3.35 " .
( 4 ) In the heading of Schedule 1 and paragraph 1 of Part I of
that Schedule (annual rates of duty on certain vehicles not
exceeding 8 cwt. ) for " 8 " there shall be substituted " 84 " .
(5) This section has effect in relation to licences taken out
after 15th April 1975.
7. The period after which orders of the Treasury under
section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 may not be made or continue
in force (which, by section 3 of the Finance Act 1974, was
extended until the end of August 1975) shall extend until the end
of August 1976 or such later date as Parliament may hereafter
determine.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1395
Conversion of revenue duties and related provisions taking
PART I
effect on 1st January 1976
8.- ( 1) At the end of 1975 the duties of customs on spirits, Conversion of
wine, beer, hydrocarbon oil, matches and mechanical lighters certain
and the duty of excise on British wine charged under the revenue duties
and
enactments mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) below shall cease to amendment of
be charged, but on and after 1st January 1976—
customs and
excise and
( a ) duties of excise on spirits, beer, hydrocarbon oil, other Acts in
matches and mechanical lighters shall be charged under connection
sections 9 to 13 of this Act on those goods alike where therewith.
produced or manufactured in the United Kingdom and
where imported into the United Kingdom ; and
( b) duties of excise shall be charged under sections 14 and
15 of this Act on wine and on made-wine (as defined
in those sections) produced in the United Kingdom or
imported into the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) The enactments referred to in subsection ( 1) above are
section 6( 1) of the Finance Act 1928 (mechanical lighters), sec- 1928 c. 17.
tions 1 ( 1) , 2( 1) and 3( 1) of the Finance Act 1964 (spirits, beer, 1964 c.49.
wine and British wine), section 1( 2) of the Finance Act 1973 1973 c. 51.
( matches) and section 4(1) of the Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs & 1971 c. 12.
Excise) Act 1971 .
( 3) The customs Acts and excise Acts shall have effect in
relation to an excise duty chargeable alike on goods produced
or manufactured in or imported into the United Kingdom as if
that duty were, in so far as it is chargeable on goods produced
or manufactured in the United Kingdom, a duty of excise and,
in so far as it is chargeable on goods imported into the United
Kingdom, a duty of customs .
( 4 ) Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for
supplementing the foregoing provisions of this section ; but
nothing in the amendments made by that Part shall affect the
right to any drawback or other relief under any of the enactments
amended thereby in respect of customs duty charged before the
end of 1975 .
(5) The amendments set out in Part II of that Schedule
( being amendments relating to the duties referred to in para-
graphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1 ) above) shall, on and after
1st January 1976, also have effect .
9. There shall be charged on spirits-
( a) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
( b) distilled, or manufactured by any other process whatso-
ever, in the United Kingdom,
Spirits.
1396 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART I Beer.
Hydrocarbon
oil .
1971 с. 12.
Matches.
aduty of excise at the rates shown in the following Table-
TABLE
Description of spirits
Rates of duty
( per proof gallon)
£
1. Spirits warehoused for 3 years or
more... ... ... ...
2. Spirits not warehoused or warehoused
for less than 3 years...
...
22-0900
..
22-1650
10.-( 1 ) There shall be charged on beer-
( a ) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
(b) brewed in the United Kingdom,
a duty of excise at the rate of £13.6800 for every 36 gallons,
that rate being, however, increased in the case of beer of an
original gravity exceeding 1,030 degrees, by £0-4560 for each
additional degree.
( 2 ) Drawback under sections 137 and 138 of the Act of 1952
shall, where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners
that a duty of excise charged under this section has been paid,
be allowed at the same rate as the rate at which the duty is
charged ; but as respects beer of an original gravity of less
than 1,030 degrees the amount of drawback allowable shall
not exceed the amount of the duty shown to the satisfaction of
the Commissioners to have been paid.
11. Subject to section 4( 2) of the Hydrocarbon Oil ( Customs
& Excise) Act 1971 , there shall be charged on hydrocarbon oil-
( a) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
( b) produced in the United Kingdom and delivered for
home use from a refinery or from other premises used
for the production of hydrocarbon oil or from any
bonded storage for hydrocarbon oil, not being hydro-
carbon oil chargeable with duty under paragraph (a )
above,
a duty of excise at the rate of £0-2250 a gallon .
12. There shall be charged on matches-
( a) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
( b) manufactured in the United Kingdom and sent out from
the premises of a manufacturer of matches,
a duty of excise at the rate of £0-4900 for every 7,200 matches
( and so in proportion for any less number of matches) .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1397
13.-( 1 ) There shall be charged on mechanical lighters-
PART I
(a) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
Mechanical
lighters.
( b) manufactured in the United Kingdom and sent out from
the premises of a manufacturer of mechanical lighters,
aduty of excise at the rate of £0-2000 for each lighter.
( 2) The duty chargeable under subsection ( 1) above shall
be chargeable on mechanical lighters which when so imported
or sent out are incomplete as well as on lighters which at that
time are complete.
( 3) No duty shall be chargeable under subsection ( 1) above on
a domestic gas lighter, that is to say, a mechanical lighter which
is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to be con-
tructed solely for the purposes of igniting gas for domestic use.
14.-( 1 ) There shall be charged on wine-
( a ) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
( b) produced in the United Kingdom by a person who is
required by subsection (2 ) below to be licensed to pro-
duce wine for sale,
a duty of excise at the rates shown in Schedule 4 to this Act
and the duty shall, in so far as it is chargeable on wine produced
in the United Kingdom, be charged and paid in accordance with
regulations under section 140 of the Act of 1952 ( as substituted
by paragraph 27 of Schedule 3 to this Act).
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below , a person who, on any
premises in the United Kingdom, produces wine for sale must hold
an excise licence under this subsection in respect of those
premises for that purpose and on such a licence there shall be
charged an excise duty at the rate of £5-25 per annum.
( 3) A person who, in warehouse, produces wine for sale by
rendering it sparkling in accordance with regulations under
section 16(2) of this Act need not hold an excise licence under
subsection (2) above in respect of those premises.
( 4 ) If any person who is required by subsection (2) above to
hold a licence under that subsection in respect of any premises
produces wine on those premises without being the holder of a
licence under that subsection in respect of those premises he
shall be liable to a penalty of £500 and the wine and all vessels,
utensils and materials for producing wine found in his possession
shall be liable to forfeiture.
( 5 ) In this section (and in the customs Acts and excise Acts)
" wine " means any liquor obtained from the alcoholic fer-
mentation of fresh grapes or the must of fresh grapes, whether
or not the liquor is fortified with spirits or flavoured with
aromatic extracts ; and any reference to " wine " in those Acts
in force on 1st January 1976 shall be construed accordingly.
Wine.
1398 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART I
Made - wine.
15.-( 1) There shall be charged on made-wine-
( a ) imported into the United Kingdom ; or
( b) produced in the United Kingdom by a person who is
required by subsection ( 2) below to be licensed to
produce made -wine for sale,
a duty of excise at the rates shown in Schedule 5 to this Act
and the duty shall, in so far as it is chargeable on made-wine
produced in the United Kingdom, be charged and paid in
accordance with regulations under section 140 of the Act of
1952 (as substituted by paragraph 27 of Schedule 3 to this
Act ).
( 2) Subject to subsections ( 3) and ( 4) below, a person who,
on any premises in the United Kingdom, produces made - wine
for sale must hold an excise licence under this subsection in
respect of those premises for that purpose and on such a licence
there shall be charged an excise duty at the rate of £5-25 per
annum.
( 3) A person who, in warehouse, produces made-wine for sale
by rendering it sparkling in accordance with regulations under
section 16(2) of this Act need not hold an excise licence under
subsection (2) above in respect of those premises .
( 4 ) A person need not hold an excise licence under subsection
( 2) above in respect of premises on which he produces made-wine
for sale so long as all the following conditions are satisfied in
relation to the production of made- wine by him on those premises,
that is to say-
( a) the excise duty chargeable on each alcoholic ingredient
used by him has become payable before he uses it ;
( b) the ingredients he uses do not include non- excisable
cider or black beer ;
( c ) he does not by fermentation increase the alcoholic
strength of any liquor or substance used by him ; and
( d ) hedoes not render any made-wine sparkling.
( 5 ) If any person who is required by subsection (2) above to
hold a licence under that subsection in respect of any premises
produces made-wine on those premises without being the holder
of a licence under that subsection in respect of those premises
he shall be liable to a penalty of £500 and the made- wine and all
vessels, utensils and materials for producing made -wine found in
his possession shall be liable to forfeiture.
(6 ) In this section (and in the customs Acts and excise Acts) -
" made-wine " means any liquor obtained from the alcoholic
fermentation of any substance or by mixing a liquor so
obtained or derived from a liquor so obtained with
any other liquor or substance but does not include
wine, beer, black beer, spirits or non-excisable cider ;
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1399
" non- excisable cider " means cider ( or perry) of a strength
PART I
less than 8.7 per cent. of alcohol by volume (at a
temperature of 20°C) obtained from the fermentation
of apple or pear juice without the addition at any time
of any alcoholic liquor or of any liquor or substance
which communicates colour or flavour other than such
as the Commissioners may allow as appearing to them
to be necessary to produce cider (or perry) ;
and, subject to any provision contained in Schedule 3 to this
Act, in the excise Acts in force on 1st January 1976, for the
expression " British wine " (substituted for " sweets " by section
1( 4 ) of the Finance Act 1962) wherever occurring, there shall 1962 c. 44.
be substituted the expression " made -wine ".
16.-(1) On 1st January 1976 the following provisions of Regulation of
the Act of 1952 (which regulate warehouses and warehoused warehouses
goods) , that is to say, sections 81 to 84 (except 82(3)), 86 to 89 and
warehousedand 145(1) and ( 2), shall be replaced by regulations having goods.
effect under subsection (2) of this section.
( 2) The Commissioners may by regulations regulate the
deposit, keeping, securing and treatment of goods in and the
removal of goods from warehouse and, without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing words, the regulations may include
provisions-
( a) imposing or providing for the imposition under the
regulations of conditions and restrictions subject to
which goods may be deposited in, kept in or removed
from warehouse or made available there to their owner
for any prescribed purpose ;
( b) requiring goods deposited in warehouse to be produced
to or made available for inspection by an officer on
request by him ;
( c ) permitting the carrying out on warehoused goods of
such operations (other than operations consisting of
the mixing of spirits with wine or made -wine) as may
be prescribed by or allowed under the regulations in
such manner and subject to such conditions and
restrictions as may be so prescribed or allowed ;
( d ) for determining, for the purpose of charging or securing
the payment of duty, the duties of customs or excise
and the rates thereof to be applied to warehoused
goods (other than goods falling within section 80(1) (e)
of the Act of 1952) and in that connection-
(i) for determining the time by reference to which
warehoused goods are to be classified :
1400 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART I (ii) for determining the time at which ware-
housed goods are to be treated as having been
removed from warehouse ;
(iii) for ascertaining the quantity which is to be
taken as the quantity of warehoused goods ;
and may contain such incidental or supplementary provisions
as the Commissioners think necessary or expedient for the
protection of the revenue.
(3) The regulations may make different provision for ware
houses or parts of warehouses of different descriptions or for
goods of different classes or descriptions or of the same class
or description in different circumstances .
( 4 ) The regulations may make provision about the removal
of goods from one warehouse to another or from one part of a
warehouse to another part or for treating goods remaining in a
warehouse as if, for all or any prescribed purposes of the customs
Acts or excise Acts or any charge to customs or excise duty,
they had been so removed ; and regulations about the removal
of goods may, for all or any prescribed purposes of those Acts
or any such charge, include provision for treating the goods as
having been warehoused or removed from warehouse ( where
they would not otherwise be so treated) .
(5) Regulations made by virtue of paragraph (a ) or (c) of
subsection (2) above may also provide for the forfeiture of goods
in the event of non- compliance with any condition or restric-
tion imposed by virtue of that paragraph or in the event of the
carrying out of any operation on warehoused goods which is not
by virtue of the said paragraph (c ) permitted to be carried out
in warehouse.
(6) Section 34( 1A) of the Act of 1952 (provision for deferment
of payment of duty ) shall apply to warehoused goods with the
substitution of a reference to regulations under subsection (2)
above for any reference to that section.
( 7) If any person fails to comply with any regulation made
under subsection (2) above or with any condition or restriction
imposed under a regulation so made he shall be liable to a
penalty of £ 100.
( 8) In this section " the regulations " means regulations under
subsection (2 ) above and " prescribed " means prescribed by the
regulations.
( 9) The enactments specified in Schedule 6 to this Act shall
have effect, on and after 1st January 1976, subject to the amend-
ments specified in that Schedule ( being minor amendments con-
nected with the replacement of the provisions referred to in sub-
section ( 1 ) above by regulations under this section ).
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1401
PART II
VALUE ADDED TAX AND CAR TAX
17.-( 1) Subsection ( 1) of section 9 of the Finance Act 1972 VAT: higher
shall have effect as if in its application to
rate.
1972 с. 41 .
( a) a supply which is of a description for the time being
specified in Schedule 7 to this Act or is a supply of
goods or services of a description for the time being so
specified, and
( b) the importation of goods of a description for the time
being so specified,
the rate of 25 per cent. ( " the higher rate ") were substituted for
the rate specified in it ( " the standard rate ") ; and any order
made under subsection ( 3) of that section may apply to both the
standard rate and the higher rate or to only one of them, and an
order applying to both may make the same or different provision
in respect of each.
(2) The Treasury may by order vary Schedule 7 to this Act
by adding to or deleting from it any description or by varying
any description for the time being specified in it.
( 3) In its application to orders under subsection (2) above,
section 43 of the Finance Act 1972 shall have effect as if the
orders falling within subsection (4 ) of that section (affirmative
resolution) included any order varying Schedule 7 to this Act so
as to bring any description within that Schedule.
( 4) Schedule 7 to this Act shall be interpreted in accordance
with the notes contained in it ; and accordingly the power
conferred by subsection (2) above includes power to add to,
delete or vary those notes .
(5) The descriptions of Groups in Schedule 7 to this Act
are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpreta-
tion of the descriptions of items in those Groups.
(6) In Schedule 4 to the Finance Act 1972 (Zero -rating ) , at
the end of Item 1 of Group 17 ( Clothing and Footwear) there
shall be added the words " except articles within Item 1 of
Group 6 of Schedule 7 to the Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 " .
(7 ) Section 2 of the Finance Act 1975 shall cease to have 1975 с. 7 .
effect.
(8) This section (except subsections (2) and (3) ) shall be
deemed to have come into force at the beginning of May 1975.
18.-( 1 ) Where a person makes a supply on which value VAT:
added tax is chargeable by applying, or causing to be applied, conversion of
any treatment or process to another person's goods, then if the certain goods.
goods-
( a ) are not goods to which subsection (3) below applies, but
0
1402 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART II
1972 с. 41 .
( b) become as a result of the treatment or process goods
to which that subsection applies,
the amount of the tax chargeable shall, subject to the following
provisions of this section, be determined as if the supply had
been a sale for full consideration of the goods resulting from the
treatment or process.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply where the person
to whom the supply is made-
( a) is registered under Part I of the Finance Act 1972, and
( b) gives to the person making the supply a certificate, in
such form and containing such particulars as the
Commissioners may by regulations prescribe, that the
supply is for the purpose of a business carried on or to
be carried on by him .
(3) This subsection applies to
( a) boats of a gross tonnage of 15 tons or more, aircraft
of a weight of 8,000 kilogrammes or more, and hover-
craft, if (in each case) they have been adapted, but
were not designed, for use for recreation or pleasure ;
and
( b) goods comprised in Items 1 to 3 of Group 7 of
Schedule 7 to this Act.
( 4) The Treasury may by order vary subsection (3) above by
adding to or deleting from it any description of goods or by
varying any description of goods for the time being specified in it.
( 5) The Treasury may by order make provision for securing
a reduction of the tax chargeable on supplies to which sub-
section ( 1 ) above applies in cases where-
(a) tax was previously chargeable on a supply or importation
of the goods to which the treatment or process is
applied, and
(b) such other conditions are satisfied as may be specified
in the order or as may be imposed by the Commis-
sioners in pursuance of the order .
(6 ) A person who applies or causes to be applied a treatment
or process to another person's goods shall, if the goods satisfy
the conditions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) above,
be treated for the purposes of section 5( 3) of the Finance Act
1972 as producing the resulting goods by applying the treatment
or process, whether or not he would otherwise fall to be so
treated .
( 7) In its application to orders under subsection (4 ) above,
section 43 of the Finance Act 1972 shall have effect as if the
orders falling within subsection (4) of that section (affirmative
resolutions) included any order as a result of which goods of
any description become goods to which subsection ( 3) above
applies.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1403
19.-( 1 ) In section 7 of the Finance Act 1972 (time of supply),
PART II
after subsection (6 ) there shall be inserted as subsection (6A) - VAT:
time of supply.
66 (6A ) The Commissioners may, at the request of a tax-
1972 с. 41 .
able person, by direction alter the time at which supplies
made by him (or such supplies made by him as may be
specified in the direction) are to be treated as taking place,
either-
(a) by directing those supplies to be treated as taking
place-
(i) at times or on dates determined by or by
reference to the occurring of some event
described in the direction ; or
(ii) at times or on dates determined by or by
reference to the time when some event so
described would in the ordinary course of events
occur,
the resulting times or dates being in every case
earlier than would otherwise apply ; or
(b) by directing that, notwithstanding subsections (5)
and (6) of this section, those supplies shall (to the
extent that they are not treated as taking place at
the time mentioned in subsection (4) of this section)
be treated as taking place
( i) at the beginning of the relevant working
period ( as defined in his case in and for the
purposes of the direction) ; or
(ii ) at the end of the relevant working period
(as so defined ) ".
( 2 ) In section 7( 8) of the Finance Act 1972 (Commissioners'
power to make regulations about time of supply in certain
cases), after the words 66
notwithstanding the preceding pro-
visions of this section " there shall be inserted the words " other
than subsection (6A ) " .
(3) Where there were in force immediately before 21st April
1975 arrangements between the Commissioners and any taxable
person for supplies made by him (or such supplies made by
him as were specified in the arrangements) to be treated as taking
place at times or on dates which, had subsections ( 1 ) and (2)
above been in force when the arrangements were made, could
have been provided for by a direction under subsection (6A) of
the said section 7, he shall be treated for the purposes of the said
subsection (6A) as having requested the Commissioners to give
a direction thereunder to the like effect , and the Commissioners
may give a direction (or a general direction applying to cases
of any class or description specified in the direction) accordingly.
02
1404 с .45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART II
1972 с. 41 .
VAT:
power to
alter rates .
VAT:
gaming
machines.
( 4) Where a taxable person provides a document to himself
which-
( a) purports to be a tax invoice in respect of a supply of
goods or services to him by another taxable person ;
and
(b) is in accordance with regulations under section 30 of the
Finance Act 1972 treated as the tax invoice required by
the regulations to be provided by the supplier,
section 7(5) and (6) of the Finance Act 1972 ( under which the
time of supply depends on the issue of a tax invoice by the
supplier) shall have effect in relation to that supply-
(i) as if the provision of the document to himself by the
first - mentioned taxable person were the issue by the
supplier of a tax invoice in respect of the supply ; and
(ii) as if any notice of election given or request made by the
first -mentioned taxable person for the purposes of those
provisions had been given or made by the supplier.
( 5) This section shall be deemed to have come into force on
21st April 1975.
20. In section 9( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 (which enables the
Treasury to alter the rates of value added tax by not more than
20 per cent. thereof) for " 20 " there shall be substituted " 25 " .
21.-( 1 ) Where a person plays a game of chance by means of
a gaming machine, then for the purposes of value added tax
( but without prejudice to subsection (2) below) the amount paid
by him to play shall be treated as the consideration for a supply
of services to him.
( 2) The value to be taken as the value of supplies made in the
circumstances mentioned in subsection ( 1) above in any period
shall be determined as if the consideration for the supplies were
reduced by an amount equal to the amount (if any) received
in that period by persons ( other than the person making the
supply and persons acting on his behalf ) playing successfully.
(3) The insertion of a token into a machine shall be treated for
the purposes of subsection ( 1) above as the payment of an
amount equal to that for which the token can be obtained ; and
the receipt of a token by a person playing successfully shall be
treated for the purposes of subsection (2) above-
(a ) if the token is of a kind used to play the machine, as
the receipt of an amount equal to that for which such
a token can be obtained ;
( b ) if the token is not of such a kind but can be exchanged
for money, as the receipt of an amount equal to that
for which it can be exchanged.
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1405
( 4 ) In this section- PART II
" game of chance " has the same meaning as in the Gaming 1968 c. 65.
Act 1968 ; and
" gaming machine " means a machine in respect of which
the following conditions are satisfied, namely-
(a) it is constructed or adapted for playing a game
of chance by means of it ; and
( b) a player pays to play the machine (except where
he has an opportunity to play payment-free as the
result of having previously played successfully), either
by inserting a coin or token into the machine or in
some other way ; and
( c ) the element of chance in the game is provided
by means of the machine.
( 5) This section shall come into force on 1st November 1975.
22.- (1) In section 52( 4) of the Finance Act 1972 (vehicles Car tax on
excluded from charge to car tax ) the word " caravans " shall be caravans .
omitted from paragraph (c) ; and 1972 с. 41 .
( a) at the end of paragraph (b) (heavy vehicles) there shall
be added the words " other than caravans " ; and
( b) at the end of paragraph (e ) ( special purpose vehicles)
there shall be added the words " but excluding cara-
vans ".
( 2 ) This section shall be deemed to have come into force
at the beginning of May 1975.
23.-(1 ) In Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1972 the following Repayment
paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph 7 (which provides of car tax
that car tax is not to be charged on certain unregistered vehicles on exported
which have been or are to be exported)-
vehicles .
" 7. Where the Commissioners are satisfied that a vehicle-
( a) has been exported and was not registered before it
was exported, or
( b) is to be exported under arrangements approved by
them and is not registered,
they shall remit the tax on the vehicle or, if the tax has been
paid, repay it ; but where such a vehicle is imported after
having been exported the provisions of section 52 of this Act
and this Schedule shall apply in relation to it as they
apply in relation to a vehicle made outside the United
Kingdom and not previously imported."
( 2 ) In paragraph 8 of that Schedule ( remission of tax on
vehicles acquired for export) —
( a) at the end of sub-paragraph (1) there shall be added the
words " or, if the tax has been paid and the vehicle is
unused, repay the tax " ;
03
1406 c. 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART II ( b) in sub-paragraph (2)-
(i) after the words " has been remitted " there shall
be inserted the words “ or repaid " ;
66
(ii ) for the words on granting the remission
directed " there shall be substituted the words
66
directed, as a condition of the remission or repay-
ment , " ; and
(iii) after the words " but for the remission " there
shall be inserted the words 66
or, as the case may be,
an amount of tax equal to that repaid ".
Car tax: 24. In Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1972 the following
converted and paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph 14 (converted and
adapted
adapted vehicles) -
vehicles.
1972 с. 41 .
" 14.-( 1 ) If it appears to the Commissioners that a per-
son converts or adapts chargeable vehicles and that the
vehicles so converted or adapted remain chargeable vehicles,
they may direct that the conversion or adaptation shall,
where it is of a description specified in the direction, be
treated for the purposes of the tax as the making of the
vehicles resulting from it, whether or not it would otherwise
fall to be so treated.
( 2) A person in respect of whom a direction under this
paragraph is in force shall be liable to be registered under
this Schedule, whether or not he would otherwise be so
liable.
(3) Where a direction under this paragraph is in force in
respect of any person, then, subject to such conditions as the
Commissioners think necessary for the protection of the
revenue and as are specified in the direction, -
( a ) tax shall not be charged on any unused vehicle
delivered to that person, under arrangements
approved by the Commissioners, by a person
registered under this Schedule ; and
( b) the wholesale value of any used vehicle which has
been converted or adapted shall be taken to be
reduced by an amount equal to what would have
been its wholesale value if it had not been con-
verted or adapted. "
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1407
PART III
INCOME TAX, CORPORATION TAX AND CAPITAL
GAINS TAX
CHAPTER I
GENERAL
25. Income tax for the year 1975-76 shall be charged at the Charge of
basic rate of 35 per cent.; and
income tax for
1975-76.
(a ) in respect of so much of an individual's total income as
exceeds £ 4,500 at such higher rates as are specified
in the Table below ; and
( b) in respect of so much of the investment income
included in an individual's total income as exceeds
£1,000 at the additional rates of 10 per cent. for the
first £1,000 of the excess and 15 per cent. for the
remainder ;
except that, in the case of an individual who shows that, at any
time within that year, his age or that of his wife living with
him was sixty-five years or more, income tax at the additional
rate of 10 per cent. shall not be charged in respect of the first
£500 of the excess mentioned in paragraph (b) above.
TABLE
Part of excess over £4,500
Higher rate
The first £500... ... ... 40 per cent.
The next £1,000... ... 45 per cent.
The next £ 1,000... ... 50 per cent.
The next £1,000... ... 55 per cent.
The next £2,000... ... 60 per cent.
The next £2,000... ... 65 per cent.
The next £3,000... ... 70 per cent.
The next £5,000... ... 75 per cent.
The remainder...... ... 83 per cent.
26. Corporation tax shall be charged for the financial year Charge of
1974 at the rate of 52 per cent. corporation tax
for financial
year 1974.
27.-( 1 ) The fraction by which, under section 93( 2) of the Corporation
Finance Act 1972, chargeable gains are to be reduced before tax : other
rates and
they are for the purposes of corporation tax included in the fractions.
profits of an authorised unit trust or investment trust shall, as 1972 с. 41 .
from 1st April 1974, be seventy-one one-hundred-and-fourths 1974 с. 30.
( instead of the fraction specified in section 10( 1 )(b) of the Finance
Act 1974 ) .
04
1408 c. 45
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1972 с. 41 .
(2 ) The small companies rate for the financial year 1974 shall
be 42 per cent. , and for that year the fraction mentioned in
section 95( 2) of the Finance Act 1972 (marginal relief for
small companies) shall be one-sixth.
Rate of advance
corporation tax
for financial year
1975.
28. The rate of advance corporation tax for the financial year
1975 shall be thirty- five sixty-fifths .
Relief for
29. In paragraph 5(1) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1974
interest: limit (limit on relief for interest on certain loans for purchase or
for 1975-76 .
improvement of land used as an only or main residence) the
1974 с. 30.
references to £25,000 shall have effect for the year 1975-76 as
well as for the year 1974-75 .
Alteration of
personal
reliefs.
30.-(1 ) In section 8 of the Taxes Act (personal relief ) —
( a ) for the reference in subsection ( 1) (a) (married) to £865
there shall be substituted a reference to £955 ; and
( b) for the references in subsection ( 1)(b) ( single) and (2)
( wife's earned income) to £625 there shall be sub-
stituted references to £675.
( 2 ) In section 14 of the Taxes Act (additional relief for
widows and others in respect of children) for the references to
£180 there shall be substituted references to £280.
(3) In section 18 of the Taxes Act (relief for blind persons) —
(a ) for any reference to £100 or £130 there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to £180 ; and
( b) for any reference to £200 or £260 there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to £360.
Age
allowance.
31.-( 1 ) After subsection ( 1) of section 8 of the Taxes Act
there shall be inserted the following subsections-
" ( 1A ) Subject to subsection ( 1B) below, subsection ( 1 )
above shall have effect-
( a) in relation to a claim by a person who proves that
he or his wife was at any time within the year
of assessment of the age of sixty-five or upwards,
as if the sum specified in paragraph (a ) were
£ 1,425 ; and
( b ) in relation to a claim by a person who proves that
he was at any time within the year of assessment
of the age of sixty-five or upwards, as if the sum
specified in paragraph ( b) were £950.
( 1B) Where the claimant's total income for the year of
assessment exceeds £3,000, subsection ( 1A ) above shall not
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c. 45
1409
apply except in a case where the deduction to be allowed
PART III
under subsection ( 1 ) above will be increased by virtue of
this subsection ; and in such a case shall apply as if the
sums mentioned in it were reduced by two -thirds of the
excess of that total income over £3,000. "
( 2 ) Section 7 of the Taxes Act shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In section 5 of the Taxes Act for the words " sections 7
to 21 " there shall be substituted the words " sections 8 to 21 " .
( 4 ) In section 34(3) of the Finance Act 1971 for the reference
1971 с. 68 .
to section 7 of the Taxes Act there shall be substituted a refer-
ence to section 8(1B) of that Act.
( 5 ) In paragraph 3(3) of Schedule 4 to the Finance Act 1971
for the reference to section 7 of the Taxes Act there shall be
substituted a reference to section 8(1A) of that Act.
32. For the purposes of the Income Tax Acts payments of Interim
benefit under section 16 of the Child Benefit Act 1975 ( interim benefit for unmarried
benefit for unmarried or separated parents with children ) or any or separated
corresponding provision having effect in Northern Ireland shall be parents with
deemed to be payments on account of allowances under the children .
Family Allowances Act 1965 or the Family Allowances Act 1975 с . 61 .
( Northern Ireland) 1966, as the case may be. 1965 с. 53.
1966 с. 8.
( Ν.Ι.) .
33. In section 219( 1 ) (a) of the Taxes Act (which, as amended Exemption of
by Schedule 2 to the Social Security (Consequential Provisions) non-
contributory
Act 1975, charges to income tax benefits under certain provisions invalidity
of the Social Security Act 1975 or the Social Security ( Northern pension.
Ireland) Act 1975 except unemployment benefit, sickness benefit, 1975 c. 18.
invalidity benefit, attendance allowance, maternity benefit and
1975 с. 14.
death grant) , after the words " attendance allowance " there shall
1975 с. 15.
be inserted the words " non- contributory invalidity pension, ".
34.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (9) to (11) below, this section Stock
applies to the following share capital, that is to say-
dividends.( a) any share capital issued by a company resident in the
United Kingdom in consequence of the exercise by any
person of an option conferred on him to receive in
respect of shares in the company (whether the last-
mentioned shares were issued before or after the
coming into force of this section) either a dividend in
cash or additional share capital ; and
(b) any bonus share capital issued by a company so resident
in respect of any shares in the company of a relevant
class (whether the last-mentioned shares were issued
before or after the coming into force of this section) .
1410 c. 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART III ( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1)(b) above a class of shares
is a relevant class if-
(a ) shares of that class carry the right to receive bonus share
capital in the company of the same or a different class ;
and
(b) that right is conferred by the terms on which shares of
that class were originally issued or by those terms as
subsequently extended or otherwise varied.
( 3) Where a company issues any share capital to which this
section applies in a case in which two or more persons are
entitled thereto, the following provisions of this section and
paragraph 3 of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect as if
the company had issued to each of those persons separately
a part of that share capital proportionate to his interest therein
on the due date of issue.
( 4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where a
company issues any share capital to which this section applies
in a case in which an individual is beneficially entitled to that
share capital, that individual shall be treated as having received
on the due date of issue income of an amount which, if reduced
by an amount equal to income tax thereon at the basic rate
for the year of assessment in which that date fell, would be
equal to the appropriate amount in cash ( as defined in para-
graph 1 of Schedule 8 to this Act) , and-
( a) no assessment shall be made on the individual in respect
of income tax at the basic rate on the said income
but he shall be treated as having paid tax at the basic
rate on it or, if his total income is reduced by any
deductions, on so much of the said income as is part
of his total income as so reduced ;
( b) no repayment shall be made of income tax treated by
virtue of paragraph (a) above as having been paid ;
and
( c) the said income shall be treated for the purposes of
sections 52 and 53 of the Taxes Act as not brought
into charge to income tax.
(5) Where a company issues any share capital to which this
section applies to the personal representatives of a deceased
person as such during the administration period, the amount of
income which, if the case had been one in which an individual
was beneficially entitled to that share capital, that individual
would have been treated under subsection ( 4 ) above as having
received shall be deemed for the purposes of Part XV of the
Taxes Act to be part of the aggregate income of the estate of the
deceased.
The preceding provisions of this subsection shall be construed
as if contained in Part XV of the Taxes Act ; and in section
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1411
432( 7) of that Act there shall be added at the end the words
" and section 34(5) of the Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 (stock
dividends) ".
PART III
( 6) Where a company issues any share capital to which this
section applies to trustees in respect of any shares in the com-
pany held by them ( or by them and one or more other persons)
in a case in which a dividend in cash paid to the trustees in
respect of those shares would have been to any extent income
to which section 16 of the Finance Act 1973 (charge to additional 1973 с. 51 .
rate of certain income of discretionary trusts) applies, then-
(a ) there shall be ascertained the amount of income which,
if the case had been one in which an individual was
beneficially entitled to that share capital, that individual
would have been treated under subsection ( 4 ) above as
having received ; and
( b) income of that amount shall be treated as having arisen
to the trustees on the due date of issue and as if it had
been chargeable to income tax at the basic rate ; and
( c) paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (4) above shall, with
the substitution of " income " for " total income " and
all other necessary modifications, apply to that income
as they apply to income which an individual is treated as
having received under that subsection.
In section 17(3)(b) of the Finance Act 1973 (amounts to be set
off in connection with payments under discretionary trusts) after
" above " there shall be inserted " or under section 34(6 ) of the
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 " .
( 7 ) Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect for supplement-
ing this section, which is there referred to as the principal section .
( 8) For the purposes of this section and Schedule 8 to this
Act-
( a) " bonus share capital ", in relation to a company, means
share capital issued by the company otherwise than
wholly for new consideration or such part of any share
capital so issued as is not properly referable to new
consideration ;
( b) " the due date of issue ", in relation to any share capital
issued by a company, means the earliest date on which
the company was required to issue that share capital ;
( c) an option to receive either a dividend in cash or
additional share capital is conferred on a person not
only where he is required to choose one or the other,
but also where he is offered the one subject to a right ,
however expressed, to choose the other instead, and a
1412 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III person's abandonment of, or failure to exercise, such a
right is to be treated as an exercise of the option ; and
( d ) section 237 of the Taxes Act ( supplemental provisions
about company distributions ), excluding the proviso in
subsection ( 1) and subsections ( 5 ) and (6 ), shall apply
as it applies for the purposes of Part X of the Taxes
Act.
( 9) This section shall be deemed to have come into force
on 6th April 1975, but shall not apply to
( a) any share capital issued by a company which falls with-
in subsection ( 1)(a) or ( b) above but of which the due
date of issue preceded that date ; or
( b) any share capital issued by a company in respect of
shares in the company which confer on the holder a
right to convert or exchange them into or for shares in
the company of a class which is not a relevant class
for the purposes of subsection ( 1) ( b) above where the
due date of issue of the share capital so issued precedes
the earlier of the following dates, namely-
( i ) the day next after the earliest date after
5th August 1975 on which conversion or exchange
of the shares could be effected by an exercise of that
right ; and
(ii) 6th April 1976 or, in the case of share capital
issued by an investment trust (within the meaning
of Chapter VI of Part XII of the Taxes Act ) , 6th
April 1977 .
( 10) Where, in a case within subsection ( 4) above, the share
capital in question is issued in respect of shares in the company
issued before 6th April 1975 which confer on the holder a right
to convert or exchange them into or for shares in the company
of a different class, this section shall not apply to so much (if
any) of any bonus share capital issued by the company after
5th April 1976 in connection with an exercise of that right as
would have been issued if that right had been exercised so as
to effect the conversion or exchange of the shares on the earliest
possible date after 5th April 1975 ; and subsections (5) and (6)
above shall, where applicable, have effect accordingly.
( 11) Where any bonus share capital falling within subsection
( 1 ) (b) above (whether issued before or after the coming into force
of this section) is after 5th April 1975 converted into or
exchanged for shares in the company in question of a different
class, then-
( a) this section shall not apply to any shares in the company
issued, in connection with the conversion or exchange,
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1413
in consideration of the cancellation, extinguishment or
acquisition by the company of that bonus share
capital ; but
( b) sub-paragraphs ( a) and (b) of paragraph 6 of Schedule 8
to this Act shall apply to any shares in the company
issued, in connection with the conversion
or
exchange, in consideration of the cancellation, extin-
guishment or acquisition by the company of so much
of that bonus share capital as caused an individual to
be treated under subsection (4) above as having
received an amount of income on the due date of issue
(or would have done so if the case had been one in
which an individual was beneficially entitled to that
share capital) .
PART III
35.-( 1 ) Where a person incurs expense in or in connection Benefits in
with the provision for any employee, by reason of his kind:
insurance
employment, of insurance against the cost of medical treatment against cost
in circumstances such that section 196( 1) of the Taxes Act of medical
( benefits in kind to be taken into account ) would not, apart treatment.
from this section, apply to the expense (whether because of the
rate of the employee's emoluments or for any other reason ) ,
then, irrespective of the rate of those emoluments, Chapter II
of Part VIII of the Taxes Act (expenses allowances to directors
and others) shall have effect in relation to the expense as if-
( a ) the employee (if not so employed) were employed by
the person incurring the expense in an employment to
which that Chapter applies ; and
( b) section 201 (exclusion of charities and non-trading
bodies) were omitted.
(2) Where expense in or in connection with the provision of
insurance against the cost of medical treatment is incurred by a
person in respect of two or more employees as members of a
group or class, then, for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above and
of Chapter II of Part VIII of the Taxes Act in its application
( whether or not by virtue of that subsection ) to that expense ,
the expense incurred in respect of any one of those employees
shall be taken to be such part of that expense as is just and
reasonable.
(3) Notwithstanding anything in this section or Chapter II of
Part VIII of the Taxes Act, that Chapter shall not apply in
relation to expense incurred wholly in or in connection with
the provision for an employee of insurance against the cost of
medical treatment outside the United Kingdom the need for which
arises while he is outside the United Kingdom for the purpose of
performing the duties of his employment.
1414 c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) " employee " means the holder of any office or employ-
ment such that any emoluments thereof would fall to
be assessed under Schedule E, and related expressions
shall be construed accordingly ;
(b) medical treatment includes all forms of treatment for,
and all procedures for diagnosing, any physical or
mental ailment, infirmity or defect, and the cost of
medical treatment includes the cost of being an in-
patient, whether or not in a private room, for the
purpose of medical treatment ;
( c) any such provision as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
above which is made for an employee by his employer
shall be deemed to be made for the employee by
reason of his employment ; and
( d ) any reference to the provision of insurance for an
employee includes a reference to the provision of it
for the spouse or family of that employee.
(5) This section has effect for the year 1976-77 and subsequent
years of assessment.
Benefits in
36.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, where a voucher
kind : vouchers provided for an employee by reason of his employment is received
other than
cash vouchers. by the employee, then, for the purposes of the Income Tax
Acts-
( a ) he shall be treated as having received in the relevant
year of assessment an emolument from his employment
of an amount equal to the expense incurred by the
person providing the voucher in or in connection with
the provision of the voucher and the money, goods or
services for which it is capable of being exchanged ;
and
(b) any money, goods or services obtained by the employee
or any other person in exchange for the voucher shall
be disregarded.
For the purposes of this subsection the relevant year of assess-
ment, in relation to a voucher, is the one in which the said
expense is incurred by the person providing the voucher or, if
different and later, the one in which the voucher is received by
the employee.
(2) Where a voucher provided for an employee by reason of
his employment is exchanged by him for goods or services such
that, if he had purchased those goods or services for money, the
money expended by him would have qualified for relief under
section 189 of the Taxes Act (relief for necessary expenses),
subsection ( 1 ) above shall not apply in relation to that voucher.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1415
(3) Where a voucher provided for an employee by reason of
PART III
his employment is appropriated to him ( whether by attaching it
to a card held for him or in any other way), subsection ( 1 ) above
shall have effect as if the employee had received the voucher
at the time when it was so appropriated.
( 4 ) In this section " voucher " does not include a cash voucher
within the meaning of section 37 of this Act but, subject to that,
means any voucher, stamp or similar document capable of being
exchanged (whether singly or together with other such vouchers ,
stamps or documents, and whether immediately or only after a
time ) for money, goods or services (or for any combination of
two or more of those things) .
( 5) For the purposes of this section-
(a) " employee " and related expressions have the meaning
given by section 35( 4) (a) of this Act ;
(b) where a person incurs expense in or in connection with
the provision by him of vouchers for two or more
employees as members of a group or class, the expense
incurred in respect of any one of them shall be taken
to be such part of that expense as is just and reasonable ;
( c) a voucher provided for an employee by his employer
shall be deemed to be provided for him by reason of
his employment ; and
(d ) any reference to a voucher being provided for or
received by an employee includes a reference to it being
provided for or received by the spouse or family of
that employee.
(6 ) This section has effect for the year 1976-77 and subsequent
years of assessment.
37.-( 1 ) Where a cash voucher provided for an employee by Benefits in
reason of his employment is received by the employee, then, kind: cash
subject to subsection (5) below, for the purposes of the Income vouchers to be
taxed underTax Acts (and in particular section 204( 1) of the Taxes Act (pay P.A.Y.E.
as you earn) ) —
( a ) he shall be treated as being paid by his employer, at the
time when he receives the voucher, an emolument of his
employment of an amount equal to the sum of money
for which the voucher is capable of being exchanged as
mentioned in subsection (3) below ; and
( b) any money obtained by the employee or any other
person in exchange for the voucher shall be disregarded.
(2) Where a cash voucher provided for an employee by reason
of his employment is appropriated to him ( whether by attaching
it to a card held for him or in any other way) , subsection ( 1 )
above and subsection (5) below shall have effect as if the employee
had received the voucher at the time when it was so appropriated.
1416 с . 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART III
Workers
supplied by
agencies .
( 3) In this section " cash voucher " (subject to subsection (4)
below) means any voucher, stamp or similar document capable
of being exchanged (whether singly or together with other such
vouchers , stamps or documents, and whether immediately or
only after a time) for a sum of money greater than, equal to or
not substantially less than the expense incurred in providing the
voucher by the person who provides it ( whether or not it is also
capable of being exchanged for goods or services), except that it
does not include-
( a) any document intended to enable a person to obtain
payment of the sum mentioned in the document, being
a sum which if paid to him directly would not have
been chargeable to income tax under Schedule E ; or
(b) a savings certificate the accumulated interest payable in
respect of which is exempt from tax (or would be so
exempt if certain conditions were satisfied) .
( 4 ) Where a voucher, stamp or similar document is capable of
being exchanged ( as aforesaid ) for a sum of money substantially
less than the expense incurred in providing the voucher by the
person who provides it , and the difference or part of the
difference represents the cost to that person of providing benefits
in connection with sickness, personal injury or death, then in
determining whether the voucher, stamp or document is a cash
voucher within the meaning of this section the expense incurred
by him in providing it shall be treated as reduced by that
difference or part .
(5) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to a cash voucher
received by an employee if , at the time when the voucher is
received, the scheme under which it was issued is a scheme
approved by the Board for the purposes of this subsection ; and
the Board shall not approve a scheme for those purposes unless
satisfied that it is practicable for income tax to be deducted in
accordance with regulations under section 204 of the Taxes Act
from all payments made in exchange for vouchers issued under
the scheme.
(6) Subsection (5) (a) , (c) and ( d ) and subsection (6) of section
36 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section ( the
references in the said subsection (5)(c) and (d ) to a voucher
being for this purpose read as references to a cash voucher) .
38.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, where-
"
(a) an individual ( in this section called the worker ")
renders or is under an obligation to render personal
services to another person (in this section called " the
client ") and is subject to, or to the right of, super-
vision, direction or control as to the manner in which
he renders those services ; and
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 с. 45
1417
(b) the worker is supplied to the client by or through a
third person (in this section called " the agency ") , and
renders or is under an obligation to render those
services under the terms of a contract between the
worker and the agency (in this section called " the
relevant contract ") ; and
( c ) remuneration receivable under or in consequence of that
contract would not, apart from this section, be charge
able to income tax under Schedule E,
then, for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts, the services
which the worker renders or is under an obligation to render to
the client under that contract shall be treated as if they were
the duties of an office or employment held by the worker, and
all remuneration receivable under or in consequence of that
contract shall be treated as emoluments of that office or employ-
ment and shall be assessable to income tax under Schedule E
accordingly.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) ( b) above includes cases in which the third
person is an unincorporated body of which the worker is a
member.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) above shall apply whether or not the
worker renders or is under an obligation to render the services
in question as a partner in a firm or member of an unincor-
porated body ; and where, in any case in which that subsection
applies, the worker is a partner in a firm or a member of such
a body, remuneration receivable under or in consequence of the
relevant contract shall be treated for all the purposes of the
Income Tax Acts as income of the worker and not as income of
the firm or body.
( 4) For the purposes of this section any remuneration which
the client pays or provides by reason of the worker being a
person who renders or is under an obligation to render the
services in question shall be treated as receivable in consequence
of the relevant contract.
(5 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply-
(a) if the services in question are services as an actor, singer,
musician or other entertainer or as a fashion, photo-
graphic or artist's model ; or
( b) if the services in question are rendered wholly in the
worker's own home or at other premises which are
neither under the control or management of the client
nor premises at which the worker is required, by
reason of the nature of the services, to render them ; or
(c) if in rendering the services the worker is or would be a
sub-contractor within the meaning of section 69(2) of
this Act.
PART III
1418 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III 1970 с. 9.
(6) Where an individual enters into arrangements with another
person with a view to the rendering of personal services by the
individual, being arrangements such that, if and when he renders
any such services as a result of the arrangements, those services
will be treated under subsection ( 1) above as if they were the
duties of an office or employment held by him, then for all
purposes of the Income Tax Acts any remuneration receivable
under or in consequence of the arrangements shall be treated
as emoluments of an office or employment held by the individual
and shall be assessable to income tax under Schedule E
accordingly.
(7 ) Where-
(a) any services which an individual renders or is under an
obligation to render under a contract are treated under
subsection ( 1) above as the duties of an office or
employment held by him ; or
(b) any remuneration receivable under or in consequence of
arrangements to which subsection (6 ) above applies is
treated under that subsection as emoluments of an
office or employment held by an individual,
section 15 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( return of
employees etc.) shall apply as if that individual were employed-
( i) in a case within paragraph (a ) above, by the person or
each of the persons from whom he receives any
remuneration under or in consequence of the contract ;
and
(ii ) in a case within paragraph (b) above, by the other party
to the arrangements ,
and section 16 of that Act (return of payments made to persons
other than employees) shall not apply to any payments made
to that individual under or in consequence of that contract or
under those arrangements .
( 8) In this section " remuneration ", in relation to an indi-
vidual, does not include anything in respect of which he would
not have been chargeable to tax under Schedule E if it had
been receivable in connection with an office or employment held
by him but, subject to that, includes every form of payment and
all perquisites, benefits and profits whatsoever.
(9) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect
for the year 1976-77 and subsequent years of assessment.
(10) In assessing to income tax under Case I or Case II of
Schedule D any profits or gains arising or accruing in the year
1975-76 or any earlier year of assessment from any trade,
profession or vocation not permanently discontinued before
6th April 1976, being profits or gains which, if subsections ( 1)
to (8) above had had effect for that year, would have been
assessable to tax under Schedule E, the trade, profession or
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 с . 45
1419
vocation shall be treated for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as having been permanently discontinued on 5th April
1976:
Provided that where only part of those profits or gains would,
if those subsections had had effect for that year, have been
assessable to tax under Schedule E, that part shall be treated as
arising or accruing from a separate trade, profession or vocation,
and only that separate trade, profession or vocation shall be
treated under this subsection as having been permanently
discontinued as aforesaid.
PART III
39. Section 29 of the Finance Act 1971 (which requires Increase in
deductions to be
deductions to be made from payments to certain sub-contractors made from
payments to sub-
in the construction industry) shall have effect in relation to pay- contractors in
ments made on or after 1st September 1975 with the substitution industry.
the construction
in subsection ( 4 ) (amount of deduction ) for " 30 per cent. " of 1971 c. 68.
" 35 per cent. " .
40. At the beginning of sub-paragraph ( 1) of paragraph 19 Amendment
of Schedule 2 to the Finance Act 1975 there shall be inserted of Finance Act 1975,
the words " Subject to sub-paragraph (1A ) below " and after that Schedule 2 ,
sub-paragraph there shall be inserted the following sub- paragraph 19.
paragraph :
1975 с. 7.
" ( 1A ) Except where the deficiency mentioned in sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above occurs in connection with a contract
for a life annuity made after 26th March 1974, the deduction
allowable under that sub- paragraph shall be made only for
the purpose of ascertaining the individual's excess liability,
that is to say, the excess (if any) of his liability to income
tax over what it would be if all income tax were chargeable
at the basic rate to the exclusion of any other rate. ".
41. In relation to interest paid or income arising after Securities
29th April 1975 section 76( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 bought with
( securities bought with borrowed money where borrower is a
borrowed
close company which is not a trading company ) shall have effect money.
with the omission of the words " which is not a trading 1972 c. 41 .
company " and with the addition, at the end, of the following
proviso-
" Provided that subsection (2) above shall not by virtue
of this subsection apply-
(a ) in the case of a debt or liability incurred by a close
company in connection with the acquisition by it
of any securities, or an interest in any securities,
if the proceeds accruing to the company from the
redemption of the securities, or from a disposal of
them or of the interest in them are treated as a
receipt of its trade ; or
1420 с. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
( b) in the case of a debt or liability incurred by a close
company in connection with the acquisition by it
of Treasury Bills . "
Insurance
42.- ( 1 ) The provisions of this section apply to any insurance
companies:
company which carries on or has carried on long term business,
effect for tax
and shall have effect for all purposes of the Corporation Tax Acts.
purposes of identification
(2) A profit or loss shall not be taken to have arisen in respect
or exchange
of long term
of any asset of the company by reason only that-
assets .
( a) the asset has at any time on or after the base date been
1974 с. 49.
identified under arrangements made for the purposes of
section 23(3) of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 as
attributable to the company's long term business ; or
(b) the asset is not among the assets of the company which
have at any time on or after that date been identified
under those arrangements as so attributable.
( 3) Subject to subsection (5) below, a profit or loss shall not
be taken to arise in respect of any asset of the company by reason
only that at any time after the base date the asset was or is
exchanged for other assets of the company so as to become or
cease to be part of the long term assets .
( 4) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) below, if an asset of the company
which has at any time after 29th April 1975 been exchanged as
mentioned in subsection (3) above is-
(a ) within the period of one year beginning with the date of
that exchange ( " the relevant exchange ") exchanged
again for other assets of the company so as to cease to
be or, as the case may be, become part of the long term
assets ; or
(b) within the period of six months beginning with the date
of the relevant exchange disposed of by the company,
then any income arising in respect of the asset after the relevant
exchange, and any profit, gain or loss accruing to the company
on a disposal of the asset made after the relevant exchange, shall
be treated as if the relevant exchange had not taken place.
(5) If an insurance company to which this section applies by
notice in writing given to the inspector so elects, then, where in
the relevant period any relevant asset of the company was or is
exchanged as mentioned in subsection (3) above-
( a) that subsection shall not apply in relation to that asset
as regards that exchange ; and
( b ) the company shall be treated as if the asset had been
disposed of at market value by the company at the time
of the exchange.
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1421
In this and the following subsection-
" the relevant period ", in relation to a notice under this
subsection, means the period of six years from the end
of the accounting period of the company in which
the notice is given or, if the notice is given within one
year after the passing of this Act and so requires, the
period beginning with the day after the base date and
ending six years after the end of the accounting period
of the company in which the day after the base date
fell ;
" relevant asset ", in relation to an insurance company,
means an asset of the company such that, if it were
sold, the proceeds would be taken into account in any
computation of profits of the company in accordance
with the provisions of the Taxes Act applicable to Case
I of Schedule D.
(6) Where an insurance company has given a notice under
subsection (5) above, subsection (4 ) above shall, as regards
relevant assets disposed of by the company in the relevant
period, have effect as if paragraph (b) and the reference to any
profit , gain or loss accruing to the company on a disposal made
after the relevant exchange were omitted.
( 7 ) If at any time after the base date an insurance company
to which this section applies disposed or disposes of an asset
which-
(a) was or is part of the long term assets at the time of the
disposal, but without having been continuously part of
those assets since its acquisition by the company ; or
(b) was or is not part of the long term assets at the time of
the disposal, but without having been continuously not
part of those assets since its acquisition by the company,
the asset shall be treated, in a case falling within paragraph (a)
above, as if it had been continuously part of the long term assets
from the time of its acquisition by the company to the time of the
disposal, or, in a case falling within paragraph (b) above, as if it
had been continuously not part of the long term assets from the
time of its acquisition by the company to the time of its disposal ;
and if the disposal is one as respects which subsection (4) above
applies, this subsection shall apply as if the relevant exchange
( within the meaning of that subsection) had not taken place.
( 8) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, if-
( a) an insurance company to which this section applies
disposes of an asset which, since its acquisition by the
company, has on one or more occasions (whether after
the base date or not) been exchanged for other assets
of the company ; and
PART III
1422 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
( b) as regards that occasion or one or more of those oсса-
sions the company was assessed to income tax or
corporation tax in an amount computed by reference
to the value of the asset at the time of the exchange,
then, in computing for any purpose of the Corporation Tax Acts
the profit, gain or loss (if any) arising on the disposal, the asset
shall be deemed to have been acquired by the company on the
occasion or latest of the occasions mentioned in paragraph (b)
above at a cost equal to the value by reference to which the
company was so assessed as regards that occasion.
( 9) There shall be made such assessments, reductions of assess-
ments or, on a claim in that behalf, repayments of tax as may in
any case be required in order to give effect to subsection ( 4 )
or (5) above.
(10 ) In this section, unless the context otherwise requires ,
" asset " includes part of an asset and any reference to a disposal
of part of an asset includes a reference to a part disposal of an
1965 с. 25.
asset within the meaning of section 22(2)(b) of the Finance Act
1965 ; and where a part of an asset is exchanged or disposed of
as mentioned in any of subsections (3) to (8) above, that sub-
section shall have effect as if that part of the asset and the part
not exchanged or disposed of were separate assets.
( 11) For the purposes of this section-
" the base date ", in relation to an insurance company,
means the last day of the financial year of the company
which ended next after 7th December 1973 ;
" financial year " has the same meaning as it has for the
1974 с. 49.
1968 c. 6 ( N.I.).
purposes of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 or, in
Northern Ireland, the Insurance Companies Act
( Northern Ireland) 1968 ;
" insurance company وو
means a company to which Part II
of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 or the Insurance
Companies Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968 applies ;
" long term assets ", in relation to an insurance company,
means assets representing the fund or funds maintained
by the company in respect of its long term business ;
" long term business " has the meaning given by section 1 ( 2)
of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 or, in Northern
Ireland, section 72 of the Insurance Companies Act
( Northern Ireland) 1968.
( 12) In relation to any time before 31st August 1974, and in its
application to Northern Ireland on or after that date, subsection
(2 ) above shall have effect as if the reference to section 23(3) of
the Insurance Companies Act 1974 were a reference to section
1973 с. 58.
7(3) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1423
43.- (1) In the case of an oil company, as defined in this
PART III
section, section 177( 1) of the Taxes Act ( carrying forward of Oil :
losses ) shall have effect subject to the provisions of this section ; restriction on
and in those provisions " the material time " means the end of carrying
forward of
the year 1972, and references to losses being set off are references losses incurred
to their being set off under the said section 177(1) .
before the end
( 2) Of the losses which the company incurred before the of 1972.
material time in its trade (other than losses excepted by sub-
section (5) below) -
( a) none shall be capable of being set off against trading
income to which this paragraph applies ; and
( b) the amount capable of being set off against other trading
income arising after that time from the trade shall
not exceed whichever of the amounts mentioned in
subsection (4) below is the greater.
(3) Subsection (2)( a ) above applies to the following trading
income, that is to say-
( a) trading income arising after the material time from
the separate trade consisting of activities falling within
paragraph (a) or (b) of section 13( 1) of the Oil Taxation 1975 с . 22.
Act 1975 (treatment of oil extraction activities etc.
as a separate trade) ; and
( b ) trading income which would fall within the preceding
paragraph if in section 13( 6 ) of that Act, so far as it
relates to the operation of the said section 13( 1), for
the references to 11th July 1974 there were substituted
references to 31st December 1972.
( 4) The amounts referred to in subsection (2) (b) above are--
( a) the total amount of relevant trading income arising in
the period beginning with 1st January 1973 and ending
with 11th July 1974 ; and
(b) £50 million ;
and in this subsection " relevant trading income " means trading
income arising from the trade in which the losses mentioned in
subsection (2) above were incurred, exclusive of trading income
to which paragraph (a ) of that subsection applies .
( 5) There shall be excepted from the operation of subsection
( 2) above any losses which, if section 13 ( 1) of the Oil Taxation
Act 1975 had had effect as regards the chargeable period in
which they were incurred, would have been treated as incurred
in the separate trade consisting of activities falling within
paragraph (a) or (b) of the said section 13( 1 ) .
( 6) For the purposes of this section a company is an oil
company if at the material time it carried on a trade the
activities of which, at any time within the period of five years
ending with the material time, included the acquisition, in
1424 1934 с. 36.
1964 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
с.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a ) or (b) of sub-
section (7) below, of crude oil or the acquisition, in the
circumstances mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection, of
oil products, in substantial quantities .
( 7) The circumstances referred to in subsection (6) above are
that-
( a) the oil was extracted under rights exercisable by one
or more companies associated with the company ; or
( b) the oil was extracted under rights exercisable by
another company and not less than 20 per cent. of that
other company's ordinary share capital was owned
directly or indirectly by one or more of the following,
that is to say, the company and companies associated
with it ; or
(c ) the oil products were acquired from one or more com-
panies associated with the company and not resident
in the United Kingdom, and the company was, at the
time of the acquisition, associated with a company
having rights to extract oil or with a company which
( without regard to this paragraph ) is or would but
for subsection (8) below be an oil company.
( 8) In relation to a company not resident in the United
Kingdom references in this section to activities of a trade
carried on by the company are only to activities carried on
through a branch or agency in the United Kingdom.
( 9) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) two companies are associated with one another if one
is under the control of the other or both are under the
control of the same person or persons, and " control "
has the meaning assigned to it by section 534 of the
Taxes Act ; and
( b) any question whether ordinary share capital is owned
by a company directly or indirectly shall be deter-
mined as for the purposes of section 532 of the Taxes
Act; and
( c) rights are exercisable by a company if they are exercis-
able by that company alone or jointly with another
company or companies.
(10 ) In this section-
" oil " does not include coal or anything won or capable of
being won under the authority of a licence granted
under either the Petroleum (Production) Act 1934 or
the Petroleum (Production) Act ( Northern Ireland)
1964 but, subject to that, includes any mineral oil or
relative hydrocarbon ;
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1425
" oil products means products which are derived from
oil and are wholly or substantially of a hydrocarbon
nature ;
" crude ", where the reference is to the acquisition of crude
oil, refers to its acquisition without having been refined,
and for the purposes of this definition refining does
not include the subjecting of oil to any process of
which the purpose is to enable it to be safely stored,
safely loaded into a tanker or safely accepted by an
oil refinery .
PART III
44.-( 1 ) Section 4 of the Taxes Act ( which, in relation to Payment of
the year 1972-73 and earlier years of assessment, has effect as tax : general.
originally enacted and, in relation to later years of assessment,
has effect as amended by paragraph 3 of Schedule 6 to the
Finance Act 1971) shall be amended as follows-
1971 с. 68 .( a) in subsection (1) (income tax : general) , for the words
from " except that " to the end there shall be sub-
stituted the words 66
or at the expiration of a period of
thirty days beginning with the date of the issue of the
notice of assessment, whichever is the later " ;
(b) in subsection (2) (income tax under Schedule D charged
in respect of the profits or gains of any trade, pro-
fession or vocation), for the words " on such other
date " and the words " on such other day " there shall
be substituted the words " at the expiration of such
period " and for the words " the assessment is not made
until after the said following 1st July " there shall be
substituted the words " the date of the issue of the
notice of assessment is later than the 1st June following
the end of the year of assessment " ;
(c) in subsection (3) as originally enacted ( surtax), for the
words from " except that " to the end there shall be
substituted the words 66
or at the expiration of aperiod
of thirty days beginning with the date of the issue of
the notice of assessment, whichever is the later " ; and
( d ) in subsection (3) as substituted by paragraph 3 of
Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1971 (income tax charged
at a rate other than the basic rate on certain income),
for the words " is treated as having been deducted "
there shall be substituted the words " from or on which
income tax is treated as having been deducted or paid
and for the words from " except that " to the end
there shall be substituted the words "
or at the expіга-
tion of a period of thirty days beginning with the date
of the issue of the notice of assessment, whichever is
the later ".
1426 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1965 с. 25 .
1970 с. 9.
1971 с. 68 .
(2) The following provisions of the Taxes Act, that is to say-
section 243(4) (corporation tax : general),
section 244( 1 ) (corporation tax : companies trading before
financial year 1965) , and
section 344(2) (corporation tax: building societies),
shall each be amended by substituting for the words " one month
from the making of the assessment " the words " thirty days
from the date of the issue of the notice of assessment ".
( 3) In paragraph 9 of Schedule 5 to the Taxes Act (machinery
for assessment, charge and payment of income tax under Schedule
C and, in certain cases, Schedule D), after the word " Ireland "
there shall be inserted the words " within thirty days from the
date of the issue of the notice of assessment ".
( 4) In section 20(6) of the Finance Act 1965 (capital gains tax)
for the words " the date of making the assessment " there shall
be substituted the words " the date of the issue of the notice of
assessment ".
( 5 ) In section 29( 5) of the Taxes Management Act 1970
( notice of assessment) , after the words " shall state " there shall
be inserted the words " the date on which it is issued and " .
( 6) In section 36 of the Finance Act 1971 (construction of
references in Income Tax Acts to deduction of tax ) , after the
words " deducted from " there shall be inserted the words 66
or
paid on " and after the words " to deduction " there shall be
inserted the words " or payment " .
( 7) This section and sections 45 and 46 below shall not have
effect in relation to tax charged by assessments notice of
which was issued before the passing of this Act.
Payment of
tax pending
45.-( 1 ) For section 55 of the Taxes Management Act 1970
( recovery of tax not in dispute) there shall be substituted-
appeal.
“Recovery oftax not
55.-( 1 ) This section applies to an appeal to the
postponed.
Commissioners against-
( a) an assessment to income tax under Schedule
A, Schedule C or Schedule D,
( b) an assessment charging income tax at a rate
other than the basic rate on income from
which income tax has been deducted ( other-
wise than under section 204 of the principal
Act) or from or on which income tax is
treated as having been deducted or paid or
income chargeable under Schedule F,
(c) an assessment to income tax made under
1972 с. 41 .
Schedule 20 to the Finance Act 1972
(income tax on company payments) other
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c. 45
1427
than an assessment charging tax the time
PART III
for the payment of which is given by
paragraph 4( 1) or 9 of that Schedule,
( d ) an assessment to capital gains tax,
( e) an assessment to corporation tax other than
an assessment made under Schedule 14 to
the Finance Act 1972 (advance corporation 1972 c. 41 .
tax ) charging tax the time for the payment
of which is given by paragraph 3(1 ) or 9
of that Schedule.
( 2) If no application is made under subsection (3)
below, the tax charged by the assessment shall be
due and payable as if it were tax charged by an
assessment in respect of which no appeal was
pending .
( 3) If the appellant has grounds for believing that
he is overcharged to tax by the assessment, he may,
by notice in writing given to the inspector within
thirty days after the date of the issue of the notice
of assessment, apply to the Commissioners for a
determination of the amount of tax the payment of
which should be postponed pending the determina-
tion of the appeal .
Anotice of application under this subsection shall
state the amount in which the appellant believes
that he is overcharged to tax and his grounds for
that belief.
( 4) If, after any determination of the amount of
tax the payment of which should be so postponed,
there is a change in the circumstances of the case as
a result of which either party has grounds for
believing that the amount so determined has become
excessive or, as the case may be, insufficient, he may,
by notice in writing given to the other party at any
time before the determination of the appeal, apply
to the Commissioners for a further determination
of that amount.
Anotice of application under this subsection shall
state the amount in which the applicant believes that
the amount previously determined has become
excessive or, as the case may be, insufficient and his
grounds for that belief.
( 5) An application under subsection ( 3) or (4)
above shall be heard and determined in the same
way as the appeal ; and where any such applica-
tion is heard and determined by any Commissioners,
that shall not preclude them from hearing and
1428 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III determining the appeal or any application or further
application under subsection ( 4) above.
( 6) The amount of tax the payment of which shall
be postponed pending the determination of the
appeal shall be the amount (if any) in which it appears
to the Commissioners, having regard to the repre-
sentations made and any lawful evidence adduced ,
that there are reasonable grounds for believing that
the appellant is overcharged to tax ; and-
(a ) in the case of a determination made on an
application under subsection (3) above, any
tax the payment of which is not so post-
poned shall be due and payable as if it
were tax charged by an assessment notice
of which was issued on the date of that
determination and in respect of which no
appeal was pending ; and
( b) in the case of a determination made on an
application under subsection ( 4) above, any
tax the payment of which ceases to be so
postponed shall be due and payable as if it
were tax charged by an assessment notice
of which was issued on the date of that
determination and in respect of which no
appeal was pending, or any tax overpaid
shall be repaid, as the case may require.
( 7) If the appellant and the inspector come to an
agreement, whether in writing or otherwise, as to
the amount of tax the payment of which should be
postponed pending the determination of the appeal,
the like consequences shall ensue as would have
ensued if the Commissioners had made a determina-
tion to that effect under subsection ( 6) above on the
date when the agreement was come to, but without
prejudice to the making of a further agreement or of
a further determination under that subsection.
(8) Where an agreement is not in writing-
( a ) subsection (7) above shall not apply unless
the fact that an agreement was come to,
and the terms agreed, are confirmed by
notice in writing given by the inspector to
the appellant or by the appellant to the
inspector, and
(b) the reference in that subsection to the time
when the agreement was come to shall be
construed as a reference to the time of the
giving of the notice of confirmation.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с . 45
1429
( 9) On the determination of the appeal-
( a ) any tax payable in accordance with that
determination the payment of which had
been postponed, or which had not been
charged by the assessment, shall be due
and payable as if it were tax charged by
an assessment-
( i ) notice of which was issued on the
date on which the inspector issues to the
appellant a notice of the total amount
payable in accordance with the deter-
mination, and
(ii ) in respect of which no appeal was
pending , or
( b) any tax overpaid shall be repaid,
as the case may require.
( 10 ) In this section ' inspector ' means the inspec-
tor or other officer of the Board by whom the notice
of assessment was issued ; and references in this
section to an agreement being come to with an
appellant and the giving of notice to or by an
appellant include references to an agreement being
come to with, and the giving of notice to or by, a
person acting on behalf of the appellant in relation
to the appeal.
(11) Section 45(2) above shall not apply to an
application under subsection ( 3) or (4) above ; and
the transfer of proceedings under this Act from one
body of Commissioners to another body of Com-
missioners shall not affect the validity of a
determination under subsection (6) above. "
( 2) Section 55 of the said Act of 1970 as substituted by
subsection ( 1) above shall have effect in relation to tax charged
for a year or other period of assessment ending before 6th
April 1973 as if for subsection ( 1)(b) and (c) there were sub-
stituted-
" (b) an assessment to surtax,
(c) an assessment to income tax made under Schedule 9
to the principal Act (income tax on company distribu-
tions) other than an assessment charging tax the time
for the payment of which is given by paragraph 2(3)
of that Schedule " .
(3) Section 56(9) (statement of case for opinion of the High
Court ) and section 59(6) (election for county court in Northern
PART III
1430 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
Interest on
unpaid tax.
1970 с. 9.
1972 с. 41 .
Ireland ) of the said Act of 1970 shall each be amended by
substituting for paragraph (b) of the proviso-
" (b) if too little tax has been charged, the amount under-
charged shall be due and payable at the expiration of
a period of thirty days beginning with the date on
which the inspector issues to the other party a notice
of the total amount payable in accordance with the
order or judgment of that Court. "
( 4 ) In section 48( 2) of the said Act of 1970 (application to
appeals and other proceedings), for the words "
to the omission
of section 56(9) below and to any other necessary modifications "
there shall be substituted the words " to any necessary modifica-
tions, including ( except in the case of applications under section
55 below) the omission of section 56(9) below " .
46.-( 1 ) For section 86 of the Taxes Management Act 1970
( interest on overdue tax ) there shall be substituted-
" Interest on 86.- ( 1) Any tax charged by an assessment to
overdue
tax .
which this section applies shall carry interest at the
prescribed rate from the reckonable date until pay-
ment.
( 2) This section applies to-
(a) an assessment to income tax under Schedule
A, Schedule C, Schedule D or Schedule E,
(b) an assesssment charging income tax at a rate
other than the basic rate on income from
which income tax has been deducted (other-
wise than under section 204 of the principal
Act ) or from or on which income tax is
treated as having been deducted or paid or
income chargeable under Schedule F,
( c ) an assessment to capital gains tax,
( d ) an assessment to corporation tax other than
an assessment made under Schedule 14
to the Finance Act 1972 (advance cor-
poration tax ).
( 3) In this section " reckonable date " means-
( a ) in relation to any tax the date for the pay-
ment of which is given by section 55 above
and which, if there had been no appeal,
would have become due and payable on
an earlier date, that earlier date or the date
mentioned in subsection (4) below, which-
ever is the later, and
( b) in relation to any tax not falling within
paragraph (a) above, the date on which it
becomes due and payable.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с. 45
1431
( 4 ) The date referred to in subsection (3)(a) above
is the date on which the tax becomes due and pay-
able or the date given by the following Table, which-
ever is the earlier.
PART III
TABLE
Description of tax Date applicable
1. Tax charged by an
1. The 1st July following
assessment to income tax
the end of the year
under Schedule A or
of assessment.
an assessment to income
tax under Schedule D
other than an assessment
made under Part III of
Schedule 5 to the prin-
cipal Act (machinery for
assessment, charge and
payment of income tax
under Schedule C and,
in certain cases, Schedule
D) .
2. Tax charged by an
assessment to income tax
under Schedule C or an
assessment to income tax
under Schedule D made
under Part III of
Schedule 5 to the prin-
cipalAct.
3. Tax charged by an
assessment charging in-
come tax as mentioned
in subsection ( 2 ) (b)
above.
4. Tax charged by an
assessment to capital
gains tax.
5. Tax charged by an
assessment to corpora-
tion tax other than an
assessment made under
Schedule 14 to the
Finance Act 1972.
2. The last day of the six
months following the
end of the thirty days
mentioned in paragraph
9 of the said Schedule
5 .
3. The 1st January follow-
ing the end of the year
of assessment.
4. The 1st January follow-
ing the end of the year
of assessment.
5. The last day of the six
months following-
( a ) in a case where
section 243(4) of
the principal Act 1972 c. 41 .
applies, the end
of the
nine
months
therementioned;
1432 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1882 с. 61 .
1972 с. 41.
Description of tax
5. continued
Date applicable
( b ) in a case where
section 244( 1 ) of
that Act applies,
the end of the
interval there
mentioned from
the end of the
accounting period
to which the
assessment
re-
lates ; or
( c ) in a case where
section 344 of
that Act applies ,
the last day on
which the tax
could have been
paid within the
time limit im-
posed by subsec-
tion ( 2)(a) of that
section.
( 5 ) Tax charged by an assessment to which this
section applies shall carry interest from the reckon-
able date even if that date is a non-business day
within the meaning of section 92 of the Bills of
Exchange Act 1882.
(6) Where the amount of interest payable under
this section on the tax charged by any assessment
does not exceed £10, that interest may, if the Board
think fit, be remitted."
(2) Section 86 of the said Act of 1970 as substituted by sub-
section ( 1) above shall have effect in relation to tax charged for
the year 1972-73 or an earlier year of assessment as if-
(a) for subsection (2)(b) there were substituted-
66 (b) an assessment to surtax " , and
(b) in subsection (3) (a) after the word " or " there were
inserted the words " (except in the case of surtax) " .
(3) Section 87 of the said Act of 1970 (which, in relation to
interest on overdue income tax on company distributions, has
effect as originally enacted and, in relation to interest on overdue
advance corporation tax and overdue income tax on company
payments, has effect as substituted by paragraph 10 of Schedule
24 to the Finance Act 1972) shall be amended as follows-
(a) in subsection (3) as originally enacted, and in subsection
( 4) as so substituted, for the words " £5 " there shall be
substituted the words " £10 " , and
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с . 45
1433
( b ) at the end of the section there shall be added as sub-
PART III
section (8)
" (8) Tax assessable as mentioned in subsection
(1) above shall carry interest from the date when it
becomes due and payable even if that date is a non-
business day within the meaning of section 92 of the
Bills of Exchange Act 1882."
1882 с. 61 .
( 4 ) At the end of section 88 of the said Act of 1970 ( interest
on tax recovered to make good loss due to taxpayer's fault) there
shall be added as subsection (6) —
66 (6) Tax charged by an assessment mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) above shall carry interest from the date when it
ought to have been paid even if that date was a non- business
day within the meaning of section 92 of the Bills of
Exchange Act 1882. "
(5) Section 109 of the said Act of 1970 (which, in relation
to tax charged in connection with loans and other payments
made and shortfalls occurring before 6th April 1973, has effect
as originally enacted and, in relation to tax charged in connec-
tion with loans made on or after that date, has effect as
substituted by paragraph 13 of Schedule 24 to the Finance Act 1972 c. 41 .
1972) shall be amended as follows-
(a) in subsection ( 4 ) as originally enacted, for the words
" subsection (2) and paragraph (a) of subsection (3) "
there shall be substituted the words " subsection ( 4)
and the words ' or the date mentioned in subsection (4)
below, whichever is the later ' in subsection (3) (a) ",
(b) in subsection (2) as so substituted, for the words " sub-
sections (2) and (3)(a) of the said section 86 were
omitted " there shall be substituted the words " the
date given by the Table in subsection (4) of the said
section 86 were the last day of the three months
following the end of the financial year in which the
loan or advance was made ", and
( c) in subsection ( 3) as so substituted, for the words " year
of assessment " there shall be substituted the words
" financial year " .
( 6 ) After paragraph 7(6 )(a) of Schedule 16 to the Finance
Act 1972 (apportionment of income etc. of close companies)
there shall be inserted as paragraph (aa)-
66 ( aa ) shall carry interest as if it were advance corporation
tax so payable ; and " .
Part II P
1434 c.45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART III
Repayment supplement in
respect of
delayed
repayments of
certain taxes
to persons
other than
companies.
1968 с. 44.
1972 с. 41 .
1952 с. 10.
47.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where
( a ) in the case of income tax, surtax or capital gains tax
paid by or on behalf of an individual for a year of
assessment for which he was resident in the United
Kingdom, a repayment thereof of not less than £25 is
( after the passing of this Act) made by the Board or an
inspector after the end of the twelve months following
that year of assessment ; or
( b) in the case of the special charge under Part IV of the
Finance Act 1968, a repayment thereof of not less than
£25 is (after the passing of this Act ) so made,
the repayment shall be increased under this section by an
amount (in this section referred to as a " repayment supplement " )
equal to interest on the amount repaid at the rate of 9 per cent.
per annum for the period (if any) between the relevant time and
the end of the tax month in which the order for the repayment is
issued.
( 2) In relation to so much (if any) of the last-mentioned period
as preceded 6th April 1974, subsection ( 1) above shall have effect
as if the rate of interest there specified were 6 per cent. per
annum (instead of the rate there specified or any other rate in
force by virtue of subsection (7) below).
(3) Subsections ( 1) and (2) above-
(a) shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to a pay-
ment of the whole or part of a tax credit under section
86 of the Finance Act 1972 as they apply to a repay-
ment falling within subsection ( 1) of income tax paid
in the year of assessment to which the tax credit relates ;
and
(b) shall apply to a repayment made in consequence of a
claim under section 228 of the Income Tax Act 1952
( relief in respect of income accumulated under trusts) as
if the repayment were of income tax paid by the
claimant for the year of assessment in which the con-
tingency mentioned in that section happened.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above-
(a) if the repayment is of tax that was paid after the end of
the twelve months following the year of assessment for
which it was payable , the relevant time is the end of the
year of assessment in which that tax was paid ;
( b) if the repayment is of the special charge, the relevant
time, as regards so much of the charge as was paid
before the end of the year 1969-70 , is the end of that
year, and, as regards so much of the charge as was paid
in any later year of assessment, is the end of the year of
assessment in which it was paid ;
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
(c) in any other case, the relevant time is the end of the twelve months mentioned in that subsection ;
and, subject to subsection (6) below, where a repayment to which
subsection ( 1 ) above applies is of tax paid in two or more years
of assessment, the repayment shall as far as possible be treated
for the purposes of this subsection as a repayment of tax paid in
a later rather than an earlier year among those years .
( 5 ) For the purposes of subsections ( 1) and (4 ) above income
tax deducted by virtue of regulations made under section 204 of
the Taxes Act (pay as you earn) from a person's emoluments
during any year of assessment shall (without prejudice to sub-
section ( 6) below) be treated as paid by him for that and no
other year of assessment.
(6 ) Where in consequence of an assessment under Schedule E
for any year of assessment there is made by the Board or an
inspector a repayment of income tax of not less than £25, being
an amount which takes account of tax overpaid or remaining
unpaid for one or more earlier years of assessment, then-
(a) the repayment shall for the purposes of this subsection
be attributable to such of the years in question, and in
such proportions, as may be determined in accordance
with regulations made under and for the purposes of
this subsection by the Board ; and
(b) subsections (1) and ( 4) above shall have effect in relation
to so much of the repayment as is by virtue of para-
graph (a) above attributed to any particular year of
assessment as if in subsection ( 1 ) the words " of not
less than £25 " were omitted.
( 7) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, the Treasury
may by order from time to time increase or decrease the rate
of interest by reference to which repayment supplements are
calculated under subsection ( 1) above.
(8) A repayment supplement shall not be payable under this
section in respect of a repayment or payment made in conse-
quence of an order or judgment of a court having power to allow
interest on the repayment or payment, or in respect of a repay-
ment of a post- war credit within the meaning of the Income Tax
( Repayment of Post-War Credits) Act 1959 .
( 9) A repayment supplement paid to any person under this
section shall not be income of that person for any tax purposes.
( 10 ) The powers conferred by this section to make regulations
or orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any
regulations or order made under this section shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of
Commons.
P2
1435
PART III
1959 с. 28.
1436 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1972 с. 41 .
(11) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in
relation to a partnership, or a United Kingdom trust ( as defined
in section 110( 1) of the Finance Act 1972), or, in the case of a
United Kingdom estate, the personal representatives of a deceased
person as such ( within the meaning of section 432(4) of the
Taxes Act) as they apply in relation to an individual.
(12 ) In this section-
" tax month " means the period beginning with the 6th day
of any calendar month and ending with the 5th day of
the following calendar month ;
" United Kingdom estate " has the meaning given by section
432( 8) of the Taxes Act.
Repayment
supplement in respect of
delayed repayments of
certain taxes
to companies .
48.-(1 ) This section applies to the following payments made
to a company in connection with any accounting period for which
the company was resident in the United Kingdom (in this section
called " the relevant accounting period "), that is to say-
( a) a repayment of corporation tax paid by the company for
that accounting period (including advance corporation
tax paid in respect of distributions made by the com-
pany in that accounting period and any sum paid in
respect of that period on an assessment under para-
graph 7(6) ( a) of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972) ;
or
( b) a repayment of income tax in respect of a payment
received by the company in that accounting period on
which the company bore income tax by deduction ; or
( c) a payment of the whole or part of the tax credit com-
prised in any franked investment income received by
the company in that accounting period.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where a
payment of not less than £100 to which this section applies is
( after the passing of this Act) made by the Board or an inspector
after the end of the twelve months beginning with the material
date, the payment shall be increased under this section by an
amount (in this section referred to as a " repayment supplement ")
equal to interest on the amount paid at the rate of 9 per cent.
per annum for each complete tax month contained in the period
( if any) beginning with the relevant date and ending at the end
of the tax month in which the order for the payment is issued.
( 3) In relation to any complete tax month beginning before
6th April 1974 which is contained in the last -mentioned period,
subsection (2) above shall have effect as if the rate of interest there
specified were 6 per cent. per annum ( instead of the rate there
specified or any other rate in force by virtue of subsection (6)
below ).
Finance (No. 2 ) ct 1975 с. 45
1437
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 2) above-
PART III
( a) if the payment is a repayment of corporation tax that
was paid on or after the first anniversary of the material
date, the relevant date is the anniversary of the material
date that occurs next after the date on which that tax
was paid ;
( b) in any other case, the relevant date is the first anniversary
of the material date ;
and where a payment to which this section applies is a repayment
of corporation tax paid by a company on different dates, the
payment shall as far as possible be treated for the purposes of this
subsection as a repayment of tax paid on a later rather than an
earlier date among those dates.
( 5) For the purposes of this section-
( a) a repayment of corporation tax made in consequence of
a claim by a company under section 85(3) of the
Finance Act 1972 to have the whole or any part of an 1972 c. 41 .
amount of surplus advance corporation tax arising in
the case of any accounting period treated as if it were
advance corporation tax paid in respect of distributions
made by the company in any earlier accounting period
shall be treated as a repayment of corporation tax paid
for the accounting period in the case of which that
amount of surplus advance corporation tax arose ; and
(b) a repayment of income tax or corporation tax made on
a claim under subsection ( 5) of section 286 of the Taxes
Act (loans to participators etc.) shall be treated as if it
were a repayment of corporation tax paid for the
accounting period in which the repayment of, or of
the part in question of, the loan or advance mentioned
in that subsection was made.
(6 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 3) above, the Treasury
may, by order in a statutory instrument subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons, from
time to time increase or decrease the rate of interest by reference
to which repayment supplements are calculated under subsection
( 2 ) above.
( 7) A repayment supplement shall not be payable under this
section in respect of a payment made in consequence of an order
or judgment of a court having power to allow interest on the
payment .
( 8) A repayment supplement paid under this section shall be
disregarded for all the purposes of corporation tax and income
tax.
P3
1438 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
Expenditure
on safety at
sports grounds .
1971 с. 68.
1975 с. 52.
( 9) In this section-
" tax month " has the meaning given by section 47( 12) of
this Act ;
" the material date " in relation to a payment to which this
section applies, means the last date on which corpora-
tion tax on any of the profits of the company in
question arising in the relevant accounting period could
have been paid-
( a ) in a case where section 243(4) of the Taxes Act
applies, within the nine months there mentioned ;
( b ) in a case where section 244( 1) of that Act
( companies trading before financial year 1965)
applies, within the interval there mentioned from the
end of the relevant accounting period ; or
(c) in a case where section 344 of that Act (special
provision for building societies) applies, within the
time limit imposed by subsection (2) (a) of that section .
49.-( 1 ) If a person carrying on a trade has on or after the
relevant date incurred expenditure in taking, in respect of any
sports stadium used by him for the purposes of the trade-
( a ) steps necessary for compliance with the terms and
conditions of a safety certificate issued for the stadium ;
or
(b) steps specified in a letter or other document sent or given
to him by or on behalf of the local authority for the
area in which the stadium is situated as steps the tak-
ing of which would be taken into account by them in
deciding what terms and conditions to include in a
safety certificate to be issued for the stadium or lead
to the amendment or replacement of a safety certificate
issued or to be issued for it,
then, if an allowance or deduction in respect of the expenditure
could not, apart from this section, be made in taxing the trade
or computing the profits or gains arising from it , Chapter I of
Part III of the Finance Act 1971 shall apply as if the expenditure
were capital expenditure incurred on the provision of machinery
or plant for the purposes of the trade, and as if the machinery
or plant had, in consequence of his incurring the expenditure,
belonged to him and had been in use for the purposes of the trade,
and as if the disposal value of the machinery or plant were nil .
( 2) In this section " sports stadium ", " safety certificate " and
" local authority " have the same meaning as in the Safety of
Sports Grounds Act 1975, and " the relevant date ", in relation
to any sports stadium, means the date on which a designation
order under section 1 of that Act comes into operation in respect
ofthat stadium.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с . 45
1439
( 3) This section shall be construed as if contained in Chapter
PART III
I of Part III of the Finance Act 1971 and shall be deemed to 1971 c. 68 .
have come into force on the passing of the Safety of Sports 1975 с. 52.
Grounds Act 1975.
50.-(1 ) Section 26 of the Finance Act 1973 ( transactions in Certificates of
certificates of deposit) shall have effect, and shall be deemed deposit:
always to have had effect, as exemption for
if at the end of subsection ( 1) Ex pension funds
there were added the following paragraph : - and charities .
" This subsection does not apply to-
1973 с. 51 .
( a) any profits or gains arising to a fund or scheme
in the case of which provision is made by section
208, 211 , 212, 213, 214, 216 or 226 of the Taxes
Act or section 21( 2) of the Finance Act 1970 for 1970 c. 24.
exempting the whole or part of its income from
income tax, or
( b) in so far as they are applied to charitable purposes
only, any profits or gains arising to a charity within
the meaning of section 360 of the Taxes Act. "
( 2) All such adjustments shall be made, whether by repayment
of tax, assessment or otherwise, as may be required in
consequence of subsection ( 1 ) above.
51.-( 1 ) In section 338 of the Taxes Act (exemption of income Exemption for
and gains of certain trade unions if applied for purpose of trade unions.
provident benefits), for the reference to £500 ( maximum assur-
able by way of gross sum ) there shall be substituted a reference
to £1,000, and for the references to £104 a year (maximum assur-
able by way of annuity) there shall be substituted references to
£ 208 a year.
( 2 ) This section shall have effect in relation to income or
gains which are applied as mentioned in subsection (1) of the
said section 338 after 15th April 1975.
52.- ( 1 ) In section 332 of the Taxes Act (exemption of income Exemption for
and gains of registered friendly societies other than profits arising registered friendly
from life or endowment business consisting of the assurance societies.
of gross sums exceeding £500 or of the granting of annuities of
annual amounts exceeding £104), after subsection (3) there shall
be added the following subsections-
66 ( 4) A registered friendly society is within this subsection
if its rules make no provision for it to carry on life or
endowment business consisting of the assurance of gross
sums exceeding £1,000 or of the granting of annuities of
annual amounts exceeding £208 .
P4
1440 c . 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
PART III ( 5 ) In the case of a registered friendly society within
subsection (4 ) above-
( a ) subsections ( 2) and ( 3) above shall have effect with
the substitution of references to £1,000 and £208
respectively for the references to £ 500 and £104 ;
and
( b) references in this Chapter to tax exempt life or
endowment business shall be construed accordingly.
(6) Where at any time a registered friendly society within
subsection (4 ) above amends its rules so as to cease to be
within that subsection, any part of its life or endow-
ment business consisting of business which-
(a) relates to contracts made before that time ; and
( b) immediately before that time was tax exempt life or
endowment business,
shall thereafter continue to be tax exempt life or endowment
business for the purposes of this Chapter.
(7) Where at any time a registered friendly society not
within subsection ( 4) above amends its rules so as to bring
itself within that subsection, any part of its life or endow-
ment business consisting of business which-
(a ) relates to contracts made before that time ; and
( b) immediately before that time was not tax exempt life
or endowment business .
shall thereafter continue not to be tax exempt life or endow-
ment business for the purposes of this Chapter.
(8) Where at any time a registered friendly society not
within subsection ( 4 ) above acquires by way of transfer of
engagements or amalgamation from another registered
friendly society any life or endowment business consisting
of business which-
(a) relates to contracts made before that time ; and
(b) immediately before that time was tax exempt life or
endowment business,
that business shall thereafter continue to be tax exempt life
or endowment business for the purposes of this Chapter.
( 9) Where at any time a registered friendly society within
subsection (4) above acquires by way of transfer of engage-
ments or amalgamation from another registered friendly
society any life or endowment business consisting of business
which-
( a ) relates to contracts made before that time ; and
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1441
(b) immediately before that time was not tax exempt life . PART III
or endowment business,
that business shall thereafter continue not to be tax exempt
life or endowment business for the purposes of this
Chapter. "
( 2) In section 337( 3) of the Taxes Act, in the definition of
66
tax exempt life or endowment business "-
( a ) after the word " has " there shall be inserted the words
" , subject to section 332( 6) to (9) above,” ;
( b) after the word " means " there shall be inserted the
words ,
subject as aforesaid," ; and66
(c) at the end there shall be added the words " (read, where
appropriate, with subsection (5) of that section) ".
(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as
regards any year of account of a registered friendly society or
branch ending after the passing of this Act (including the whole
of any such year of account that ends with 31st December 1975) .
( 4) The Friendly Societies Act 1974 and the Friendly Societies 1974 c. 46.
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970 shall have effect subject to the 1970 c. 31
amendments specified in Schedule 9 to this Act, being amend- ( N.I.) .
ments arising out of the preceding provisions of this section .
53. If an employers' association entered in the list of employers' Employers '
associations maintained under the Trade Union and Labour associations.
Relations Act 1974 was on 30th September 1971 a registered 1974 c. 52.
trade union for the purposes of section 338 of the Taxes Act
( exemption for trade unions ), it shall be treated for the purposes
of that section as having remained a registered trade union until
the passing of this Act, and as thereafter remaining one so long
as it remains entered in that list.
54. Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for affording relief Relief for increase
value of
in respect of increases in the value of trading stock and work in trading stock and
progress in the periods there mentioned. work in progress.
55.-( 1 ) This section has effect in relation to the disposal of Relief from
an asset where- tax on
chargeable
( a) the disposal is one to which section 22( 4) of the Finance gains in
Act 1965 (gifts etc.) applies or which is deemed to take respect of
place by virtue of section 25(3) or (4) of that Act (settled agricultural
property ) ; and
property etc.
(b) a reduction in respect of the asset either-
1965 с. 25 .
(i) is made under Schedule 8 to the Finance Act 1975 с. 7 .
1975 (capital transfer tax relief for agricultural
1442 с. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1965 с. 25 .
property and shares and debentures of companies
owning agricultural property) in relation to a charge-
able transfer taking place on the occasion of the
disposal ; or
(ii) would be so made if there were a chargeable
transfer on that occasion and a claim were duly made
under that Schedule ; and
(c ) a claim for relief under this section is made within two
years of the end of the year of assessment (or, in the
case of a company, accounting period) in which the
disposal is made or such longer time as the Board may
allow.
( 2) For the purposes of Part III of the said Act of 1965
(capital gains)—
( a ) the consideration for the disposal of the asset shall, if
apart from this section a gain would accrue on the
disposal, be determined as if the market value of the
asset were reduced by the amount mentioned in sub-
section (5) (a) or (b) below, whichever is the smaller ;
and
( b) the consideration for the acquisition of the asset on the
disposal shall be determined as if its market value were
reduced by the amount mentioned in subsection (6)
below.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) above does not affect the computation of
development gains ; and any gain computed in accordance with
that subsection shall be a chargeable gain only to the extent, if
any, to which it exceeds any development gain accruing on
the disposal in question.
( 4) Subsection (2) above does not affect the computation of
development losses except that, where paragraph (b) of that
subsection applies to the computation of the chargeable gain or
allowable loss accruing on a disposal, no development loss shall
accrue on the disposal unless there is an allowable loss as so
computed and, if there is such an allowable loss, the amount of
the development loss shall not exceed the amount of that allow-
able loss.
(5) The amounts referred to in subsection (2) (a) above are-
( a ) an amount equal to the fraction of the market value of
the asset of which-
(i) the numerator is the amount of the reduction in
respect of the asset that is or would be made under
Schedule 8 to the said Act of 1975 ; and
(ii) the denominator is the value of the asset as it
is or would be taken into account in relation to
the chargeable transfer in question before any
reduction under that Schedule ;
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
( b) the amount by which the market value of the asset
PART III
exceeds the aggregate of-
(i) the sums allowable in relation to the disposal
under paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the said Act
of 1965 ( acquisition cost etc. ) ; and
(ii) the amount of any development gain accruing
on the disposal ;
and the sums mentioned in paragraph ( b) (i) above shall be
determined without any reduction under section 33( 1 ) (b) or
( 2) (b) of the said Act of 1965 or paragraph 18( 4) of Schedule 3
to the Finance Act 1974 ( replacement of business assets) .
1974 с. 30.
(6) The amount referred to in subsection (2) (b) above is the
difference between-
( a) the gains chargeable on the disposal ( whether as charge-
able gains, development gains or partly one and partly
the other) ; and
( b) the gains that would have been so chargeable if this
section had not been enacted.
( 7) Any claim under this section shall be made-
( a ) in the case of a disposal to which the said section 22(4)
applies, by the person making the disposal and the
person to whom it is made ; and
( b) in any other case, by the person making the disposal ;
and where a claim is made by virtue of subsection ( 1) (b) (ii ) above,
then, if and so far as the question in dispute on an appeal against
the decision on the claim relates to the matters mentioned in
subsection (5) (a) above, the appeal shall be to the Commis-
sioners and Courts mentioned in paragraph 7( 2) to (5) of
Schedule 4 to the Finance Act 1975 ( capital transfer tax appeals) 1975 c. 7.
as in the case of an appeal under that paragraph.
(8) This section applies to disposals after 26th March 1974.
56.-( 1) Subsection (2) below shall have effect in respect of Exemption
the disposal of an asset which is property to which section 34 of from tax on
the Finance Act 1975 (historic houses etc.) applies or might apply , chargeable
being- gains in
(a) a disposal by way of gift, including a gift in settlement ; historic
respect of
or houses etc.
(b) a disposal of settled property by the trustee on an
occasion when, under section 25(3) or (4) of the
Finance Act 1965, the trustee is deemed to dispose of 1965 с. 25 .
and immediately re-acquire, settled property,
if an undertaking in the terms of subsection (2) of the said
section 34 (maintenance, preservation and public access) is given
by such person as the Treasury think appropriate in the circum-
stances of the case.
1443
1444 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III ( 2 ) The person making a disposal to which subsection ( 1) above
applies and the person acquiring the property on that disposal
shall be treated for all the purposes of Part III of the said Act
of 1965 (capital gains ) as if the property was acquired from
the one making the disposal for a consideration of such amount
as would secure that on the disposal neither a gain nor a loss
would accrue to the one making the disposal.
( 3) If-
( a ) there is a sale of the asset and capital transfer tax is
chargeable under subsection ( 4 ) of the said section 34
( non- exempt disposals) or would be chargeable if an
undertaking under subsection ( 2) of that section as
well as under subsection ( 1) above had been given ; or
( b) the Treasury are satisfied that at any time during the
period for which an undertaking under either enactment
was given it has not been observed in a material respect,
the person selling the asset or, as the case may be, the owner
of the asset shall be treated for the purposes of Part III of the
said Act of 1965 as having sold the asset for a consideration
equal to its market value, and in the case of a failure to comply
with the undertaking, as having immediately re-acquired it for a
consideration equal to its market value.
( 4 ) The period for which an undertaking under subsection ( 1)
above is given shall be until the person entitled to the asset dies
or it is disposed of, whether by sale or gift or otherwise ; and if
the asset subject to the undertaking is disposed of-
(a ) otherwise than on sale ; and
( b) without a further undertaking being given under that
subsection,
subsection (3) above shall apply as if the asset had been then sold
to an individual.
(5) Where under subsection (3) above a person is treated as
having sold any asset for a consideration equal to its market value
he shall also be treated as having sold, and immediately re-
acquired, any asset associated with it for a consideration equal to
its market value ; but the Treasury may direct that this subsection
shall not have effect in any case in which it appears to them that
the entity consisting of the asset and any assets associated with it
has not been materially affected.
(6) A gain shall not be a chargeable gain if it accrues on
the disposal of any asset with respect to which an undertaking
has been given under subsection ( 1) above or subsection ( 2) of
the said section 34 and the disposal is such as is referred to in
subsection ( 6) (a) of that section (disposal to national institution)
or is a disposal to the Board under paragraph 17 of Schedule 4
to the said Act of 1975 (acceptance of property in satisfaction of
tax ).
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1445
( 7) References in subsection ( 4 ) above to a disposal shall be PART III
construed without regard to any provision of Part III of the
said Act of 1965 under which an asset is deemed to be disposed
of ; and for the purposes of subsection (5 ) above two or more
assets are associated with each other if one of them is a building
falling within subsection ( 1)(b) of the said section 34 and the
other or others such land or objects as, in relation to that building,
fall within subsection (1) (c) or (d ) of that section.
( 8) In paragraph 13 of Schedule 12 to the Finance Act 1971 1971 c. 68 .
( death of person entitled to interest in settled property) and
section 119( 2) of the Finance Act 1972 ( gifts to charities etc.) 1972 с. 41 .
references to section 31( 3) of the Finance Act 1965 shall include 1965 c. 25.
references to subsection ( 1) above.
(9) This section applies to disposals after 12th March 1975 .
57.-( 1) In sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 4 of Schedule 10 Postponement
to the Finance Act 1965 (assets on disposal of which capital of payment of
gains tax may be paid by instalments) after paragraph ( a) there tax on
chargeable
shall be inserted-
gains .66 " (aa) any shares or securities of a company which, immedi-
ately before the disposal, gave control of the company
to the person by whom the disposal was made or
deemed to be made ; "
and in paragraph (b) after the words " any shares or securities of
a company " there shall be inserted the words " not falling under
paragraph (aa) above and " .
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where
capital gains tax is payable
(a) by instalments under the said paragraph 4 ; and
( b) in respect of the disposal of assets falling within sub-
paragraph (2) (aa), (b) or (c) of that paragraph,
the tax shall, for the purpose of any interest to be added to each
instalment, be treated as carrying interest from the date at which
the instalment is payable.
(3) Subsection (2) above does not apply to tax payable in
respect of the disposal of shares or securities of a company falling
within paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 4 ) below unless it also falls
within paragraph (b) or (c) of that subsection.
( 4 ) The companies referred to in subsection (3) above are
( a ) any company whose business consists wholly or mainly
of one or more of the following, that is to say, dealing
in shares or securities, land or buildings, or making or
holding investments ;
1446 c .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1948 с. 38 .
1974 с. 30.
Disposal of
shares and
securities
within
prescribed
period of
acquisition.
( b) any company whose business consists wholly or mainly
in being a holding company (within the meaning of
section 154 of the Companies Act 1948) of one or
more companies not falling within paragraph (a)
above ; and
( c) any company whose business is that of a jobber (as
defined in section 477 of the Taxes Act) or discount
house and is carried on in the United Kingdom .
(5) Subsection (2) above applies only to the extent to which-
( a) the market value of the assets in respect of the disposal
of which the tax concerned is payable, plus
( b) the market value of any assets which the same person
has or is deemed to have previously disposed of and
in respect of the disposal of which the tax also fell
within that subsection,
does not exceed £250,000.
(6) In paragraph 2 of Schedule 10 to the Finance Act 1974
( application of the said paragraph 4 to development gains) after
the words " paragraph 4 of Schedule 10 to that Act " there shall
be inserted the words " and section 57 of the Finance ( No. 2)
Act 1975 " .
(7) This section applies to disposals after 26th March 1974.
58.- (1 ) For the purposes of corporation tax on chargeable
gains, shares disposed of by a company shall be identified in
accordance with the following provisions where-
(a) the number of shares of that kind held by the company
at any time during the prescribed period before the
disposal amounted to not less than 2 per cent. of the
number of issued shares of that kind ; and
(b) shares of that kind have been or are acquired by the
company within the prescribed period before or after the
disposal.
(2) Where a company is a member of a group, shares held or
acquired by another member of the group shall be treated for
the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 1 ) above
as held or acquired by that company and for the purposes of
paragraph (b) any shares acquired by that company from an-
other company which was a member of the group throughout
the prescribed period before and after the disposal shall be
disregarded.
(3) References in subsection ( 1) above to a company's dis-
posing, holding and acquiring shares are references to its doing
so in the same capacity ; and references in that subsection to the
holding or acquisition of shares do not include references to
the holding or acquisition of shares as trading stock.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1447
( 4) The shares disposed of shall be identified-
(a ) with shares acquired as mentioned in subsection ( 1) (b)
above (in this section referred to as " available shares ")
rather than other shares ; and
(b) with available shares acquired by the company making
the disposal rather than other available shares .
( 5) The shares disposed of shall be identified with available
shares acquired before the disposal rather than available shares
acquired after the disposal and-
( a ) in the case of available shares acquired before the dis-
posal, with those acquired later rather than those
acquired earlier ;
( b) in the case of available shares acquired after the dis-
posal, with those acquired earlier rather than those
acquired later.
(6) Where available shares could be identified-
( a) with shares disposed of either by the company that
acquired them or by another company ; or
( b) with shares disposed of either at an earlier date or at
a later date,
they shall in each case be identified with the former rather than
the latter ; and the identification of any available shares with
shares disposed of by a company on any occasion shall preclude
their identification with shares comprised in a later disposal by
that company or in a disposal by another company.
(7) Where a company disposes of shares which have been
identified with shares disposed of by another company, the
shares disposed of by the first-mentioned company shall be
identified with the shares that would, apart from this section,
have been comprised in the disposal by the other company or, if
those shares have themselves been identified with shares disposed
of by a third company, with the shares that would, apart from
this section, have been comprised in the disposal by the third
company and so on.
(8) Where shares disposed of by one company are identified
with shares acquired by another, the sums allowable to the com-
pany making the disposal under paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to
the Finance Act 1965 shall be-
(a) the sums allowable under sub-paragraph ( 1 )(c) of that
paragraph ( incidental costs of disposal) ; and
( b) the sums that would have been allowable under sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) (a) and ( b) of that paragraph ( acquisition
cost etc.) to the company that acquired the shares if
they had been disposed of by that company.
PART III
1965 с. 25 .
1448 с .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1971 с. 68.
1965 с. 25.
1969 с. 32.
( 9) This section shall have effect subject to sub- paragraph ( 1 )
of paragraph 6 of Schedule 10 to the Finance Act 1971 (identi-
fication of shares acquired and disposed of on same day ) ; and
sub-paragraph ( 2) of that paragraph (identification of shares not
identified under sub- paragraph ( 1 ) ) shall have effect subject
to this section .
(10 ) In this section-
" group " has the meaning given in section 272 of the
Taxes Act;
" the prescribed period " means-
( a ) in the case of a disposal through a stock
exchange or Automated Real- Time Investments
Exchange Limited, one month ;
( b) in the case of a disposal otherwise than as
aforesaid, six months ;
" trading stock " , in relation to a company carrying on life
assurance business as defined in section 323 of the
Taxes Act, does not include investments held in con-
nection with that business except in so far as they are
referable to general annuity business or pension busi-
ness as defined in that section.
( 11) Shares shall not be treated for the purpose of this section
as being of the same kind unless they are treated as being of the
same class by the practice of a recognised stock exchange or
would be so treated if dealt with on such a stock exchange.
(12) This section applies to securities as defined in paragraph 5
of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1965 (other than specified
securities within the meaning of section 41 of the Finance Act
1969) as it applies to shares .
( 13) This section applies where the acquisition and disposal
mentioned in subsection ( 1) above are after 14th April 1975.
Losses on
59.-( 1 ) Where a person who holds gilt-edged securities (the
disposals of
"
original holding ") acquires securities of the same kind ( an
gilt -edged
securities
" additional holding ") and within the prescribed period after the
replaced
acquisition disposes of securities of that kind, he shall be treated
within
for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 1) of paragraph 9 of Schedule
prescribed period.
10 to the Finance Act 1971 (re-acquisition of gilt -edged securi-
ties after sale at a loss) as if he had within the prescribed period
after the disposal re-acquired the securities disposed of or such
quantity of them as does not exceed the original holding or the
additional holding, whichever is the less .
( 2) Sub-paragraph (2)(a) , (b) and ( c) of the said paragraph 9
( identification of securities disposed of with securities re-acquired)
shall have effect in relation to the acquisition of the additional
holding as if it were a re- acquisition of the securities disposed of.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1449
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 3) of the said paragraph 9 ( husband and PART III
wife) shall have effect as if the foregoing provisions of this section
were included in that paragraph and the acquisition of the addi-
tional holding were an acquisition after the disposal.
( 4 ) In the case of companies in the same group the provisions
of the said paragraph 9 and of subsections (1) and ( 2) above
shall, with the necessary modifications, apply also where a loss
on the disposal accrues to one of them and the acquisition is made
by the other.
( 5 ) In the said paragraph 9 and this section references to
the acquisition of securities shall not include references to
acquisition as trading stock or, in the case of a company which
is a member of a group, from another company which is a
member of that group throughout the prescribed period before
and after the disposal .
( 6 ) In this section-
" group " has the meaning given in section 272 of the Taxes
Act;
" the prescribed period " means-
( a ) in the case of an acquisition through a stock
exchange, one month ;
( b) in the case of an acquisition otherwise than as
aforesaid, six months ;
" trading stock ", in relation to a company carrying on life
assurance business as defined in section 323 of the
Taxes Act, does not include investments held in con-
nection with that business except in so far as they are
referable to general annuity business or pension busi-
ness as defined in that section ;
and references to a person's holding, acquiring and disposing
of securities are references to his doing so in the same capacity.
( 7) This section applies to disposals after 15th April 1975.
60.-( 1 ) A loss on the disposal of an asset shall not be an Disallowance
allowable loss to the extent to which it is attributable to value of losses
on certain
having passed out of other assets, being shares in or rights over disposals .
a company which by virtue of the passing of value are treated
as disposed of under paragraph 15(2) of Schedule 7 to the Finance 1965 с. 25.
Act 1965 (deemed disposal where person in control of company
transfers value between different shares or rights).
( 2) This section applies to a loss on a disposal on or after
17th June 1975.
1450 с. 45
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
Disposal of
rights of insured under
insurance
policy.
1965 с. 25.
61.- (1 ) For paragraph 10(1) of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act
1965 ( policies of insurance) there shall be substituted-
" ( 1) The rights of the insurer under any policy of
insurance shall not constitute an asset on the disposal of
which a gain may accrue, whether the risks insured relate
to property or not ; and the rights of the insured under
any policy of insurance of the risk of any kind of damage
to, or the loss or depreciation of, assets shall constitute
an asset on the disposal of which a gain may accrue only
to the extent that those rights relate to assets on the disposal
of which a gain may accrue or might have accrued. "
(2) Subsection (1) above shall be deemed to have come into
force on 20th December 1974 but shall not apply in the case
of a disposal made before that date.
Capital gains
on certain
stock
dividends.
62.-( 1 ) Where a company issues any share capital to which
section 34 of this Act applies in respect of shares in the com-
pany held by a person as trustee, and another person is at the
time of the issue absolutely entitled thereto as against the trustee
or would be so entitled but for being an infant or other person
under disability (or two or more other persons are or would be
jointly so entitled thereto), then-
(a) notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 1) (a ) (i) of paragraph 4
of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1965 (reorganisation
of share capital etc.) , the case shall not constitute a
reorganisation of the company's share capital for the
purposes of that paragraph ; and
(b) notwithstanding section 22( 4)(a) of that Act, the person
who is or would be so entitled to the share capital (or
each of the persons who are or would be jointly so
entitled thereto) shall be treated for the purposes of
paragraph 4( 1 ) (a) of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act
1965 (expenditure allowable in the computation of
gains under that Schedule) as having acquired that
share capital, or his interest in it, for a consideration
equal to the appropriate amount in cash within the
meaning of paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 to this Act.
( 2) This section shall be deemed to have come into force on
6th April 1975 .
Disposals of
63. In relation to gains accruing on disposals after 5th April
shares in unit
1975 section 112 of the Finance Act 1972 ( reduction of tax
trusts,
investment
liability on certain disposals of shares in unit trusts, investment
trusts and
trusts and funds in court) shall have effect as if for the references
funds in court. in paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection ( 3) to 16½ per cent.
1972 с. 41 .
( which were substituted by section 32 of the Finance Act 1974)
1974 с. 30.there were substituted references to 17½ per cent .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c. 45
1451
64. Section 113 of the Finance Act 1972 shall have effect for
PART III
the year 1975-76 and subsequent years of assessment as if the
Reduced rate of
capital gains tax
rate specified in it were 174 per cent. instead of 16½ per cent.
for certain unit
( the rate substituted by section 33 of the Finance Act 1974) .
trusts and for
funds in court.
1972 с. 41 .
1974 с. 30.
65. The Agreement set out in Schedule 11 to this Act, that is Double taxa-
to say, the agreement made on 3rd June 1975 between the tion agreement
Governments of the United Kingdom and of the Republic of with Republic
Ireland relating to the Agreement set out in Schedule 17 to the
ofIreland.
Finance Act 1973 is hereby confirmed and, subject to the neces- 1973 c. 51 .
sary steps being taken to give it the force of law in the Republic
of Ireland, shall have effect accordingly.
66.-( 1 ) Schedule 3 to the Taxes Management Act 1970 (rules Assignment of
for assigning proceedings to Commissioners) shall be amended proceedings to
as follows .
Commis-
sioners .
1970 с. 9.
( 2 ) For rule 5 there shall be substituted-
" 5. An appeal against
an assessment under Sche-
dule A or under Schedule
D, other than Cases I and
II.
An appeal against an
assessment charging in-
come tax at a rate other
than the basic rate on in-
come from which income
tax has been deducted
( otherwise than under sec-
tion 204 of the principal
Act) or from or on which
income tax is treated as
having been deducted or
paid or income chargeable
under Schedule F.
An appeal against an
assessment to capital gains
tax.
Proceedings for a
Ifthe appellant or other party
to the proceedings (not being
an inspector or the Board ) is
carrying on a trade, profession
or vocation, then, subject (in
the case of an appeal) to the
right of election for place of
residence, the place in which
the trade, profession or voca-
tion is carried on, or in which
the head office or principal
place of business is situated.
If the appellant or other
party is employed and does not
carry on a trade, profession or
vocation, then, subject (in the
case of an appeal) to the right
of election for place of resid-
ence, the place of employment.
In any other case, the place
where the appellant or other
party ordinarily resides. "
penalty under section
100( 4 ) of this Act.
(3) Rule 6 and the paragraph beginning " Where under rules
3 and 5 " shall each be amended by substituting for the words
" resided in the year of assessment to which the proceedings
ود
relate " the word " resides " .
1452 PART III
Appeals .
1970 с. 9.
Introductory.
1971 с. 68.
c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
( 4) After the said paragraph beginning " Where under rules
3 and 5 " there shall be inserted-
" If the place given by any of the rules in this Schedule
is outside the United Kingdom, the Board may give
directions, which may be either general or addressed to a
particular occasion, to meet the case. "
67.-(1 ) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that
in section 31( 1) of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( right of
appeal) the reference to the date of the notice of assessment is a
reference to the date on which the notice was issued.
( 2) Section 50 of that Act ( procedure on appeal) shall have
effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if after
subsection (7) there were added as subsection (8)—
66 ( 8) Where, on an appeal against an assessment which-
(a ) assesses an amount which is chargeable to tax,
and
( b) charges tax on the amount assessed,
it appears to the Commissioners as mentioned in sub-
section (6) or ( 7 ) above, they may, unless the circumstances
of the case otherwise require, reduce or, as the case may be,
increase only the amount assessed ; and where any appeal
is so determined the tax charged by the assessment shall
be taken to have been reduced or increased accordingly. "
( 3) Nothing in subsection (2) above shall affect the judgment
of any court given in proceedings which were commenced
before 29th April 1975.
CHAPTER II
SUB-CONTRACTORS IN THE CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY
68.-( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, on such date as the
Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument appoint
(in this Chapter referred to as the appointed day) Chapter II of
Part II of the Finance Act 1971 (sub-contractors in construction
industry ) and all certificates having effect under section 30
thereof shall cease to have effect except in relation to sums pay-
able under section 29 thereof before that date, and on and after
the appointed day the provisions of this Chapter other than this
section shall (subject to that exception) have effect instead of
that Chapter.
(2) The said provisions shall have effect before the appointed
day for the purpose of enabling applications to be made and
certificates issued under section 70 of this Act and-
(a) after the passing of this Act-
(i ) no applications for the issue of a certificate
under the said section 30 shall be made ; and
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1453
(ii ) no certificate under that section shall be issued
PART III
except on an application before the appointed day
for the renewal of such a certificate or in pursuance
of paragraph (b) below ;
( b) on an application before that day under subsection (2)
of section 70 of this Act for a certificate under that
section, a certificate under the said section 30 may be
issued in addition to the certificate under the said
section 70 ; but
(c ) all certificates under the said section 30 issued by
virtue of paragraph (a)(ii) above or in pursuance of
paragraph (b) above shall ( like all other certificates
having effect under that section) cease to have effect on
the appointed day ; and
( d ) no certificate under section 70 of this Act shall come
into force until the appointed day.
69.-( 1 ) Where a contract relating to construction operations Deductions on
is not a contract of employment, but-
account of tax
etc. from
( a ) one party to the contract is a sub-contractor (as defined
payments to
in subsection (2) below ) ; and
certain sub-
(b) another party to the contract (in this section referred to contractors in
as "the contractor ") either is a sub-contractor under construction industry.
another such contract relating to all or any of the
construction operations or is a person to whom this
paragraph applies,
this section shall apply to any payments which on or after the
appointed day are made under the contract and are so made by
the contractor to-
(i) the sub -contractor ;
(ii) a person nominated by the sub-contractor or the
contractor ; or
(iii) a person nominated by a person who is a sub-contractor
under another such contract relating to all or any of
the construction operations,
unless the person to whom the payments are made or, if the
payments are made to a nominee, each of the following persons,
that is to say, the nominee, the person who nominated him and
the person for whose labour (or, where that person is a company,
for whose employees' or officers' labour) the payment is made,
is excepted from this section in relation to those payments by
virtue of section 70 of this Act.
( 2) A party to a contract relating to construction operations
is a sub- contractor if, under the contract, -
( a) he is under a duty to the contractor to carry out the
operations, or to furnish his own labour (that is to
1454 c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III say, in the case of a company, the labour of employees
or officers of the company) or the labour of others in
the carrying out of the operations or to arrange for
the labour of others to be furnished in the carrying
out of the operations ; or
( b) he is answerable to the contractor for the carrying out
of the operations by others, whether under a contract
or under other arrangements made or to be made by
him.
( 3) Paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) above applies to the follow-
ing persons, that is to say, -
( a) any person carrying on a business which includes
construction operations ;
(b) any local authority ;
(c ) any development corporation or new town commission ;
(d ) the Commission for the New Towns ;
(e) the Housing Corporation, a housing association, a
housing trust, a housing society, the Scottish Special
Housing Association, the Northern Ireland Housing
Trust and the Northern Ireland Housing Executive.
( 4) On making a payment to which this section applies the
contractor shall deduct from it a sum equal to 35 per cent. of so
much of the payment as is not shown to represent the direct cost
to any other person of materials used or to be used in carrying
out the construction operations to which the contract under
which the payment is made relates ; and the sum so deducted
shall be paid to the Board and shall be treated for the purposes
of income tax or, as the case may be, corporation tax-
( a) as not diminishing the payment ; but
(b) subject to subsection (5) below, as being income tax
or, as the case may be, corporation tax paid in respect
of the profits or gains of the trade, profession or
vocation of the person for whose (or for whose
employees' or officers ') labour the contractor makes the
payment.
( 5 ) Where a sum deducted and paid to the Board under
subsection (4) above is more than sufficient to discharge the
liability to income tax of the person referred to in paragraph
( b) of that subsection in respect of the profits or gains men-
tioned in that paragraph, so much of the excess as is required
to discharge any liability of that person for Class 4 contribu-
tiens shall be treated as being, for the purposes of the Social
Security Act, Class 4 contributions paid in respect of the profits
or gains so mentioned.
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c.45
1455
( 6 ) The Board shall make regulations with respect to the
PART III
collection and recovery, whether by assessment or otherwise, of
sums required to be deducted from any payments under this
section and for the giving of receipts by persons receiving the
payments to persons making them ; and those regulations may
include any matters with respect to which regulations may be
made under section 204 (pay as you earn) of the Taxes Act.
( 7 ) References in the preferential payments provisions to sums
due on account of tax deductions for any period shall be construed
as including references to any amounts due from any person in
respect of deductions required to be made by him under this
section.
(8) In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (penalty 1970 c. 9.
for failure to furnish information, etc.) the following shall be
added in the second column of the Table : -
66 Regulations under section 69 of the Finance ( No. 2)
Act 1975 ".
(9) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of the House of Commons.
(10 ) In this section " Class 4 contributions " means Class 4
contributions within the meaning of the Social Security Act 1975 с. 14.
1975 or, as the case may be, the Social Security ( Northern 1975 с. 15 .
Ireland) Act 1975 ; and " the Social Security Act " means which-
ever of those Acts is the one under which the contribution in
question is payable.
70.-( 1 ) A person is excepted from section 69 of this Act in Exceptions
relation to payments made under a contract if a certificate from sections
under this section has been issued to that person and is in force 69.
when the payment is made, but-
(a) where the certificate has been issued to a person who
becomes a partner in a firm, that person is not excepted
in relation to payments made under contracts under
which the firm or, where a person has nominated the
firm to receive payments, the person who has nominated
the firm, is a sub-contractor (as defined in section 69(2)
of this Act) ; and
(b) where a certificate has been issued to a person as a partner
in a firm, that person is excepted in relation only to
payments made under contracts under which the firm or,
where a person has nominated the firm to receive
payments, the person who has nominated the firm, is a
sub-contractor (as so defined) .
1456 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III ( 2) If the Board are satisfied, on the application of an individual
or a company, that-
(a) where the application is for the issue of a certificate to
an individual (otherwise than as a partner in a firm), he
satisfies the conditions set out in Part I of Schedule 12
to this Act;
(b) where the application is for the issue of a certificate to
a person as a partner in a firm, that person satisfies
the conditions set out in Part II of that Schedule if he
is an individual or, if a company, the conditions set out
in Part IV of that Schedule and, in either case, the firm
itself satisfies the conditions set out in Part III of that
Schedule ;
( c) where the application is for the issue of a certificate to
a company, the company satisfies the conditions set out
in Part IV of that Schedule and, if the Board have given
a direction under subsection ( 4) below, each of the
persons to whom any of the conditions set out in Part I
of that Schedule applies by virtue of the direction
satisfies the conditions which so apply to him,
the Board shall issue to that individual or company a certificate
excepting that individual or company ( or, in a case falling within
paragraph (b) above, that individual or company as a partner
in the firm specified in the certificate) from section 69 of this
Act .
(3) References in paragraphs (a) , (b) and (c ) of subsection (2)
above to an individual, a company or a firm satisfying conditions
set out in any Part of Schedule 12 to this Act include, in relation
to a condition which may, by virtue of a provision in that Part,
be treated as being satisfied, references to that individual, com-
pany or firm being treated as satisfying that condition.
( 4) Where it appears to the Board, on an application made
under subsection (2) above by a company, that the company-
( a) was incorporated on a date within the period of three
years ending with the date of the application ; or
( b) has not carried on business continuously throughout that
period ; or
( c) has carried on business continuously throughout that
period but the business has not at all times in that
period consisted of or included the carrying out of
construction operations ; or
( d ) does not at the date of the application hold a certificate
which is then in force under this section ;
the Board may direct that the conditions set out in Part 1 of
Schedule 12 to this Act or such of them as are specified in the
direction shall apply to the directors of the company and, if the
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с. 45
company is a close company, to the persons who are the bene ficial owners of shares in the company or to such of those directors
or persons as are so specified as if each of them were an applicant
for a certificate under this section.
( 5) The Board may at any time cancel a certificate which has
been issued to a person and is in force under this section if it
appears to them that-
(a ) it was issued on information which was false ;
(b) if an application for the issue of a certificate under this
section to that person were made at that time, the Board
would refuse to issue a certificate ; or
( c) that person has permitted the certificate to be misused ;
and may by notice in writing require that person to deliver the
certificate to the Board within the time specified in the notice.
(6) A person aggrieved by the refusal of an application for a
certificate under this section may, by notice in writing given to
the Board within thirty days after the refusal, appeal to the
General Commissioners or, if he so elects in the notice, to the
Special Commissioners ; and the jurisdiction of the Commis-
sioners on such an appeal shall include jurisdiction to review any
relevant decision taken by the Board in the exercise of their
functions under this section other than a decision that an indivi-
dual, a company or a firm is or is not to be treated as satisfying
a condition set out in any Part of Schedule 12 to this Act.
(7) The Board may make regulations-
(a) prescribing the period for which certificates under this
section are to be issued and the form of such
certificates ;
(b) providing for the renewal of such certificates ;
(c) providing for the issue, renewal or cancellation of such
certificates or the giving of directions under subsection
( 4 ) above by inspectors on behalf of the Board ;
( d ) requiring the production of such certificates to such
persons and in such circumstances as may be specified
in the regulations and providing for the completion and
return to the Board of forms certifying such production ;
(e) requiring the surrender to the Board of such certificates
in such circumstances as may be specified in the
regulations ;
( f ) requiring persons who make payments under contracts
relating to construction operations to keep such records
and to make to the Board such returns relating to
payments so made by them as may be specified in the
regulations, and requiring persons who hold such
1457
PART III
1458 PART III
1970 с. 9.
c .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
certificates to keep such records relating to payments so
made to them as may be so specified ; and
( g) requiring vouchers for payments made under contracts
relating to construction operations to persons who hold
such certificates to be obtained by the person making,
and given by the person receiving, the payment, pres-
cribing the form of the vouchers, and requiring their
production or surrender to the Board in such circum-
stances as may be specified in the regulations ;
and any such regulations may make different provision for
different circumstances.
( 8) Regulations under subsection (7) above shall be made by
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons.
(9) If any person, for the purpose of obtaining a certificate
under this section-
(a) makes any statement, or furnishes any document, which
he knows to be false in a material particular ; or
(b) recklessly makes any statement, or furnishes any docu-
ment, which is false in a material particular,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 5,000.
( 10) A person to whom a certificate is issued under this
section or a voucher is given is required by regulations under
subsection (7) (g) above shall take all reasonable steps to ensure
its safety ; and any person who, without lawful authority or
lawful excuse-
( a) disposes of any such certificate or voucher or any form
supplied by the Board in connection with regulations
made by virtue of subsection (7) (d ) above ; or
(b) possesses such a certificate, voucher or form or any
document purporting to be such a certificate, voucher
or form,
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 5,000.
( 11) Notwithstanding any enactment prescribing the period
within which summary proceedings may be commenced, pro-
ceedings for an offence under subsection (9) or ( 10) above may be
commenced at any time within three years from the commission
of the offence.
(12 ) In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (penalty
for failure to furnish information etc.) there shall be added-
(a) in the first column of the Table, the words " Section
70(5) of the Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975. " ; and
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1459
(b) in the second column of the Table, the words " Regu-
lations under section 70(7) of the Finance ( No. 2) Act
1975.".
PART III
71.-( 1 ) The following provisions of this section shall have Interpretation
effect for the interpretation of this Chapter. of Chapter II.
(2) " Authorised insurer " means a person or body of persons
lawfully carrying on in Great Britain insurance business of any
class relevant for the purposes of Part I of the Insurance Com-
panies Act 1974 or in Northern Ireland insurance business of 1974 c. 49.
any class relevant for the purposes of the Insurance Companies 1968 c. 6
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 . ( Ν.Ι.) .
(3) " Development corporation " has the same meaning as in
the New Towns Act 1965 or the New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1965 c. 59.
1968, " housing association " has the same meaning as in the 1968 c. 16.
Housing Act 1957, the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 or section
1957 с. 56.
12 of the Housing and Local Government ( Miscellaneous
1966 с. 49.
Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1946, " housing trust " has
the same meaning as in the Housing Act 1957, " housing
1946 c. 4( N.I.).
society " has the same meaning as in Part I of the Housing 1964 c. 56.
Act 1964, and 66
new town commission " has the same meaning
as in the New Towns Act (Northern Ireland) 1965.
1965 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
( 4) " Director " has the same meaning as in Chapter II of
Part VIII of the Taxes Act.
(5) References to the making of payments under a contract
relating to construction operations include references to the
lending of money in circumstances in which the lending of the
money has the effect of discharging any obligation under the
contract.
(6) " The preferential payments provisions " means section 30 1952 c. 33.
of the Finance Act 1952, section 287 of the Companies Act 1960 c. 22
( Northern Ireland ) 1960 and section 1(1) of the Preferential Pay- ( N.I.).
ments ( Bankruptcies and Arrangements) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 c. 32
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1964.
(7) References to relevant public liability in respect of the
business of an individual, a firm or a company carrying out any
description of construction operations are references to any
liability-
(a) which may be incurred by the individual, firm or com-
pany in respect of bodily injury or disease sustained
in the United Kingdom by any person (other than that
individual or the partners in that firm, as the case may
be ) ; and
1460 c .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART III
1969 с. 57.
1972 с. 20.
1970 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.) .
S.I. 1972 No.
1963 (Ν.Ι.6 ) .
(b) which arises from the carrying out of that description
of construction operations in the course of that
business ;
but not to a liability in respect of which the individual, firm or
company is required to maintain insurance under the Employers'
Liability ( Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969 or Part VI of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 or ( in Northern Ireland) under Part V
of the Road Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland) 1970 or Part III
of the Employers' Liability (Defective Equipment and Compul-
sory Insurance) ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1972.
( 8) " Construction operations " means operations of any
description specified in Part I of Schedule 13 to this Act, not
being operations of any description specified in Part II of that
Schedule ; and references to construction operations shall be
taken-
( a) except where the context otherwise requires, as including
references to the work of individuals participating in
the carrying out of such operations ; and
(b) except in the case of offshore installations (within the
meaning of the said Part I), as not including references
to operations carried out or to be carried out otherwise
than in the United Kingdom.
( 9) The Treasury may by order made by statutory
instrument-
(a) include in Part I of Schedule 13 to this Act any descrip-
tion of operations as to which they are satisfied that
it is a normal activity of the construction industry and
that its inclusion in that Part of the Schedule is
necessary for achieving the object of section 69 of
this Act ;
( b) include in Part II of that Schedule any description of
operations as to which they are satisfied that it cannot
properly be considered a normal activity of the con-
struction industry and ought to be excluded from Part I
of that Schedule.
(10) An order under this section shall not have effect unless a
draft thereof has been laid before and approved by the House
of Commons.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Extension of
72. Section 50 of the Finance Act 1973 (temporary statutory
Finance Act
effect of House of Commons resolution affecting stamp duties)
1973 s . 50 to
stamp duties in shall extend to Northern Ireland and apply to stamp_duties
Northern
having effect there as well as to stamp duties having effect in
Ireland.
Great Britain.
1973 с. 51 .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1461
73.-( 1 ) Where the holder or any of the joint holders of PART IV
Government stock is a minor the Bank may, if it thinks fit , but Government
subject to subsection (2) below-
stock held by
minors.
( a) pay the dividends accruing on the stock in accordance
with the written instructions of a parent or guardian
of the minor or minors ;
( b) pay any redemption money becoming payable in
respect of the stock in accordance with the written
instructions of the minor or minors and a parent or
guardian of his or each of them ;
( c ) give effect to a transfer of the stock in accordance with
the written instructions of the minor or minors and a
parent or guardian of his or each of them ;
( and, in each case, of every other joint holder who is not
a minor ) .
( 2) The Bank shall not exercise any power conferred on it
by paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection ( 1) above unless the Bank
is satisfied that the minor has attained the age of seven years .
(3) Where the Bank makes a payment or effects a transfer
in accordance with this section and the instructions given under
it, then-
( a ) in the case of a payment, the payment shall discharge
the Bank of its liabilities in respect of the dividend
which has accrued or redemption money which has
become payable on the stock ;
(b) in the case of a transfer, the transfer shall not be
revocable at the instance of the minor (except in
circumstances in which it would be revocable at the
instance of a person who was not a minor) ;
and no other liability arising out of the payment or transfer
shall be incurred by the Bank to any person.
( 4 ) In this section-
" Government stock " means securities of any description
issued by the Government of the United Kingdom and
registered by the Bank ; and
" the Bank " means the Bank of England or, as the case
requires, the Bank of Ireland ;
and references in subsection ( 1) above to the instructions of a
guardian are, in a case where there are joint guardians,
references to the joint instructions of those guardians.
(5) This section shall not apply to a pupil or minor domiciled
in Scotland .
1462 c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
PART IV 74. The Solicitors Act 1974 shall have effect, and be deemed
Use of trustee always to have had effect, as if in the definition of " bank "
savings banks in section 87(1) there were inserted at the end of paragraph ( b)
by solicitors for the words " and
client's money
etc.
( c) a trustee savings bank within the meaning of section 3
1974 с. 47.
of the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1969 " .
1969 с. 50.
Citation,
75.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Finance ( No. 2) Act
interpretation, 1975.
construction
and repeals.
1970 с. 10.
1952 с. 44.
1972 с. 41 .
1965 с. 25.
(2 ) In this Act " the Taxes Act " means the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ; and in Part I of this Act " the
Act of 1952 " means the Customs and Excise Act 1952.
( 3) In this Act-
( a ) Part I, except sections 2 to 6, shall be construed as one
with the Customs and Excise Act 1952 ;
(b) Part II , so far as it relates to value added tax, shall be
construed as one with Part I of the Finance Act 1972 ;
and
( c) Part III , so far as it relates to income tax, shall be
construed as one with the Income Tax Acts, so far as
it relates to corporation tax shall be construed as one
with the Corporation Tax Acts and, so far as it
relates to capital gains tax, shall be construed as one
with Part III of the Finance Act 1965.
( 4 ) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, and as including a
reference to that enactment as applied, by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
(5 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 14 to this Act
( Part IV of which includes certain enactments which had
ceased to have effect before the commencement of this Act)
are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column
of that Schedule, but subject to any provision at the end of
any Part of that Schedule.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c .45
1463
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED IN VEHICLES (EXCISE) ACT 1971
I
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 1
Section 5.
1971 с. 10.
Description of vehicle
1. Bicycles and tricycles of which the cylinder capacity of the
engine does not exceed 150 cubic centimetres ; electrically
propelled bicycles; electrically propelled tricycles which
do not exceed 165 pounds in weight unladen...
...
2. Bicycles of which the cylinder capacity of the engine exceeds
150 cubic centimetres but does not exceed 250 cubic
centimetres; tricycles (other than those in the foregoing
paragraph) and vehicles ( other than mowing machines)
with more than three wheels, being tricycles and vehicles
neither constructed nor adapted for use nor used for the
carriage of a driver or passenger... ... ...
...
Rate
of duty
£
4.00
8.00
3. Bicycles and tricycles not in the foregoing paragraphs
... 16.00
II
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 2
Description of vehicle
Hackney carriages... ...
Rate of duty
£
20.00
with an additional 50p for each person
above 20 (excluding the driver) for which
the vehicle has seating capacity.
1464 c . 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
SCH. 1 III
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 3
Weight unladen
ofvehicle Rate ofduty
1 . 2 . 3 . 4 .
5 .
Additional
foreach
tonor
part ofa
Description of vehicle Exceeding Not Initial
ton in
exceeding excess
ofthe
weight in column 2
£
6.65
£
-
1. Agricultural machines; digging
machines; mobile cranes ;
works trucks ; mowing
machines.
2. Haulage vehicles, being show-
men's vehicles .
3. Haulage vehicles, not being
showmen's vehicles.
74tons
62-65
74 tons
8tons
75.00
8tons 10tons 87-35-
10tons- 87-35 12-65
- 2tons 80.00
2tons 4tons 144.00
4tons 6tons 198.00
6tons 74 tons 252-00
74 tons 8tons 306-00
8 tons 306.00 54.0
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 IV
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED IN PART II OF SCHEDULE 4
TABLES SHOWING ANNUAL RATES OF DUTY ON GOODS VEHICLES
TABLEA
GENERAL RATES OF DUTY
c .45
1465
SCH. 1
Weight unladen
of vehicle Rate ofduty
1 .
2 . 3 . 4 .
Description of vehicle Exceeding Not
exceeding
Initial
5 .
Additional
for each
+ton or
part ofa
+ton in
excess
ofthe
weight in column 2
£
£
1. Farmers' goods vehicles... 12cwt.
23-35
12 cwt. 16cwt. 25-65
16cwt. 1ton 28.00
1ton 14tons 30-35-
14tons 24tons 30-35 2.65
21 tons 44tons 43.60 3.35
44tons 54 tons 67.05 1.35
54 tons 81 tons 75-15 1.65
8+ tons 93-30 1-35
2. Showmen's goods vehicles 12 cwt. 23-35-
12 cwt. 16cwt. 25-65-
16 cwt. 1ton 28.00-
1ton 3tons 28.00 2.65
3tons 4tons 49.20 3.00
4tons 5tons 61.20 2.65
5tons 6tons 71.80 2-35
6tons 81-20 2.65
3. Electrically propelled goods
12cwt. 32.00
vehicles (other than farmers'
12 cwt. 16cwt. 35.00
goods vehicles or showmen's 16 cwt. 1ton 39-35-
goods vehicles); tower 1ton 6tons 39-35 4.00
wagons. 6tons 7 tons 119-35 3-35
7 tons 84 tons 132-75 3.65
84 tons 151.00 4.00
4. Goods vehicles not included
in any of the foregoing provi-
sions of this Part of this
Schedule.
16cwt. 40.00-
16 cwt. 1ton 48.65-
1ton 1½ tons 48-65 8.65
1½tons 2tons 65.95 9.00
2tons 3tons 83.95 10.00
3 tons 4tons 123.95 14.00
4tons 179.95 18.00
Q
1466 c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 1 TABLEB
RATES OF DUTY ON GOODS VEHICLES USED FOR DRAWING TRAILERS
1 . Weight unladen
ofvehicle
4 .
Description of vehicle 2 .
Exceeding
3.
Not
exceeding
Rate
ofduty
£
1. Showmen's goods vehicles 23-35...
2. Electrically propelled goods vehicles (other
than farmers' goods vehicles and show-
men's goods vehicles) ; tower wagons.
1½ tons
3 tons
1½ tons 18.65
3 tons 32.00
- 36.00
3. Other goods vehicles 1½ tons 18.65
1½tons 24 tons 32.00
2½tons 4tons 53-35
4tons 72.00
V
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 5
Description of vehicle
Rate
ofduty
£
1. Electrically propelled vehicles ; vehicles not exceeding
7 horse-power, if registered under the Roads Act 1920
for the first time before 1st January 1947
... ... 28-80
2. Vehicles not included above...
40.00
... ...
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1467
SCHEDULE 2
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED IN VEHICLES ( EXCISE) ACT
( NORTHERN IRELAND) 1972
I
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 1
Section 6.
1972 c. 10 ( Ν.Ι. ).
Description of vehicle
Rate
ofduty
£
1. Bicycles and tricycles of which the cylinder capacity of the
engine does not exceed 150 cubic centimetres; electrically
propelled bicycles; electrically propelled tricycles which
do not exceed 165 pounds in weight unladen... ...
2. Bicycles of which the cylinder capacity of the engine exceeds
150 cubic centimetres but does not exceed 250 cubic
centimetres ; tricycles ( other than those in the foregoing
paragraph ) and vehicles ( other than mowing machines)
with more than three wheels, being tricycles and vehicles
neither constructed nor adapted for use nor used for the
carriage of a driver or passenger... ...
...
4.00
8.00
3. Bicycles and tricycles not in the foregoing paragraphs
... 16.00
II
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 2
Description of vehicle Rate ofduty
Hackney carriages... ...
£
20.00
with an additional 50p for each person
above 20 (excluding the driver) for which
the vehicle has seating capacity.
Q2
1468 c.45
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 2
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 3
Weight unladen
of vehicle Rate of duty
1 . 2 . 3. 4 .
Description of vehicle Exceeding Not
exceeding
Initial
5 .
Additional
for each
tonor
partofa
ton in
excess
ofthe
weight in column 2
£
1. Agricultural machines ; digging
machines; mobile cranes ;
works trucks; mowing
machines .
2. Haulage vehicles, being show-
men's vehicles.
- -
£ 6.65 6.65
3. Haulage vehicles, not being
showmen's vehicles.
74 tons 62-65
74tons 8tons 75.00
8tons 10tons 87-35-
10tons 87-35 12-65
2tons 71-00-
2tons 4tons 128.00
4tons 6tons 176-00
6tons 74tons 224-00
74 tons 8tons 272-00
8tons 272-00 48.00
Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975 c. 45
1469
IV
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 4
TABLES SHOWING ANNUAL RATES OF DUTY ON GOODS VEHICLES
TABLEA
GENERAL RATES OF DUTY
SCH. 2
Weight unladen
of vehicle Rate ofduty
1 .
2 . 3 . 4 .
Description of vehicle Exceeding Not
exceeding Initial
5 .
Additional
for each
+ton or
part of a
+ton in
excess
ofthe
weight in column 2
£
£
1. Farmers' goods vehicles 12cwt.
23-35
12cwt. 16cwt. 25-65
16cwt. 1ton 28.00-
1ton 14tons 30-35
14tons 24 tons 30-35 2.65
24tons 34tons 43.60 3-35
34tons 57.00 1.00
2. Showmen's goods vehicles;
12cwt. 30.00-
electrically propelled goods
12 cwt . 16cwt. 32.00-
vehicles ( other than farmers'
16 cwt. 1ton 36.00
-
goods vehicles) ; tower 1ton 3tons 36.00 1.65
wagons. 3tons 4tons 49-20 3.00
4 tons 5tons 61-20 2.65
5tons 6tons 71.80 2-35
6tons- 81-20 2.65
3. Goods vehicles not included in
any of the foregoing provi-
sions of this Part.
16cwt. 40.00
16 cwt. 1ton 43-35
1ton 14tons 50-65-
14 tons 2tons 50-65 8.00
2tons 3tons 74-65 9.00
3tons 4tons 110-65 12-35
4 tons 160.05 16.00
3
1470 c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 2 TABLE B
RATES OF DUTY ON GOODS VEHICLES USED FOR DRAWING TRAILERS
1 . Weight unladen
ofvehicle
4 .
Description of vehicle 2 . 3.
Not
Exceeding exceeding
Rate
ofduty
£
23-35
1. Showmen's goods vehicles ; electrically
propelled goods vehicles ( other than
farmers' goods vehicles) ; tower wagons.
2. Other goods vehicles.. 1½ tons 18.65
1½ tons 24 tons 28-35
24 tons 4tons 48.00
4tons 64.00
V
PROVISIONS SUBSTITUTED FOR PART II OF SCHEDULE 5
Description of vehicle
Rate
ofduty
£
28-80
1. Electrically propelled...
... ...
2. Not electrically propelled-
( a ) if first registered under the Roads Act 1920 before
1st January 1947, or which, if its first registration
for taxation purposes had been effected in Northern
Ireland, would have been so first registered as
aforesaid under that Act as in force in Northern
Ireland-
( i ) not exceeding 6 horse-power
... ... ... 24.00
(ii ) exceeding 6 horse-power but not exceeding
9 horse-power -for each unit or part of a
unit of horse-power ... ... ... ...
( b ) other vehicles... ... ... ... ... ...
4.00
40.00
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c. 45
1471
SCHEDULE 3
Section 8 .
REVENUE DUTIES : AMENDMENTS OF
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE AND OTHER ACTS
PART I
AMENDMENTS CONNECTED WITH CONVERSION OF
CERTAIN REVENUE DUTIES
General adaptation of enactments
1.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule and
save where the context otherwise requires, any reference in the
customs Acts or excise Acts or in any instrument of a legislative
character made thereunder which is in force at the end of 1975
and any reference in any other Act then in force to a duty or duties
of customs (and any reference to duty or customs in so far as it is
a reference to a duty or duties of customs) not being a reference to
a Community customs duty shall, after the end of 1975, be taken
to be a reference to, or to so much of, a duty or duties ( whether
expressed to be of customs or excise) for the time being chargeable
on goods imported into the United Kingdom and any reference in
those Acts or instruments to, or which is to be construed as a refer-
ence to, customs drawback, customs charge or customs clearance
shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule and save
where the context otherwise requires, any reference in the customs
Acts or excise Acts or in any instrument of a legislative character
made thereunder which is in force at the end of 1975 and any
reference in any other Act then in force to a duty or duties of excise
( and any reference to duty or excise in so far as it is a reference to
a duty or duties of excise ) being a reference to a duty or duties
chargeable on goods shall, after the end of 1975 , be taken to be a
reference to, or to so much of, a duty or duties for the time being
chargeable on goods produced or manufactured in the United
Kingdom and any reference in those Acts or instruments which is to
be construed as a reference to excise drawback shall be construed
accordingly.
2. Subject to paragraphs 16 to 22 below, any reference in the
Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs & Excise) Act 1971 to the duty of excise 1971 с. 12
on hydrocarbon oil (and any reference to duty in so far as it is a
reference to the duty of excise on such oil ) shall, after the end of
1975, be taken to include a reference to any excise duty for the time
being chargeable on hydrocarbon oil imported into the United
Kingdom.
Specific amendments
3. In section 103( 5) of the Act of 1952 ( amount of drawback on
British compounds and spirits of wine), after the words " the date
when" insert the word " excise ".
Q4
1472 1953 с. 34.
1952 с. 44.
1958 с. 6.
1958 с. 11 .
с . 45
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 3 4. In section 109(1) ( a) of the Act of 1952 (immature spirits may be
delivered for home use if allowed to be delivered without payment
of duty), after the words " payment of" insert the word " excise ".
5. In section 111(1) and section 122 of the Act of 1952 ( which
provide for remission of duty on spirits in certain cases by reference
to the duties of customs and excise), for paragraphs ( a ) and (b) sub-
stitute the words " without payment of the excise duty chargeable
thereon " and omit the proviso to section 111(1 ).
6. In section 112 (1) of the Act of 1952 (repayment of duty on
spirits used for medical or scientific purposes), after the words " spirits
on which " insert the word " excise" .
7. In section 113(1) (a ) of the Act of 1952 ( imported mixtures on
which duty charged at reduced rate not to be used for other than
medical or scientific purposes without permission ), for the words
" been charged with duty at a reduced rate " substitute the words
" been relieved to any extent of the excise duty chargeable ".
8. In section 222 (1) of the Act of 1952 (provisions as to com-
ponents of mechanical lighters and other matters relating to duty
on such lighters), for the words " provision of the excise Acts relating
to the excise duty on mechanical lighters " substitute the words " duty
of excise on mechanical lighters imported into or manufactured in
the United Kingdom ".
9. In section 263( 3) of the Act of 1952 (relief from duty where
certain materials for use by a brewer have been destroyed or become
spoilt or unfit for use), before the word " duty " in both places where
it occurs insert the word " excise " .
10. In section 309( 4 ) (certain products of Isle of Man removed
to United Kingdom chargeable with customs duty as if imported if
not or not fully charged with customs duty in Island ) , in paragraph
(b) after the word " customs " in both places where it occurs insert
the words " or excise " .
11. In section 310(1) (restriction on removal to United Kingdom
of Isle of Man goods not or not fully charged with customs duty in
Island ) after the words " customs duty " wherever occurring insert
the words " or excise duty " .
12. In section 3( 3) of the Finance Act 1953 ( definition of prescribed
component of mechanical lighters in absence of definition under the
said section 222), for the words from " the said " to " applied by
this section " substitute the words " section 222 of the Customs and
Excise Act 1952 in its application to the duty of excise on mechanical
lighters imported into the United Kingdom ".
13. In section 3 of the Import Duties Act 1958, subsections ( 1) to
( 3) (import duties not generally to be imposed on goods subject to
customs duty ) shall be omitted.
14. In section 2( 4) of the Isle of Man Act 1958 (meaning of
" equal duties " for the purposes of sharing arrangements) , after the
word " customs " wherever occurring in paragraphs (a ) and (b)
insert the words or excise "."
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
15. In section 6(1) of the Finance Act 1970 (exemption of angos- SCH. 3
tura bitters from spirits duty), for the words " section 1 of the 1970 с. 24.
Finance Act 1964 ( duties of customs and excise duty on spirits ) " 1964 с. 29.
substitute " the charge of excise duty on spirits " .
16. In section 4( 2) of the Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs & Excise) 1971 c. 12.
Act 1971 (time and rate of charge of customs duty on hydrocarbon
oil removed to refinery) ( which Act is hereinafter referred to as " the
1971 Act "), for the word " customs " substitute the word " excise ".
17. In section 6 of the 1971 Act (excise duty on hydrocarbon oil
and on petrol substitutes and spirits for power methylated spirits),
for the words " duty of customs charged under section 4 above " sub-
stitute the words " duty of excise on hydrocarbon oil ".
18. In section 8(3) of the 1971 Act ( penalty for misuse of duty- free
hydrocarbon oil ), for the word " customs " substitute the word
"excise" .
19. In section 15(1) of the 1971 Act ( relief for heavy oil used
by horticultural producers), before the word " duty " insert the word
" excise ".
20. In section 16 of the 1971 Act (relief for fuel for ships in home
waters), in subsections ( 1) and ( 2), before the word " duty " insert
the word " excise ".
21. In section 17 of the 1971 Act (relief for fuel used in fishing
boats, etc.), in subsection (3), before the word " duty " insert the
word " excise " .
22. In Schedule 3 to the 1971 Act (regulations about hydrocarbon
oil ), in paragraphs 8 and 9, for the word " customs " substitute the
word " excise " and in paragraphs 10 and 11, after the words " excise
duty " insert the words " chargeable on hydrocarbon oil produced in
the United Kingdom ".
23. For section 27(1) of the Finance Act 1972 (supply in ware- 1972 с. 41 .
house of goods subject to customs duty to be disregarded for purposes
of value added tax ) substitute the following-
" ( 1) Where imported goods subject to a duty of customs or
excise or a duty of customs and a duty of excise are supplied
while warehoused, the supply shall be disregarded for the pur-
poses of this Part of this Act if the goods are supplied before
payment of the duty to which they are subject or, where they
are subject to a duty of customs and a duty of excise, of the
duty of excise. "
24. In section 57(3) of the Finance Act 1972 ( duty not payable
on spirits in articles for medical purposes) , before the word " Duty "
at the beginning of the subsection insert the word " Excise " .
PART II
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO CERTAIN
REVENUE DUTIES
25. In section 105(1) of the Act of 1952 (restrictions on carrying
on of other trades by distiller or rectifier ), for the words " maker
of British wine or " substitute the words " producer of wine or of
made- wine, maker of " .
1473
1474 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 3 26. In section 137(1) of the Act of 1952 (relief for beer in certain
cases), after the words " drawback shall be allowable " insert the
words " on the removal to a warehouse on the premises of a licensed
producer of made-wine or ".
27. For section 140 of the Act of 1952 (power to regulate making
or rendering sparkling of British wine, etc. ) substitute the following
section-
“Power to
regulate regulate
making of
wine and
made- wine
and pro-
vide for
charging
duty there-
on.
140.- (1) The Commissioners may with a view to
managing the excise duties on wine and made- wine
produced in the United Kingdom for sale make
regulations-
( a ) regulating the production of wine and made-
wine for sale and the issue, renewal and can-
cellation of excise licences therefor ;
(b ) for determining the duty and the rates thereof
and in that connection prescribing the method
of charging the duty ;
(c ) prohibiting or restricting the use of wine in the
production of made-wine ;
( d ) for securing and collecting the duty ;
(e) for relieving wine or made- wine from excise duty
in such circumstances and to such extent as may
be prescribed in the regulations .
( 2) If any person fails to comply with any regulation
made under this section, he shall be liable to a penalty
of £50 and any article in respect of which the offence
was committed shall be liable to forfeiture. "
28. Section 141 of the Act of 1952 (method of charging excise
duty on British wine) shall be omitted .
29. In section 142 of the Act of 1952 (fortification of British wine
in warehouse)
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " with " to " duty-free
spirits " substitute the words " in warehouse with made-
wine ( whether imported into or produced in the United
Kingdom ) of spirits which are free of excise duty " ; and
(b) subsection ( 2) shall be omitted.
30. Section 143 of the Act of 1952 ( wine to be imported only at
approved ports) shall be omitted.
31. In section 144 of the Act of 1952 ( fortification of imported
wine in warehouse) -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " with wine in warehouse "
substitute the words " in warehouse with wine (whether im-
ported into or produced in the United Kingdom) " ; and
(b) subsection ( 2 ) shall be omitted.
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1475
32. In section 145 of the Act of 1952 (rendering imported wine sparkling in warehouse) the following amendments shall be made,
that is to say-
(a ) subsections (1) and (2) shall be omitted ;
(b ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " Wine shall not " substitute
the words " Neither imported wine nor imported made-
wine shall " and for the words " under subsection (1) of this
section ", substitute the words " in accordance with regu-
lations under section 16( 2) of the Finance (No. 2) Act
1975 " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4), paragraph (a ) shall be omitted ;
( d ) in subsection (5), for the word " wine " where first occurring
substitute the words " imported wine and imported made-
wine ", for the words " otherwise than as permitted under
this section " substitute the words " in contravention of
subsection ( 4) above ", after the words " including wine "
"
insert the words or made-wine " and after the words
any wine " insert the words " or made-wine "."
33. In section 146( 3) of the Act of 1952 (certain wholesale dealing
in intoxicating liquors allowed without licence ), for the words
" maker of British wine " substitute the words " licensed producer
of wine or of made-wine ".
34. In section 168 of the Act of 1952 ( reduced duty on certain
part-year licences), for the words " maker of British wine " substitute
the words " producer of wine or made- wine " .
35. In section 169( 2) of the Act of 1952 (relief from licence duty
on permanent discontinuance of certain trades), for the words " maker
of British wine " substitute the words " producer of wine or of made-
wine "..
36. In section 170(1) of the Act of 1952 (payment by instalments
of duty on licence for certain trades), for the words " maker of
British wine" substitute the words " producer of wine or of made-
wine or".
37. In section 172(6) of the Act of 1952 (application of provisions
of that section for ascertaining alcoholic strength etc. to fermented
liquors), at the end add " but, in relation to wine or made- wine, shall
not apply so as to prevent the strength, weight or volume of wine
or made-wine from being ascertained for the purpose of charging
duty thereon by methods other than that provided in this section ".
38. In section 221 ( 1)(d ) of the Act of 1952 (regulations may allow
delivery of complete or incomplete mechanical lighters free of excise
duty ), for the words " without payment of any duty of excise " sub-
stitute the words "
imported into or manufactured in the United
Kingdom without payment of the excise duty ".
39. In section 248( 2) of the Act of 1952 (entry upon premises of
excise traders ), for the words " maker of British wine " substitute the
words " producer of wine or made-wine " .
40. In section 249(5) of the Act of 1952 (excise traders subject to
power of search for concealed pipes etc. ), for the words " makers of
SCH. 3
1476 1959 с. 51 .
c.45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
SCH. 3
British wine " substitute the words " producers of wine or made-
wine".
41. In section 253( 3) of the Act of 1952 (power of distraint for
duty unpaid by excise traders), for the words " maker of British
wine " substitute the words " or licensed producer of wine or made-
wine".
42. In section 263( 4 ) of the Act of 1952 ( relief from duty where
certain liquors are spoilt or unfit for use ), for the words "or British
wine " wherever occurring substitute the words " wine or made- wine ",
for the words " maker of British wine " substitute the words " licensed
producer of wine or of made-wine ", for the words " or maker " sub-
66
stitute the words or producer " and before the word " duty " insert
the word " excise ".
43. In section 295( 2) of the Act of 1952 (procedure and status
of sample taken from certain excise traders ), for the words " maker
of British wine " substitute the words 66
or producer of wine or of
made-wine ".
44. In section 307(1) of the Act of 1952 ( definitions), the following
amendments shall be made, that is to say-
(a ) the definitions of " British wine " (that is, " sweets ") and
" maker of British wine " shall be omitted ;
( b) for the definition of " wine " substitute adefinition in terms
of section 14( 5) of this Act ;
66
( c ) for the definition of perfect entry " substitute the
following-
وو
" perfect entry means an entry made in accordance
with section 28 of this Act or regulations made under
section 16( 2) of the Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975, as the case
may require ;
ود
( d ) in the appropriate places in alphabetical order insert the
following definitions, namely-
(i ) definitions of " made-wine " and of " non-excisable
cider " in terms of section 15( 6 ) of this Act ; and
(ii) " producer of wine " and " producer of made-wine "
include respectively a person who renders wine or made-
wine sparkling and " produce ", in relation to wine or
made-wine, shall be construed accordingly and " licensed ",
in relation to a producer of wine or of made-wine, means
a producer who holds a licence to produce wine or made-
wine under subsection (2) of section 14 or 15 respectively
of the Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975.
45. In section 199(1 ) of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (defini-
tions for the purposes of that Act), in the definition of " excisable
liquor " for the word " sweets " (that is, British wine) substitute the
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1477
word " made-wine ", omit the definition of " sweets " and in the
appropriate places in alphabetical order insert the following
definitions-
" made-wine " means made-wine within the meaning of the
Customs and Excise Act 1952 ;
" wine " means wine within the meaning of the Customs and
Excise Act 1952.
SCH. 3
1952 с. 44.
46. In Part VI of Schedule 4 to the Weights and Measures Act 1963 c. 31 .
1963 and in Part VI of Schedule 2 to the Weights and Measures Act 1967 c. 6
( Northern Ireland ) 1967 ( regulation of selling etc. of intoxicating ( N.I.) .
liquor), in paragraph 1 after the word " beer " insert the word " and "
and omit the words " wine and British wine " and at the end of that
paragraph add the words " and ' wine ' and ' British wine ' have the
same meanings respectively as they had for the purposes of that Act
immediately before the end of 1975. " .
47. In section 201( 1) of the Licensing Act 1964 (definitions for the 1964 c. 26.
purposes of that Act ), for the definition of " wine " (added by
Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1967) substitute the following 1967 с. 54.
definition-
" wine " means wine within the meaning of the Customs and
Excise Act 1952 and made-wine within the meaning of
that Act.
SCHEDULE 4
WINE : RATES OF DUTY
Section 14.
Description of wine
( instrengths measured by reference to the
following percentages of alcohol by volume
at a temperature of 20° C.)
Rates of duty
( per gallon )
£
Wine of an alcoholic strength-
not exceeding 15% 2.6250
... ...
exceeding 15 but not exceeding 18% ... ...
2.9350
exceeding 18 but not exceeding 22% ... ...
3.3500
exceeding 22%... ... 3.3500 plus
£0.3850 for every 1 % or
part of 1 % in excess of
22 %;
each of the above rates
of duty being, in the
case of sparkling wine,
increased by £0.6500
pergallon.
1478 c .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
Section 15. SCHEDULE 5
MADE-WINE : RATES OF DUTY
Description of made-wine
( in strengths measured by reference to the
following percentages of alcohol by volume
at a temperature of 20° C.)
Made-wine of an alcoholic strength-
not exceeding 10%
...
exceeding 10 but not exceeding 15%
exceeding 15 but not exceeding 18%
... ...
...
exceeding 18 %... ...
Rates of duty
( pergallon )
£
1.7000
2-5450
2.8300
2.8300 plus
£ 0.3850 for every 1 % or
part of 1 % in excess of
18%;
each of the above rates
of duty being, in the
case of sparkling made-
wine, increased by
£0.3000 per gallon.
Section 16.
SCHEDULE 6
AMENDMENTS OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE ACTS ABOUT
WAREHOUSING OF GOODS
1. In section 34( 2)(b) of the Act of 1952 ( rate ofduty on imported
goods entered for warehousing to be ascertained as provided in
section 88) for the words 66
as provided in section 88 of this Act "
substitute the words " in accordance with regulations under section
16 ( 2) of the Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 " .
2. In section 38 of the Act of 1952 (right to warehouse goods
"
without payment of duty) after the word allowed " insert the
words " subject to such conditions or restrictions as may be imposed
by or under regulations made under section 16(2)(a) of the Finance
( No. 2) Act 1975 ” .
3. In section 80 (1) of the Act of 1952 (approval of warehouses for
keeping goods subject to conditions) omit the following words, that
is to say-
( a ) in paragraph ( a ) the words from " subject " to " impose " ;
"
( b ) in paragraphs ( b) and (e), the words from subject to
as aforesaid " ;“
and after paragraph ( e ) insert the words " subject to and in accord-
ance with regulations under section 16( 2) of the Finance ( No. 2 )
Act 1975."
4. In section 92(2) of the Act of 1952 (general offences relating to
warehoused goods ), in paragraph ( b), after the word " Act " insert
the words " or by or under regulations under section 16( 2) of the
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975."
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1479
5. In section 101 of the Act of 1952 ( penalty for excess or defi-
ciency of stock), in subsection ( 3), after the word " section " insert the
words " spirits used by a rectifier in warehouse in pursuance of regu-
lations made under section 16(2)( c) of the Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975
shall be deemed not to be spirits in his stock as a rectifier and "
and after the word " possession " insert the words " (other than spirits
so used ) ".
6. In section 102 of the Act of 1952 (restrictions on use of spirits
by rectifiers) after subsection (4) insert the following subsection-
"(5) Spirits used in warehouse in pursuance of regulations made
under section 16( 2)( c) of the Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975 shall be
treated for the purposes of this section as spirits on which duty
has been duly paid".
7. In section 104 (3) of the Act of 1952 (exclusion of allowance
under that section on British compounded spirits ) after the word
" section " insert the words " if those spirits were compounded in
warehouse in pursuance of regulations made under section 16 ( 2) ( c)
of the Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975 or, in any other case, ".
8. In section 109(1) of the Act of 1952 (immature spirits not to
be delivered for home use except in certain cases) after proviso ( h)
add the following proviso-
" (i ) to spirits compounded in warehouse in pursuance of regula-
tions made under section 16(2)(c ) of the Finance ( No. 2 )
Act 1975."
SCH. 6
SCHEDULE 7
VAT : HIGHER RATE
GROUP 1-DOMESTIC APPLIANCES
Item No.
1. Goods of a kind suitable for domestic use which are operated
by electricity or, in the case of horticultural appliances, by
electricity or by an internal combustion engine, except-
( a ) boiling rings, ovens, ranges and stoves ;
(b) space heaters ;
(c) appliances for water heating ordinarily installed as
fixtures ;
( d ) light fittings and torches ;
(e ) telephones of a kind supplied by the Post Office and
ancillary equipment of a kind so supplied ;
( f ) tools of a kind used wholly or mainly for carpentry,
metalwork or masonry work ;
( g ) clocks, watches and timing devices ;
( h) mechanical lighters ;
Section 17 .
1480 SCH. 7
1952 с. 44.
с. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
(i ) hearing aids ;
( 1 ) goods suitable for domestic use as, and only as, parts
of goods ( whether operated by electricity or not ) of
a kind mentioned in paragraphs ( a ) to (i ) ;
( k ) goods within Group 2 or Group 5.
2. Refrigerators and freezers of a kind suitable for domestic
use, not being goods within Item 1 .
3. Accessories to goods within Item 1 or Item 2.
4. Accessories to goods excepted from Item 1 by paragraph ( f )
of that Item, if the accessories are for horticultural use.
5. Goods of a kind suitable for use as parts of goods comprised
in Items 1 to 4, except-
(a ) nuts, bolts, screws, screw caps, nails, washers, rivets,
split pins, press studs, buckles, hose fittings, tube
fittings, springs, bushes and bearings ;
( b ) hinges, brackets, latches, catches, locks and keys ;
( c ) electric batteries, fuses, mains plugs, electric filament
light bulbs and fluorescent tubes ;
(d ) wheels (other than steering wheels), castors and tyres
and parts of such goods ;
( e ) goods of a kind used mainly as parts of engines for
road vehicles ;
( f ) sewing machine needles.
6. The installation, alteration, testing, repair or maintenance
of , or the provision of similar services in respect of , goods
comprised in Items 1 to 5.
7. The supply of goods in connection with a supply of services
within Item 6.
Notes :
(1) The goods excepted from Item 1 by paragraph ( a ) of that Item
do not include hotplates or other appliances for keeping food hot.
(2 ) " Mechanical lighters " has the meaning assigned to it by section
221(4) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952.
GROUP 2-RADIO AND TELEVISION SETS, ETC.
Item No.
1. Goods of a kind suitable for domestic or recreational use which
are, or are capable of use as, goods within the following
paragraphs-
( a ) television sets ;
( b) radio receivers or transmitters ;
( c ) gramophones or tape recorders ;
( d ) electronic musical instruments.
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 с .45
1481
2. Microphones , radio-tuners, turntables, amplifiers, loudspeakers
and other goods capable of use as components of goods
within Item 1, being of a kind suitable for domestic or
recreational use.
3. Combinations of goods within Item 2.
4. Accessories to goods comprised in Items 1 to 3.
5. Goods of a kind suitable for use as parts of goods comprised
in Items 1 to 4, except goods within the exceptions from
Item 5 of Group 1.
6. The installation, alteration, testing, repair or maintenance of,
or the provision of similar services in respect of, goods
comprised in Items 1 to 5.
7. The supply of goods in connection with a supply of services
within Item 6.
Notes :
(1) Items 1 and 2 include goods which can be adapted to produce
goods within those Items .
( 2 ) " Television sets and " radio receivers " include apparatus
designed to receive programmes transmitted by wire.
( 3) " Gramophones or tape recorders " includes video cassette
machines and other equipment for recording or reproducing sound
or visual images by means of gramophone records, magnetic tape or
similar recording media.
( 4 ) " Electronic musical instruments " means musical instruments
which incorporate, or are designed for use with, an amplifier.
( 5 ) On and after 1st August 1975 Item 1 shall not include any
television set which was, and so long as it remains, supplied under a
contract of hire entered into prior to 16th April 1975.
( 6 ) Item 3 does not include hearing aids.
( 7 ) " Accessories " includes aerials.
( 8) Item 4 does not include-
(i) gramophone records, magnetic tape or other recording
media ;
(ii) goods for cleaning or storing goods within paragraph
( i ) ;
(iii ) tape splicers .
GROUP 3-BOATS AND AIRCRAFT
SCH. 7
Item No.
1. Boats-
( a ) of a gross tonnage of less than 15 tons ; or
( b) designed for use for recreation or pleasure ;
except boats which are of a kind used solely as liferafts and
comply with the requirements of the rules for the time
being in force under section 427 of the Merchant Shipping 1894 c. 60.
Act 1894 in relation to liferafts.
2. Boats adapted for use for recreation or pleasure.
1482 с .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
1968 с. 59.
SCH. 7 3. Aircraft-
(a ) of a weight of less than 8,000 kilogrammes ; or
( b) designed or adapted for use for recreation or pleasure.
4.
Hovercraft designed or adapted for use for recreation or
pleasure.
5.
The following accessories to goods within Item 1 or Item 2,
namely-
( a ) outboard motors and other engines ;
( b ) electricity generators ;
( c ) sails ;
(d ) compasses, echo sounders, radar sets, logs, wind
speed, wind direction and boat speed indicators, and
other navigational and meteorological instruments
and recorders ;
(e) automatic pilots and automatic steering gear ;
( f ) trailers and trolleys.
6. Goods of a kind suitable for use as parts of goods within Item
1 or Item 5, except goods within the exceptions from Item 5
ofGroup 1 .
7. Parts of aircraft which are of a weight of less than 8,000 kilo-
grammes and of a kind used for recreation or pleasure,
except parts within the exceptions from Item 5 of Group 1 .
8. The alteration, testing, repair or maintenance of, or the pro-
vision of similar services in respect of, goods within Item 1 ,
Item 5 or Item 6.
9. The supply of materials or parts in connection with a supply
of services within Item 8 .
10. The classification or surveying of, or the making of arrange-
ments for the supply of, goods comprised in Items 1 to 5.
Notes :
(1) " Boats " includes ships, inflatable craft and submersibles.
(2) " Aircraft " includes gliders and balloons .
( 3) " Hovercraft " has the same meaning as in the Hovercraft Act
1968.
( 4 ) This Group does not include the letting on hire of a boat-
( a ) as holiday accommodation for a period not exceeding 28
consecutive days by a person who customarily hires out
boats to the public for such purposes ; or
( b ) for a period of less than a day if the boat is customarily held
out for letting for such periods ;
or the making of arrangements for any such letting.
GROUP 4 CARAVANS
Item No.
1. Caravans suitable for use as trailers drawn by motor vehicles
having an unladen weight of less than 2,030 kilogrammes.
2. Caravan units designed to be mounted and carried on, and
de- mounted from, motor vehicles.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c .45
1483
3. Goods of a kind suitable for use as parts of goods within Item
1 or Item 2, except goods within the exceptions from Item 5
of Group 1.
4. The alteration, repair or maintenance of, or the provision of
similar services in respect of, goods comprised in Items 1
to 3.
5. The supply of materials or parts in connection with a supply
of services within Item 4.
6. The making of arrangements for the supply of goods within
Item 1 or Item 2.
Notes :
( 1) Items 1 and 2 do not include removable contents of a kind not
ordinarily installed as fixtures.
( 2) This Group does not include the letting on hire of a caravan-
( a ) for use solely on a specified site ; or
(b ) as holiday accommodation for a period not exceeding 28
consecutive days by a person who customarily hires out
caravans to the public for such purposes ;
or the making of arrangements for any such letting.
SCH. 7
GROUP 5-PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT,
BINOCULARS, ETC.
Item No.
1. Goods within the following paragraphs if they are of a kind
suitable for domestic or recreational use-
(a ) photographic and cinematographic cameras ;
( b) apparatus for developing, printing, reproducing, en-
larging, reducing, editing or otherwise processing
photographic or cinematographic images on film,
plates or paper :
( c ) cinematographic, film strip or slide projectors, slide
viewers, epidiascopes, projector screens and other
apparatus for viewing photographic or cinemato-
graphic images.
2. Binoculars, monoculars, field glasses, opera glasses and terres-
trial telescopes .
3. Accessories to goods comprised in Items 1 and 2.
4. Goods of a kind suitable for use as parts of goods comprised
in Items 1 to 3, except goods within the exceptions from
Item 5 of Group 1.
5. The installation, alteration, testing, repair or maintenance of,
or the provision of similar services in respect of, goods
comprised in Items 1 to 4.
6. The supply of goods in connection with a supply of services
within Item 5.
Notes :
(1) Item 1 includes goods which can be adapted to produce goods
within that Item.
1484 с .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 7 ( 2 ) Items 1 and 3 do not include-
( a ) film, plates and paper ;
( b ) chemicals ;
( c ) disposable flash bulbs ;
( d ) albums, mounts, wallets and other photographic stationery :
(e) slide boxes and other storage equipment for developed film.
plates or prints.
GROUP 6 -FURS
Item No.
1. Clothing made wholly or partly of fur skin, except-
( a ) headgear ;
(b ) gloves ;
( c ) footwear ;
( d ) buttons, belts and buckles ;
( e) any garment merely trimmed with fur skin unless the
trimming has an area greater than one- fifth of the
area of the outside material or, in the case of a new
garment, represents a cost to the manufacturer greater
than the cost to him of the other components .
2. 3.
4.
Rugs made wholly or partly of fur skin .
Fur skin, whether or not tanned or dressed.
The application to goods comprised in Items 1 to 3 of any
process or treatment, except the cleaning of goods comprised
in Items 1 and 2.
5. The supply of goods in connection with a supply of services
within Item 4.
6. The storage of goods comprised in Items 1 to 3.
Notes :
(1) " Fur skin " means any skin with fur, hair or wool attached
except-
(a ) rabbit skin ;
(b) woolled sheep or lamb skin ; and
( c ) the skin , if neither tanned nor dressed, of bovine cattle
( including buffalo ) , equine animals, goats or kids (other
than Yemen, Mongolian and Tibetan goats or kids ), swine
(including peccary), chamois, gazelles, deer or dogs.
( 2 ) Item 3 does not include goods comprised in Items 1 and 2
or excepted from Item 1 but does include other goods made of fur
skin and capable of being made into or incorporated in such goods.
(3) Item 4 includes the repair or alteration of goods comprised
in Items 1 to 3 .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с .45
1485
GROUP 7 -JEWELLERY, GOLDSMITHS' AND SILVERSMITHS'
WARES, ETC.
Item No.
1. Jewellery, goldsmiths' and silversmiths' wares and similar goods
made ( in each case ) wholly or partly from-
(a ) precious metal ;
( b ) precious stones ;
( c ) semi-precious stones mounted, set or strung ;
( d ) real or cultured pearls.
2. Precious stones, except-
(a ) uncut diamonds ;
( b ) diamond powder or dust.
3. Semi-precious stones in the form of gems, jewels or beads.
4. Real or cultured pearls.
5. 6. Jade and articles of jade.
The design or valuation of, the application of any process or
treatment to, or the provision of similar services in respect
of , goods comprised in Items 1 to 5.
7. The supply of goods in connection with a supply of services
within Item 6.
Notes :
(1) " Precious metal " means gold, silver, platinum and any alloy
containing any of those metals .
( 2) " Platinum " includes iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium and
ruthenium.
"
( 3) " Precious stones means diamonds, rubies, sapphires and
emeralds ; and " precious stones " and " semi-precious stones " include
synthetic stones which are similar to natural stones in respect of
their physical properties and chemical composition.
( 4 ) In Item 1 " similar goods " includes-
( a ) articles of personal use of a kind normally carried in the
pocket or handbag ;
( b) trophy cups, shields and similar articles of a kind awarded
as prizes ;
( c ) medals, medallions and the insignia of orders and decora-
tions, and miniatures or reproductions of medals, medallions
or such insignia.
( 5) Goods do not fall within Item 1 by reason only of one or
more of the following-
( a ) that they are coated or plated with precious metal ;
( b ) in the case of clocks and watches, that they contain precious
or semi-precious stones as part of the movement ;
( c ) in the case of fountain pens, that the nib contains precious
metal.
SCH. 7
1486 c.45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 7 1971 с. 12.
1952 с. 44.
Section 34.
( 6 ) Item 1 does not include goods of a kind suitable only for
uso-
( a ) in churches, chapels or other buildings used mainly as places
of meeting for religious worship ; or
( b ) by ministers of religion .
( 7 ) Item 6 does not include the cleaning, repair or maintenance
of the movements of clocks or watches.
GROUP 8 -PETROL, ETC.
ItemNo.
1. Light oil, except where it is in containers not exceeding 20
fluid ounces and is intended for sale in those containers
solely as fuel for mechanical lighters.
2. Petrol substitute.
3. Power methylated spirits.
Notes :
66
( 1) " Light oil ", " petrol substitute " and power methylated
spirits " have the same meanings as in the Hydrocarbon Oil ( Customs
&Excise) Act 1971 .
"
( 2 ) " Mechanical lighters has the meaning assigned to it by
section 221 (4) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952.
SCHEDULE 8
STOCK DIVIDENDS : SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Meaning of " the appropriate amount in cash "
1 .- (1 ) Where a company issues any share capital to which the
principal section applies (in this paragraph called " the share capital
in question ") , any reference in the principal section or this Schedule
to " the appropriate amount in cash " shall, in relation to that share
capital, have the meaning given by sub-paragraph ( 2) or ( 3) below,
as the case may be.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, where the company issues
the share capital in question-
( a ) in consequence of the exercise of an option such as is
mentioned in subsection ( 1)( a) of the principal section ; or
( b ) in a quantity which is determined by or determines the
amount of a dividend in cash payable in respect of share
capital in the company of a different class ,
"the appropriate amount in cash " means the amount of the relevant
cash dividend or, in a case in which subsection ( 3) of the principal
section applies, a due proportion of that amount.
( 3) In any case not falling within sub-paragraph (2)(a) or (b)
above, and in any case so falling in which the amount of the relevant
cash dividend is substantially greater or substantially less than
the market value of the share capital in question on the relevant
date, " the appropriate amount in cash " means the market value
of the share capital in question on that date or, in a case in which
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1487
subsection (3) of the principal section applies, a due proportion of
SCH.
that market value.
( 4 ) In this paragraph-
" the relevant cash dividend ", in a case falling within sub-
paragraph ( 2 )( a) above, means the cash dividend mentioned
in subsection (1 ) ( a ) of the principal section or, in a case
falling within sub-paragraph (2)( b) above, means, subject
to sub-paragraph (5 ) below, the cash dividend there
mentioned ;
" the relevant date ", in the case of share capital listed in The
Stock Exchange Daily Official List, means the date of first
dealing and, in the case of share capital not so listed, means
the due date of issue.
( 5) Where, in a case falling within sub-paragraph (2)(b) above,
the company on the occasion on which it issues the share capital
in question also issues a dividend in cash ( " the accompanying cash
dividend ") in respect of the shares in the company in respect
of which that share capital is issued, " the relevant cash dividend
shall in this paragraph mean the cash dividend mentioned in sub-
paragraph (2)( b) above reduced by the amount of the accompanying
cash dividend.
2. (1) Subject to the provisions applied by sub -paragraphs ( 2)
and (3) below, in the preceding paragraph " market value ", in rela-
tion to any share capital in a company, means the price which that
share capital might reasonably be expected to fetch on a sale in the
open market.
( 2 ) Section 44( 3) of the Finance Act 1965 (market value of shares 1965 c. 25 .
or securities listed in The Stock Exchange Daily Official List ) shall,
with the omission of the reference to paragraph 22( 3) of Schedule
6 to that Act, apply for the purposes of this paragraph as it applies
for the purposes of Part III of that Act.
( 3 ) In the case of shares or securities which are not quoted on a
recognised stock exchange ( within the meaning of the Corporation
Tax Acts) at the time when their market value for the purposes of
the preceding paragraph falls to be determined, subsection (3) of
section 51 of the Finance Act 1973 shall apply with respect to the 1973 с. 51 .
determination of their market value for those purposes as it applies
with respect to a determination falling within subsection (1) of
that section.
Close companies
3.- (1) Where a company issues to a close company any share
capital to which the principal section applies, the following pro-
visions of this paragraph shall apply as regards that share capital ;
and in those provisions " the relevant accounting period " means the
accounting period of the close company in which the due date of
issue falls.
( 2 ) The relevant income of the close company for the relevant
accounting period, as determined under paragraph 8 of Schedule 16
to the Finance Act 1972, and the amount which, under paragraph 1972 с. 41 .
9 of that Schedule (read, where appropriate, with paragraph 13 of
1488 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 8
1972 с. 41 .
1965 с. 25.
that Schedule ), the relevant income of the close company for that
period cannot exceed, shall each be increased by an amount equal
to the appropriate amount in cash ( or , if it would otherwise be nil,
be treated as equal to the appropriate amount in cash).
( 3) The amount, if any, which would otherwise be disregarded
under paragraph 14( 1) of the said Schedule 16 ( legal restrictions on
distributions) shall be reduced by an amount equal to the appropriate
amount in cash .
( 4 ) For the purposes of the definition of " apportioned amount
"
in paragraph (1) of the said Schedule 16 ( consequences of appor-
tionment: advance corporation tax), the amount of the company's
income apportioned under paragraph 1 of that Schedule shall be
treated as reduced by an amount equal to the appropriate amount in
cash.
4. Where a close company issues any share capital to which the
principal section applies as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ), (5) or (6) of
the principal section or paragraph 3(1) above (read in each case with
subsection (3) of that section ), the company shall be treated for the
purposes of paragraph 10( 1) of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972
( definition of " distributions " of a close company) -
( a ) as if a dividend of an amount equal to the appropriate
amount in cash had been paid on the due date of issue ; and
( b ) where, in relation to that share capital, " the appropriate
amount in cash " has the meaning given by paragraph
1( 2) above, as if that dividend had been declared in respect
of the accounting period ( if any ) in respect of which the
relevant cash dividend ( as defined in paragraph 1( 4 ) above )
was declared.
Capital gains tax
5. In applying paragraph 4 ( 3) of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act
1965 (chargeable gains : reorganisation of share capital ) in relation
to the issue of any share capital to which the principal section
applies, as involving a re- organisation of the company's share capital,
there shall be allowed, as consideration given for so much of the new
holding as was issued as mentioned in subsection ( 4), (5) or (6 )
of the principal section, or paragraph 3( 1) above (read in each case
with subsection ( 3) of that section), an amount equal to what is, for
that much of the new holding, the appropriate amount in cash ; and
this paragraph shall have effect notwithstanding the proviso to the
said paragraph 4(3).
Company distributions
6. Any share capital to which the principal section applies which
is issued by a company as mentioned in subsection (4 ), (5) or (6) of
that section or paragraph 3(1) above (read in each case with sub-
section (3) of that section)
(a ) shall, notwithstanding paragraph (c ) of subsection ( 2 ) of
section 233 of the Taxes Act ( definition of " distribution "),
not constitute a distribution within the meaning of that
subsection ; and
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c .45
1489
( b ) for the purposes of section 234(1) and 235(1) of that Act
( bonus issues following repayment of share capital, and
matters to be treated or not treated as repayments of share
capital) shall not be treated as issued "
as paid up otherwise
than by the receipt of new consideration ".
SCH. 8
Returns of issues of share capital to which the principal
section applies
7.- (1) Acompany shall for each of its accounting periods make,
in accordance with this paragraph, returns to the inspector of all
share capital to which the principal section applies which was issued
by it in that period.
( 2 ) The provisions of paragraph 1( 2) and (3) of Schedule 14 to
the Finance Act 1972 (periods for which returns are to be made, and 1972 с. 41 .
66
meaning of a return period ") shall apply for the purposes of this
paragraph as they apply for the purposes of that Schedule, but
with the substitution of " thirty days " for " fourteen days " in
paragraph 1(3) :
Provided that, in the case of a return period ending before the
date of the passing of this Act, the said paragraph 1( 3) as applied
by this sub-paragraph shall be read as requiring a company to
deliver a return for that period not later than the end of the period of
thirty days beginning with that date.
( 3) No return need be made under this paragraph by a company
for any period in which it has issued no share capital to which the
principal section applies.
( 4 ) The return made by a company for any return period shall
state-
( a ) the date on which any share capital to which the principal
section applies issued by it in the period was issued and,
if different, the date on which the company was first
required to issue it ;
(b ) particulars of the terms on which any such share capital
so issued by it was issued ; and
( c ) what is, in relation to any such share capital so issued, the
appropriate amount in cash.
( 5) If it appears to the inspector that a company ought to have,
but has not, made a return for any return period, he may ( notwith-
standing sub- paragraph ( 3) above) by notice in writing require the
company to make a return for that period within such time ( not
being less than thirty days) as may be specified in the notice ; and
a return required to be made under this sub-paragraph shall, if such
be the case, state that no share capital to which the principal section
applies was issued in the period in question.
( 6 ) As regards any share capital included in a return made under
this paragraph by a company, the inspector may, by notice in writing,
require the company to furnish him within such time (not being less
than thirty days) as may be specified in the notice with such further
information relating thereto as he may reasonably require for the
purposes of the principal section and this Schedule.
1490 SCH. 8
1970 с. 9.
Section 52.
1974 с. 46.
1970 с. 10.
с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
( 7 ) For the purposes of this paragraph (including the provisions
applied by sub-paragraph ( 2) above ) an accounting period of a
company beginning before 6th April 1975 and ending on or after
that date shall be deemed to have begun on that date.
8. In the Table in section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970
( penalty for failure to make returns etc.) the following shall be
added in the first column-
" Paragraph 7( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of Schedule 8 to the Finance ( No. 2 )
Act 1975 "
and the following shall be added in the second column-
" Paragraph 7(1) to ( 4 ) of Schedule 8 to the Finance ( No. 2 )
Act 1975 ".
SCHEDULE 9
AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS RELATING TO FRIENDLY SOCIETIES
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1974
1. The Friendly Societies Act 1974 shall be amended in accord-
ance with the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule.
2. For subsection (3) of section 7 ( societies which may be regis-
tered ) substitute-
" (3) A friendly society or branch thereof may not be registered
under this Act-
(a ) if it contracts with any person for the assurance under
tax exempt life or endowment business of more than
£104 a year by way of annuity or more than £500 by
way of gross sum ; or
( b ) if it contracts with any person for the assurance of an
annuity or of a gross sum in excess of the limits in
section 64 below.
( 3A ) In the case of a registered friendly society or branch
whose rules make no provision for it to carry on life or endow-
ment business consisting of the assurance of gross sums exceed-
ing £1,000 or of the granting of annuities of annual amounts
exceeding £208, subsection (3)( a) above shall have effect with
the substitution of references to £208 and £1,000 respectively
for the references to £104 and £500. "
3. In section 7, at the end add-
"( 5 ) In this section ' life or endowment business ' and ' tax
exempt life or endowment business ' have the meanings assigned
to them by subsections (2) and (3) respectively of section 337
of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ; and subsection
( 2 ) of section 64 below shall apply in relation to the limits
in subsection ( 3) above (including, where applicable, those
limits as modified by subsection ( 3A) above ) as it applies in
relation to the limits in section 64 below."
4. In section 64(1) (maximum benefits), for the references to £500
and £104 in paragraphs (a) and ( b) substitute references to £1,000
and £208 respectively.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
1491
PART II
SCH. 9
AMENDMENTS OF FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT (NORTHERN
IRELAND) 1970
5. The Friendly Societies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970 shall be 1970c. 31
amended in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of ( N.I.) .
this Schedule.
6. For subsection (3) of section 1 (societies which may be regis-
tered), make the same substitution as is provided for in paragraph 2
above, but with the omission of the words " below " and " above".
7. In section 1 , at the end make the same addition as is provided
for in paragraph 3 above, but with the substitution of the words
" section 55 " for the words " section 64 below " in both places
where they occur, and the omission of the word " above " in both
places where it occurs .
8. In section 55(1) ( maximum benefits), for the references to £500
and £104 in paragraphs (a) and (b) substitute references to £1,000
and £208 respectively.
9. In section 55( 2), after " gross sum or annuity " insert " , any
approved annuities as defined in section 226(13) of the Income and 1970 с. 10.
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 " .
10. For section 55(9)(a) substitute-
" (a) ' life or endowment business ' has the meaning assigned
to it by subsection ( 2) of section 337 of the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970. "
SCHEDULE 10
RELIEF FOR INCREASE IN VALUE OF TRADING STOCK AND WORK
IN PROGRESS
PART I
INCOME TAX
Entitlement to relief
1 .- ( 1 ) Where a person carries on a trade in respect of which he
is chargeable to income tax under Case I of Schedule D and-
( a ) the value of his trading stock at the end of his base period
(in this Schedule referred to as his " closing stock value ")
exceeds
(b ) the value of his trading stock at the beginning of that
period ( in this Schedule referred to as his " opening stock
value"),
he shall, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, be entitled to
relief under this paragraph by reference to the amount of that excess ;
and in the following provisions of this Schedule the amount of that
excess is referred to as his " base period increase " .
Section 54.
1492 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 10 ( 2 ) For the purposes of the Income Tax Acts other than this
Schedule, in any case in which a person is entitled to relief under
this paragraph-
( a ) that person's closing stock value shall be treated as reduced
by-
( i ) an amount equal to his base period increase less
10 per cent. of his relevant income for his base period ;
and
(ii ) if he began to carry on the trade before the year
1973-74 or has a period of account ending in that year,
an amount equal to 5 per cent. of the amount referred
to in sub-paragraph (i ) above ; and
( b ) the value of his trading stock at the beginning of the period
of account which begins on the day following that as at
which the closing stock value is determined shall be treated
as reduced by the amount referred to in paragraph (a) (i)
above ;
and all such adjustments shall be made in any assessment to income
tax for any relevant year of assessment as are necessary to give effect
to any relief under this paragraph.
( 3) A person shall not be entitled to relief under this paragraph
unless a claim for the relief is made within two years after the end
of the year 1974-75 .
( 4 ) In this Part of this Schedule " period of account " means a
period for which an account is made up in relation to the trade in
question.
Base period
2.- (1) A person has a base period for the purposes of relief
under paragraph 1 above if-
( a ) he began to carry on the trade before the beginning of
the year 1974-75 and has one or more periods of account
ending in that year or in the year 1975-76 ; or
( b ) he began to carry on the trade in the year 1974-75 and has
one or more periods of account ending in that year.
( 2) Aperson's base period ends with the last day of-
( a) the period or the last of the periods of account ending in
the year 1974-75 ; or
( b) if there is no period within paragraph ( a ) above, the period
or the first of the periods of account ending in the year
1975-76.
( 3) A person's base period begins 24 months before the day on
which it ends except that-
( a ) if the base period ends after the year 1974-75, the base
period begins 24 months before the end of that year ;
(b ) if the date which would be the beginning of the base period
under the foregoing provisions is not the first day of a
period of account, the base period begins with the first day
of the period of account which is current on that date ; and
Finance ( No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1493
( c ) if the person began to carry on the trade after the date on which the base period would begin under the foregoing
provisions, that period begins on the day on which he began
to carry on the trade.
3.(1) If a person began to carry on the trade before 6th April
1973 and his base period is longer than 24 months, then, for the
purposes of paragraph 1 above-
( a ) his base period increase ; and
( b ) his relevant income for that period,
shall each be reduced by multiplying them by the fraction of which
the numerator is 24 and the denominator is the number of months in
the base period.
( 2 ) If a person began to carry on the trade after 5th April 1973
and his base period ends after 5th April 1975, then, for the purposes
of paragraph 1 above-
( a) his base period increase ; and
( b) his relevant income for that period,
shall each be reduced by multiplying them by the fraction of which
the numerator is the number of months in the period beginning
with the day on which he began to carry on the trade and ending
with 5th April 1975 and the denominator is the number of months
in the base period.
SCH. 10
Commencement of trade
4.(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, where a person
claims relief under paragraph 1 above and, immediately before the
beginning of his base period, he was not carrying on the trade to
which the relief relates, he shall be treated for the purposes of that
paragraph as having at the beginning of that period trading stock
of such value as appears to the inspector to be reasonable and
just.
( 2 ) In determining, for the purposes purposes specified in sub-paragraph
(1) above, the value of trading stock to be attributed to a person
at the beginning of his base period the inspector shall have regard
to all the relevant circumstances of the case and, in particular-
( a ) to movements during the person's base period in the costs
of items of a kind comprised in his trading stock during
that period ; and
( b) to changes during that period in the volume of the trade in
question carried on by that person.
( 3) Any Commissioners dealing with an appeal from the decision
of an inspector on a claim in a case where, in accordance with sub-
paragraph (1 ) above, the inspector has attributed to a person at the
beginning of his base period trading stock of a particular value
shall, in hearing and determining the appeal, in so far as it relates
to the value of the trading stock to be so attributed, determine such
value as appears to them to be reasonable and just , having regard to
those factors to which the inspector is required to have regard by
virtue of sub- paragraph ( 2) above.
1494 SCH. 10
1975 с. 7.
c . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
( 4 ) This paragraph does not apply where the claimant acquired
the initial trading stock of the trade in question on a sale or transfer
from another person on that person's ceasing to carry on that trade
and the stock so acquired is brought in at not less than market value
at the beginning of the claimant's base period.
Cessation of trade
5. A person shall not be entitled to relief under paragraph 1
above in respect of any trade if he ceases to carry it on at or
before the end of his base period.
PART II
CORPORATION TAX
Entitlement to relief
6 .- (1 ) Where a company carries on a trade in respect of which it
is within the charge to corporation tax under Case I of Schedule D
and-
( a ) the value of its trading stock at the end of its base period
( in this Schedule referred to as its " closing stock value ")
exceeds
( b) the value of its trading stock at the beginning of that period
(in this Schedule referred to as its " opening stock value "),
the company shall, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, be
entitled to relief under this paragraph by reference to the amount of
that excess ; and in the following provisions of this Schedule the
amount of that excess is referred to as the company's " base period
increase".
( 2) For the purposes of the Corporation Tax Acts other than this
Schedule, in any case in which a company is entitled to relief under
this paragraph- ( a ) the company's closing stock value shall be treated as
reduced by-
(i) an amount equal to its base period increase less
10 per cent. of its relevant income for its base period ; and
(ii ) if it was excluded from section 18 of the Finance
Act 1975 by virtue of subsection (5) (a) of that section
( companies with closing stock value under £25,000), an
amount equal to 5 per cent. of the amount mentioned in
sub - paragraph (i) above ; or
(iii) if relief under that section was excluded wholly
or in part by virtue of subsection (9)( b) of that section
( " trading stock " not to include work in progress), an
amount equal to 5 per cent. or, as the case may be, a
corresponding part of 5 per cent. of the amount mentioned
in sub -paragraph (i ) above ; and
(b) the value of its trading stock at the beginning of the period
of account which begins on the day following that as at
which the closing stock value is determined shall be treated
as reduced by the amount referred to in paragraph (a) (i)
above ;
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c.45
and all such adjustments shall be made in any assessment to corporation tax for any relevant accounting period as are necessary
to give effect to any relief under this paragraph .
( 3) A company shall not be entitled to relief under this paragraph
unless a claim for the relief is made within two years after the end
of the accounting period, or the last of the accounting periods, ending
in the financial year 1974.
Base period
7.- (1 ) A company has a base period for the purposes of relief
under paragraph 6 above if it has one or more accounting periods
ending in the financial year 1974.
( 2) A company's base period ends-
( a) if the accounting period, or the first of the accounting periods,
ending in the financial year 1974 ends on the same day as
a period of account, with that day ;
( b) in any other case, with the last day of the period of account
which is current at the end of that accounting period.
( 3) A company's base period begins 24 months before the day on
which it ends except that-
( a ) if the base period ends after the financial year 1974, the
base period begins 24 months before the end of the account-
ing period ending in that year ;
( b) if the date which would be the beginning of the base period
under the foregoing provisions is not the first day of a period
of account, the base period begins with the first day of the
period of account which is current on that date ; and
( c) if the company began to carry on the trade after the date
on which the base period would begin under the foregoing
provisions, that period begins on the day on which it began
to carry on the trade.
8.- (1 ) If a company began to carry on the trade before 1st April
1973 and its base period is longer than 24 months, then, for the
purposes of paragraph 6 above-
( a) its base period increase ; and
(b) its relevant income for that period,
shall each be reduced by multiplying them by the fraction of which
the numerator is 24 and the denominator is the number of months
in the base period.
( 2) If a company began to carry on the trade after 31st March
1973, then, for the purposes of paragraph 6 above-
( a ) its base period increase ; and
( b) its relevant income for that period,
shall each be reduced by multiplying them by the fraction of which
the numerator is the number of months in the period beginning with
the day on which it began to carry on the trade and ending with the
last day of the accounting period, or the first of the accounting
periods, ending in the financial year 1974 and the denominator is the
number of months in the base period.
1495
SCH. 10
1496 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 10
1975 с. 7.
( 3 ) Where a company's 1973 increase in stock value fell to be
determined under Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1975 by reference
to the 1973 reference period as defined in that Schedule, and its
base period ends on the same day as that reference period, the
amount of the reduction under paragraph 6( 2)( a )(i ) above shall be
diminished by the amount of the reduction under section 18( 4)(a) of
that Act.
Extra period of account following base period
9.- (1) This paragraph has effect where a company has two or
more periods of account ending in the financial year 1974.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the application of the foregoing provisions
in relation to the company's base period as determined in accord-
ance with paragraph 7( 2 ) and (3) above, those provisions shall also
apply as if the company had a further base period, or further base
periods, ending with the last day of each of those periods of account
other than the first and beginning at the same time as its base
period as determined under paragraph 7( 2) and ( 3) .
( 3 ) In the case of any such further base period the reduction to be
made in the company's closing stock value shall be only such as is
provided for by sub-paragraph (a ) (i) of paragraph 6( 2) above and its
relevant income shall be computed without regard to any reduction
under that paragraph .
Commencement of trade
10. Paragraph 4 above shall, with the necessary modifications,
have effect in relation to companies claiming relief under paragraph
6 above as it has effect in respect of persons claiming relief under
paragraph 1 above.
Cessation of trade
11. A company shall not be entitled to relief under paragraph
6 above if any accounting period ending in or at the same time as
its base period ends by virtue of the company-
(a ) ceasing to trade or to be, in respect of the trade concerned
or of all the trades carried on by the company, within the
charge to corporation tax ; or
(b ) ceasing to be resident in the United Kingdom ; or
( c ) ceasing to be within the charge to corporation tax.
PART III
GENERAL
Partnerships
12.- (1) For the purposes of this Schedule a person shall be
treated as ceasing to carry on a trade if there is a change in the
persons engaged in carrying it on notwithstanding that he continues
to be so engaged immediately after the change .
( 2) Where a trade is carried on by persons in partnership and one
or more but not all of them are companies, the base period shall be
determined in accordance with paragraph 2 above .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45 1497
( 3) Any claim for relief under this Schedule in relation to a trade
carried on by persons in partnership shall be a single claim made
in the partnership name.
( 4) Subsection ( 7) of section 154 of the Taxes Act ( meaning of
change in persons carrying on trade ) shall apply for the purposes
of this paragraph as it applies for the purpose of that section.
Successions
13.- (1) Where a company (" the predecessor ") ceases to carry on
a trade during the financial year 1973 or 1974 and, on that company
so ceasing, another company ( " the successor ") begins to carry on
that trade, then, if section 252 of the Taxes Act (company reconstruc-
tions) has effect in relation to that event, the successor shall be treated
for the purposes of this Schedule as having carried on the trade
since the predecessor began ( or would be treated by virtue of this
paragraph as having begun) to do so.
( 2 ) Where there is a change in the persons engaged in carrying on
a trade and-
( a ) a person engaged in carrying it on immediately before the
change continues to be so engaged immediately after the
change ; and
(b ) the trading stock of the trade immediately before the change
is the trading stock immediately after the change,
the person or persons engaged in carrying it on immediately after
the change shall be treated for the purposes of this Schedule as having
carried on the trade since the person or persons so engaged immedi-
ately before the change began (or would themselves be treated by
virtue of this paragraph as having begun ) to do so.
( 3) Where at any time an individual ceases, or persons in partner-
ship cease, to carry on a trade and a company begins to carry it on,
then, if at that time not less than three-quarters of the ordinary share
capital of the company is held by that individual or those persons,
the company shall be treated for the purposes of this Schedule as
having carried on the trade since that individual or those persons
began (or would be treated by virtue of this paragraph as having
begun ) to do so.
( 4) Subsection ( 7) of section 154 of the Taxes Act ( meaning of
change in persons carrying on trade ) shall apply for the purposes of
this paragraph as it applies for the purposes of that section.
Adjustments for special circumstances
14. Where a person has acquired or disposed of trading stock other-
wise than in the normal conduct of the trade in question he shall
be treated for the purposes of this Schedule as having, at the beginning
or end of his base period, trading stock of such value as appears to
the inspector (or, on appeal, to the Commissioners) to be reasonable
and just having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case.
Part II R
SCH. 10
1498 с . 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 10 Application to professions
15. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall, with the
necessary modifications, have effect in relation to professions and
vocations chargeable under Case II of Schedule D as they have
effect in relation to trades chargeable under Case I of that Schedule.
Interpretation
16.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, “ trading
stock " means property of any description, whether real or personal,
being either-
( a ) property such as is sold in the ordinary course of the trade,
profession or vocation in question, or would be so sold if it
were mature or if its manufacture, preparation or construc-
tion were complete ; or
( b) materials such as are used in the manufacture, preparation
or construction of any such property as is referred to in
paragraph (a) above,
and includes work in progress .
( 2) Sub-paragraph (1) above does not apply to-
(a ) securities , which for this purpose includes shares and stock ;
or
( b) land other than such as is ordinarily sold in the course of the
trade, profession or vocation only-
(i ) after being developed by the person carrying on the
trade, profession or vocation, or
(ii ) in the case of a company which is a member of a
group, for the purpose of being developed by another
company in that group ; or
( c ) goods which the person carrying on the trade, profession or
vocation has let on hire or hire- purchase.
( 3) In sub-paragraph ( 2) above, references to development are refer-
ences to the construction or substantial reconstruction of buildings on
the land in question and " group " shall be construed in accordance
with section 272 of the Taxes Act.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Schedule the value of a person's
trading stock at any time shall be reduced to the extent to which
payments on account have been received by that person at or before
that time in respect of that stock.
( 5 ) Where the value of a person's trading stock at the beginning
of his base period is not calculated on the basis used for the calcula-
tion of the value of his trading stock at the end of that period, the
value of his trading stock at the beginning of that period shall, for
the purposes of this Schedule, be treated as what it would have been
if it had been calculated on that basis.
( 6 ) Animals treated as trading stock under Schedule 6 to the
Taxes Act (farm animals) shall be so treated for the purposes
of this Schedule except that, where a person makes an election for
the herd basis under that Schedule which takes effect during the
base period or immediately after it, animals forming part of any
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с.45
1499
herd or herds with respect to which the election has effect shall
SCH. 10
be treated as not having been trading stock of that person at any
time during that period .
"
17. In this Schedule " work in progress means-
( a) any services performed in the ordinary course of the trade,
profession or vocation, the performance of which was wholly
or partly completed at the material time and for which it
would be reasonable to expect that a charge will subse-
quently be made ; and
(b) any article produced, and any such material as is used, in the
performance of any such services.
18 .- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, in this Schedule
" relevant income " means, in relation to a person carrying on a trade,
profession or vocation, the income from that trade, profession or
vocation computed in accordance with the rules applicable to Case I
or, as the case may be, Case II of Schedule D.
( 2 ) In computing relevant income for the purposes of this
Schedule-
( a ) no account shall be taken of any set-off or reduction of
income by virtue of section 168, 171, 174, 177 or 178 of
the Taxes Act (losses) ;
(b) no deduction or addition shall be made by virtue of section
73, 74 or 91 of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 ( corpora- 1968 с. 3.
tion tax allowances and charges and allowances for capital
expenditure on scientific research) ; and
( c ) no account shall be taken of any reduction in the value of
trading stock under section 18( 4) of the Finance Act 1975. 1975 с. 7.
19. In any case where a base period consists of a number of com-
plete months and a fraction of a month, or consist only of a fraction
of a month, any reference in this Schedule to the number of months
in that period shall be construed as including that fraction or as a
reference to that fraction, as the case may be.
20. Any reference in this Schedule to a period of account or
accounting period ending in any year includes a reference to a period
of account or accounting period ending on the same day as that
year .
SCHEDULE 11
DOUBLE TAXATION AGREEMENT WITH REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND AND THE GOVERNMENT OF
THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS
FROM TAX
The Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland and the Government of the Republic of Ireland ;
With a view to extending for a further year the arrangements con-
cerning dividends provided by the Agreement made between them on
2nd May 1973 which amended certain provisions of the Agreement
made on 14th April 1926 between the British Government and the
R2
Section 65.
1500 c .45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 11 Government of the Irish Free State in respect of Double Income Tax ;
Have agreed as follows :
ARTICLE 1
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 4 of the Agreement made
on 2nd May 1973 the amendments made by paragraph ( 2) of Article
1 and Article 2 of that Agreement to paragraphs ( a) and ( b) of
Article 1 of the Agreement made on 14th April 1926 shall have
effect as respects dividends paid on or after 6th April 1975 and not
later than 5th April 1976.
ARTICLE 2
This Agreement shall enter into force on the exchange of Notes
confirming that the necessary steps have been taken to give it the
force of law in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
In witness whereof the undersigned, duly authorised thereto by
their respective Governments, have signed this Agreement.
Done in two originals at London this 3rd day of June 1975 .
For the Government of the
For the Government of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain
Republic of Ireland :
and Northern Ireland:
Roy Hattersley Donal O'Sullivan.
Section 70.
1971 с. 68.
SCHEDULE 12
SUB- CONTRACTORS IN THE CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY : CONDITIONS
OF ISSUE OF CERTIFICATES
PART I
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED BY INDIVIDUALS
1. The applicant must be carrying on a business in the United
Kingdom which satisfies the following conditions, that is to say-
( a) the business consists of or includes the carrying out of con-
struction operations or the furnishing or arranging for the
furnishing of labour in carrying out construction operations ;
( b ) the business is, to a substantial extent, carried on by means
of an account with a bank :
(c) the business is carried on with proper records and in
particular with records which are proper having regard to
the obligations referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4 below ;
and
( d ) the business is carried on from proper premises and with
proper equipment, stock and other facilities .
2. The applicant, unless he is the holder of a certificate which is in
force under section 30 of the Finance Act 1971 or under section 70 of
this Act, must throughout the period of three years ending with the
date of his application for a certificate under section 70 of this Act
( in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " the qualifying period "),
have been employed in the United Kingdom as the holder of an office
or employment or as a person carrying on a trade, profession or
vocation .
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с . 45
1501
3.(1) The applicant must, subject to sub-paragraph (2) below,
SCH.12
have complied with all obligations imposed on him by or under the
Income Tax Acts or the Taxes Management Act 1970 in respect of 1970 c. 9.
periods ending within the qualifying period and with all requests
to supply to an inspector accounts of, or other information about ,
any business of his in respect of periods so ending.
( 2 ) An applicant who has failed to comply with such an obligation
or request as is referred to in sub- paragraph (1) above shall
nevertheless be treated as satisfying this condition as regards that
obligation or request if the Board are of the opinion that in all the
circumstances the failure ought to be disregarded for the purposes
of his application for a certificate under section 70 of this Act.
4. The applicant must, if any contribution has at any time during
the qualifying period become due from him under Part I of the
National Insurance Act 1965 or Part I of the National Insurance 1965 c. 96.
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966, as the case may be, or under Part I 1966 c. 6 (N.I.) .
of the Social Security Act 1975 or Part I of the Social Security 1975 c. 14.
( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975, as the case may be, have paid the 1975 с. 15.
contribution when the contribution became due.
5. The applicant must, if he is required to be registered under the
Registration of Business Names Act 1916 in respect of the business 1916 c. 58 .
referred to in paragraph 1 above, have been duly registered under that
Act in respect of that business.
6.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, there must be in
force a policy or policies of insurance covering the applicant's rele-
vant public liability in respect of the business referred to in para-
graph 1 above and effected by him with an authorised insurer or
insurers in a sum not less or not less in the aggregate than £250,000.
( 2) Sub- paragraph ( 1) above does not apply to an applicant whose
business consists of the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of
labour in carrying out construction operations or whose business in-
cludes any of those activities but does not also include the carrying
out of construction operations .
7. There must be reason to expect that the applicant will, in respect
of periods ending after the end of the qualifying period, comply with
such obligations as are referred to in paragraphs 3 and 4 above and
with such requests as are referred to in paragraph 3 above.
PART II
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED BY PARTNERS WHO ARE INDIVIDUALS
1. The partner, unless he is the holder of a certificate in force
under section 30 of the Finance Act 1971 or under section 70 of this 1971 c. 68.
Act, must throughout the period of three years ending with the date
of his application for a certificate under section 70 of this Act (in this
Part of this Schedule referred to as " the qualifying period ") have
been employed in the United Kingdom as the holder of an office or
employment or as a person carrying on a trade, profession or
vocation.
R3
1502 c. 45
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975
SCH. 12
1970 с. 9.
1965 с. 96.
1966 c. 6 (Ν.Ι.).
1975 с. 14.
1975 с. 15.
1916 с. 58.
2.- (1 ) The partner must, subject to sub- paragraph (2) below, have
complied with all obligations imposed on him by or under the
Income Tax Acts or the Taxes Management Act 1970 in respect of
periods ending within the qualifying period and with all requests
to supply to an inspector accounts of , or other information about,
any business of his in respect of periods so ending.
(2) A partner who has failed to comply with such an obligation or
request as is referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above shall nevertheless
be treated as satisfying this condition as regards that obligation
or request if the Board are of the opinion that in all the circumstances
the failure ought to be disregarded for the purposes of his application
for a certificate under section 70 of this Act.
3. The partner must, if any contribution has at any time during
the qualifying period become due from him under Part I of the
National Insurance Act 1965 or Part I of the National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966, as the case may be, or under Part I
of the Social Security Act 1975 or Part I of the Social Security
( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975, as the case may be, have paid the
contribution when the contribution became due.
4. There must be reason to expect that the partner will, in respect
of periods ending after the end of the qualifying period, comply
with such obligations as are referred to in paragraphs 2 and 3 above
and with such requests as are referred to in paragraph 2 above.
PART III
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED BY FIRMS
1. The firm's business must be carried on in the United Kingdom
and must satisfy the conditions mentioned in paragraph 1( a) to ( d)
of Part I of this Schedule.
2.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, any income tax or
corporation tax which became due from any partner in the firm in
respect of the firm's business at any time in the period of three years
ending with the date of the application for a certificate under section
70 of this Act (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " the
qualifying period ") must have been paid when the tax was demanded.
( 2) Where the obligation referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above
has not been complied with in the case of any firm, the firm shall
nevertheless be treated as satisfying this condition as regards that
tax if the Board are of the opinion that in all the circumstances
the failure ought to be disregarded for the purposes of the application
under section 70 of this Act.
3. The firm must, if it is required to be registered under the Regis-
tration of Business Names Act 1916 in respect of the business referred
to in paragraph 1 above, have been duly registered under that Act in
respect of that business.
4.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, there must be in force
a policy or policies of insurance covering the relevant public liability
of every partner in the firm in respect of the business referred to in
paragraph 1 above and effected on behalf of the firm with an
authorised insurer or insurers in a sum not less or not less in the
aggregate than £250,000.
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975 c . 45
1503
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above does not apply to a firm whose busi-
ness consists of the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of
labour in carrying out construction operations or whose business
includes any of those activities but does not also include the carry-
ing out of construction operations .
5. There must be reason to expect that income tax or corporation
tax becoming due in respect of the firm's business in respect of periods
ending after the end of the qualifying period will be paid when it is
demanded.
SCH. 12
PART IV
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED BY COMPANIES
1. The company must be carrying on ( whether or not in partner-
ship) a business in the United Kingdom and that business must
satisfy the conditions mentioned in paragraph 1( a ) to (d ) of Part I
of this Schedule.
2.- (1) The company must, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below,
have complied with all obligations imposed on it by or under
the Income Tax Acts, the Corporation Tax Acts or the Taxes Manage- 1970 с. 9 .
ment Act 1970 in respect of periods ending within the qualifying
period and with all requests to supply to an inspector accounts
of , or other information about, the business of the company in
respect of periods so ending.
( 2) Acompany which has failed to comply with such an obligation
or request as is referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall neverthe-
less be treated as satisfying this condition as regards that obligation
or request if the Board are of the opinion that in all the circum-
stances the failure ought to be disregarded for the purposes of the
company's application for a certificate under section 70 of this
Act .
( 3) "Qualifying period ", in this Part of this Schedule, means the
period of three years ending with the date of the company's applica-
tion for a certificate under section 70 of this Act.
3. The company must, if any contribution has at any time during
the qualifying period become due from the company under Part I
of the National Insurance Act 1965 or Part I of the National 1965 с. 96
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966, as the case may be, or 1966 c. 6 ( N.I.) .
under Part I of the Social Security Act 1975 or Part I of the Social 1975 с 14.
Security ( Northern Ireland) Act 1975, as the case may be, have 1975 с . 15.
paid the contribution when the contribution became due.
4. The company must, if it is required to be registered under the
Registration of Business Names Act 1916 in respect of the business 1916 с. 58.
referred to in paragraph 1 above, have been duly registered under that
Act in respect of that business.
5.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) below, there must be
in force a policy or policies of insurance covering the company's
relevant public liability in respect of the business referred to in
R4
1504 c . 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
SCH. 12 paragraph 1 above and effected by the company with an authorised
insurer or insurers in a sum not less or not less in the aggregate than
£250,000.
( 2) Sub- paragraph (1) above does not apply to a company whose
business consists of the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of
labour in carrying out construction operations or whose business
includes any of those activities but does not also include the
carrying out of construction operations.
( 3) Sub-paragraph (1) above does not apply where-
( a ) the company carries on the business referred to in para-
graph 1 above in partnership with another person ;
( b) the company's application for the issue of a certificate under
section 70 of this Act is for its issue to the company as a
partner in that firm ; and
( c ) there is in force a policy or policies of insurance covering
the relevant public liability of every partner in that firm in
respect of the firm's business in so far as it is required
by paragraph 4 of Part III of this Schedule .
6.- (1) The company must have complied with any obligations
1948 с. 38. imposed on the company by the following provisions of the Com-
1960 c. 22 (N.I. ). panies Act 1948 or by the corresponding provisions of the Companies
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960, as the case may be, in so far as those
obligations fell to be complied with within the qualifying period, that
is to say-
( a ) section 107 (registered office and notification of changes
therein ) ;
( b ) section 124 (annual return of company having a share
capital ) ;
( c ) section 125 (annual return of company not having a share
capital ) ;
( d ) section 126 ( time for completion of annual return) ;
(e) section 127 (documents to be annexed to annual return) ;
( f ) section 200(4) (return of directors and secretary and noti-
fication of changes therein) ;
( g) section 407 (registration of constitutional documents and list
of directors and secretary of oversea company) ;
( h ) section 409 (notification of changes in constitution or
directors or secretary of oversea company) ;
(i ) section 410 (accounts of oversea company) ;
( j ) section 411 (oversea company to state its name and country
of incorporation) ;
( k) section 416 ( obligations of companies incorporated in
Channel Islands or Isle of Man) .
( 2) In this paragraph " the corresponding provisions of the Com-
panies Act (Northern Ireland) 1960 " means the following provisions
of that Act, that is to say, sections 104, 119, 120, 121, 122, 191(6 ),
356, 358, 359 and 360.
7. There must be reason to expect that the company will, in respect
of periods ending after the end of the qualifying period, comply with
such obligations as are referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 6 above
and with such requests as are referred to in paragraph 2 above .
Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975 с. 45
1505
SCHEDULE 13
Section 71 .
CONSTRUCTION OPERATIONS
PART I
OPERATIONS INCLUDED
Construction, alteration, repair, extension, demolition or dismantling
of buildings and structures ( whether permanent or not), including
offshore installations ( that is to say, installations which are main-
tained, or are intended to be established, for underwater exploita-
tion or exploration to which the Mineral Workings (Offshore 1971 с. 61.
Installations) Act 1971 applies.
Construction, alteration, repair, extension or demolition of any
works forming, or to form, part of the land, including (without
prejudice to the foregoing ) walls, roadworks, power- lines , telegraphic
lines ( within the meaning of the Telegraph Act 1878) aircraft runways, 1878 с. 76.
docks and harbours, railways, inland waterways, pipe- lines, reservoirs,
water-mains, wells, sewers, industrial plant and installations for
purposes of land drainage, coast protection or defence.
Installation in any building or structure of systems of heating,
lighting, air-conditioning, ventilation, power supply, drainage, sani-
tation, water supply or fire protection.
Internal cleaning of buildings and structures, so far as carried out in
the course of their construction, alteration, extension, repair or
restoration.
Operations which form an integral part of, or are preparatory to,
or are for rendering complete, such operations as are previously
described in this Schedule, including site clearance, earth-moving,
excavation, tunnelling and boring, laying of foundations, erection of
scaffolding, site restoration, landscaping and the provision of road-
ways and other access works.
Painting or decorating the internal or external surfaces of any
building or structure.
PART II
OPERATIONS EXCLUDED
Drilling for, or extraction of, oil or natural gas .
Extraction (whether by underground or surface working) of
minerals ; tunnelling or boring, or construction of underground works,
for this purpose.
Manufacture of building or engineering components or equipment,
materials, plant or machinery ; delivery of any of these things to site .
Manufacture of components for systems of heating, lighting, air-
conditioning, ventilation, power supply, drainage, sanitation, water
supply or fire protection ; delivery of any of these things to site .
The professional work of architects or surveyors, or of consultants
in building, engineering, interior or exterior decoration or in the
laying- out of landscape.
1506 c .45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
Section 75.
SCHEDULE 14
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
CONVERSION OF REVENUE DUTIES
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
18 & 19 The Finance Act 1928 .
Geo. 5.
c. 17.
Section 6(1) .
15 & 16 The Customs and Excise Sections 81 to 84 except section
Geo. 6
Act 1952. 82 ( 3).
&1
Sections 86 to 89.
Eliz. 2.
Section 139.
с.44 .
Section 141 .
In section 142, subsection (2) .
Section 143 .
In section 144, subsection (2) .
In section 145, subsections (1) and
( 2 ) and, in subsection ( 4 ), para-
66
graph (a) and the words or
failure".
In section 3, subsections (1), ( 2)
and (4).
1 & 2 The Finance Act 1953 .
Eliz. 2.
c . 34 .
4 & 5 The Finance Act 1956.
Eliz. 2.
c . 54 .
Section 2.
6 & 7 The Import Duties Act In section 3, subsections (1) to (3)
Eliz. 2. 1958.
and in subsection (5 ) the words
с . 6. from " as being " to " reason ".
7 & 8
Eliz. 2.
c. 51 .
The Licensing (Scotland ) In section 199(1) , the definition of
Act 1959.
" sweets " .
8 & 9 The Finance Act 1960.
Eliz. 2.
c . 44 .
1962 с. 44. The Finance Act 1962.
In section 7, in subsection (1) the
words from " and subject " to the
end and subsections ( 2 ) and (5 ) .
In section 1, subsection ( 4) so far as
unrepealed.
1963 с. 25. The Finance Act 1963.
In section 4, subsections ( 1) and
( 3).
1964 c. 26. The Licensing Act 1964. In section 55(6 ) , the words from
66 or " to the end.
1964с. 49. The Finance Act 1964. In section 1 , subsections (1) to (3)
and (6 ) and (7).
In section 2, subsections (1) to (4).
Section 3 .
Schedules 1 to 4.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 c . 45
1507
SCH. 14
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
1971 c. 12. The Hydrocarbon Oil In section 2, in subsection ( 2) and in
( Customs & Excise)
subsection ( 4) the words " customs
Act 1971 .
or".
In section 4, subsection (1) .
In section 6, paragraph (a ).
In section 7, in subsection (1) and in
subsection (5) the words " customs
or ".
"
In section 9, the words customs
or "
In section 12(1), the words " customs
or "
In section 13(1 ), the words " customs
ог".
In section 18(1)( c ), the words
" customs or " .
In Schedule 3, the words from " In
this Part " to " hydrocarbon oil " .
1972 с. 41. The Finance Act 1972.
In section 57, subsections ( 1 ) and
( 2 ).
1972 c. 68. The European Communi-
ties Act 1972.
In section 6(5), in paragraph (a), the
words " as well as section 88(4) of
that Act as so amended".
In Schedule 4, in paragraph 2( 2)
the words from " and in section
86 " to the end, in paragraph 2( 5)
the words from " and in section
88(1) " to the end and paragraph
2 (6 ).
1973 с. 51. The Finance Act 1973 .
In section 1 , subsection (1 ) except so
far as it relates to Schedule 5 to
that Act and subsections (2), (3)
and ( 9) . Schedules 1 to 4, 6 and 7.
1974с. 30. The Finance Act 1974.
In section 1 , subsections (1) to (5 ).
1975 c. 45. The Finance ( No. 2) Act In section 1, subsections (1) to (5 ) .
1975.
1. These repeals take effect on 1st January 1976.
2. So far as these repeals relate to any drawback or other relief
from a duty replaced by sections 9 to 15 of this Act they shall not
have effect in relation to any duty charged before 1st January 1976.
1508 c. 45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
SCH. 14 PART II
OTHER CUSTOMS AND EXCISE REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
1971 c. 10.
The Vehicles (Excise) Act In section 4(1)(e) , the words
not
1971.
being tramcars used for the con-
veyance of passengers ".
In paragraph 1 of Part I of Schedule
2 , the words " of any description
"
and " in relation to carriages of
that description" .
1972 c. 25. The Betting and Gaming
Duties Act 1972.
In section 16(2), in the definition of
" rateable value ", the words from
" but " to " that Schedule ".
In Schedule 2, paragraphs 18 and
19.
In Schedule 3, paragraph 4(3 ) .
1972 с. 41. The Finance Act 1972.
Section 59.
1974 с. 30. The Finance Act 1974.
Section 3.
1. The repeals in the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 have effect as from
16th April 1975.
2. The repeals of paragraphs 18 and 19 of Schedule 2 to the Betting
and Gaming Duties Act 1972 and of section 59 of the Finance Act
1972 do not have effect in relation to gaming licences for a period
ending before 1st October 1975.
PART III
PAYMENT OF TAX
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
1970 c. 9.
The Taxes Management In Schedule 4, paragraph 9(1 ).
Act 1970.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971 .
1972 с. 41. The Finance Act 1972.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 86.
In Schedule 14, in Part II, the entry
relating to section 55( 1)(b) of the
Taxes Management Act 1970.
In Schedule 24, paragraphs 8 and 9.
These repeals do not have effect in relation to tax charged by assess-
ments notice of which was issued before the passing of this Act.
Finance (No. 2) Act 1975 с. 45
1509
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS
SCH. 14
Chapter Shorttitle
Extent of repeal
1965 с. 25. The Finance Act 1965.
Section 27(3) .
Schedule 9 so far as unrepealed.
1966с. 18. The Finance Act 1966.
1969 с. 32. The Finance Act 1969 .
Section 29( 4) and ( 9), so far as
unrepealed.
In Schedule 8, Part II so far as
unrepealed.
Section 41 (8) .
1970 c. 9. The Taxes Management In section 98, in the Table, the words
Act 1970.
" Regulations under section 29 of
the Finance Act 1971 " , " Section
30( 4) of the Finance Act 1971 " ,
and " Regulations under section
30(7) of the Finance Act 1971 " .
In Schedule 3, in rule 6, in column
2 , the second paragraph .
1970 c. 10. The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971 .
1972 с. 41. The Finance Act 1972.
Section 7.
In section 343(3), in paragraph (ii)
of the proviso, the words from
" not being " to " this Act ".
In Schedule 15, paragraph 3(2) and
( 3 ).
Sections 29 to 31 .
Schedule 5.
In Schedule 6, paragraph 4, para-
graph 12(c) and (d ) and, in para-
graph 40( f) , the words from
" not being " to " this Act "
In section 52( 4)(c), the word " cara-
vans" .
In section 76(3), the words " which
is not a trading company " .
In section 93(2)(b) , the words " five-
eighths or " and " other ".
1973 с. 51. The Finance Act 1973 .
1974 с. 30. The Finance Act 1974 .
Section 9.
In section 14, subsections (2), (4)
and(5 ).
Section 25.
1975 с. 7. The Finance Act 1975 . Section 2.
1975 c. 45. The Finance (No. 2) Act Section 39.
1975.
1510 SCH. 14 с .45
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1975
1. The repeals in section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970
and the repeals of sections 29 to 31 of and Schedule 5 to the
Finance Act 1971, of section 25 of the Finance Act 1974, and of
section 39 of the Finance ( No. 2 ) Act 1975 take effect on the day
which is appointed under section 68 of this Act for the purposes of
Chapter II of Part III of this Act except in relation to sums payable
before that day under the said section 29.
2. The repeal in section 76( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 has effect in
relation to interest paid or income arising after 29th April 1975.
c.46 1511



EMONDROL
International Road Haulage
Permits Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 46
An Act to make further provision with respect to the
forgery, carriage and production of licences, permits ,
authorisations and other documents relating to the
international carriage of goods by road; and for
purposes connected therewith. [1st August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by Carriage
statutory instrument provide that- on United
(a) a goods vehicle registered in the United Kingdom, or
Kingdom vehicles, and
(b) a trailer drawn by a vehicle registered in the United production, of
Kingdom, or international
road haulage
( c ) an unattached trailer which is for the time being in permits.
the United Kingdom,
may not be used on a journey to which the regulations apply,
being a journey-
(i) for or in connection with the carriage or haulage of
goods either for hire or reward or for or in connection
with any trade or business carried on by the user of
the vehicle, and
( ii) either between a place in the United Kingdom and a
place outside the United Kingdom or, if the journey
1512 c.46
International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975
passes through any part of the United Kingdom ,
between places both of which are outside the United
Kingdom,
unless a document of a description specified in the regulations
is carried on the vehicle or, in the case of a trailer, is carried
either on the vehicle drawing it or by a person in charge of it.
( 2) If it appears to an examiner that a goods vehicle registered
in the United Kingdom or a trailer is being used in such
circumstances that, by virtue of regulations under subsection ( 1)
above, a document of a description specified in the regulations
is required to be carried as mentioned in that subsection he
may, on production if so required of his authority, -
(a ) require the driver of the goods vehicle concerned or, in
the case of a trailer, the driver of the vehicle drawing
it or the person in charge of it to produce a document
of the description in question and to permit the
examiner to inspect and copy it,
( b) detain the goods vehicle or trailer concerned for such
time as is requisite for the purpose of inspecting and
copying the document,
( c ) at any time which is reasonable having regard to the
circumstances of the case enter any premises on which
he has reason to believe that there is kept a vehicle
( whether a goods vehicle or a trailer ) which is being
used on a journey to which regulations under sub-
section ( 1 ) above apply, and
(d ) at any time which is reasonable having regard to the
circumstances of the case enter any premises in which
he has reason to believe that any document of a
description specified in regulations under subsection
( 1) above is to be found and inspect and copy any such
document which he finds there .
( 3) If, without reasonable excuse, any person uses a goods
vehicle or trailer in contravention of regulations under subsection
( 1 ) above he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £200.
( 4 ) If the driver of a goods vehicle which is being used in such
circumstances as are specified in subsection (2) above or the
person in charge of, or the driver of a vehicle drawing, a trailer
which is being so used-
(a) without reasonable excuse refuses or fails to comply
with a requirement under subsection (2) above, or
(b) wilfully obstructs an examiner in the exercise of his
powers under that subsection,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 100.
International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975 c.46 1513
(5) If any person (other than a person specified in subsection
( 4) above) wilfully obstructs an examiner in the exercise of his
powers under paragraph (d ) of subsection (2) above, he shall
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.
(6) For the purposes of this section a motor vehicle which
for the time being has exhibited on it a licence or trade plates
issued-
( a) under the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1971 or under an enact- 1971 c. 10.
ment repealed by that Act, or
( b) under the Vehicles (Excise) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1972 1972 с. 10
or under any enactment of the Parliament of Northern ( Ν.Ι.) .
Ireland repealed by that Act,
shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to be registered
in the United Kingdom .
(7) Before making any regulations under subsection ( 1) above
the Secretary of State shall consult with such representative
organisations as he thinks fit, and a statutory instrument contain-
ing any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
(8) Any reference in this section to a person using a vehicle
( whether a goods vehicle or a trailer) shall be construed as if
this section were included in Part V of the Transport Act 1968 1968 c. 73.
or, as the case may require, Part III of the Transport Act 1967 c. 37
( Northern Ireland ) 1967 (operators' licences etc.) .
( Ν.Ι. ) .
(9 ) In this section-
" examiner " means an examiner appointed under section
56(1 ) of the Road Traffic Act 1972, an inspector 1972 с. 20.
appointed under section 37 of the Transport Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967 or an inspector of vehicles, as
defined in section 190(1) of the Road Traffic Act 1970 c. 2
( Northern Ireland ) 1970 ;
( Ν.Ι.).
" goods vehicle " means a motor vehicle constructed or
adapted for use for the carriage of goods or burden of
any description ;
66 trailer " means a trailer so constructed or adapted ;
and for the purposes of this subsection " motor vehicle " and
" trailer " have the same meaning as in the Road Traffic Act
1972 or, in Northern Ireland, the Road Traffic Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1970.
2.-(1) If it appears to an examiner-
Power to
( a) that a goods vehicle or a trailer is being used in such
prohibit vehicle or
circumstances as are specified in subsection (2) of
trailer being
section 1 above, and
taken out of
( b) that, without reasonable excuse, the driver of the goods the United
vehicle or, as the case may require, the person in charge Kingdom.
1514 c. 46 International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975
of, or the driver of a vehicle drawing, the trailer has
refused or failed to comply with a requirement under
that subsection,
the examiner may prohibit the removal of the goods vehicle or
trailer out of the United Kingdom, either absolutely or for a
specified purpose, and either for a specified period or without
limitation of time.
( 2) Where an examiner prohibits the removal of a goods
vehicle or trailer out of the United Kingdom under subsection ( 1 )
above, he shall forthwith give notice in writing of the prohibition
to the driver of the goods vehicle or, as the case may require, to
the person in charge of, or the driver of the vehicle drawing, the
trailer, specifying-
( a) the circumstances in consequence of which the
prohibition is imposed,
(b) whether the prohibition applies absolutely or for a
specified purpose, and
(c) whether the prohibition is for a specified period or
without limit of time,
and the prohibition under subsection ( 1) above shall come into
force as soon as notice thereof is given under this subsection.
( 3) Where an examiner is satisfied, with respect to a goods
vehicle or trailer to which a prohibition under subsection ( 1 )
above relates,-
( a) that the goods vehicle or trailer is being used on a journey
to which regulations under section 1 (1) above do not
apply, or
(b) that there is carried on the goods vehicle or, in the case
of a trailer, on the vehicle drawing it or by a person in
charge of it a document of a description specified in
those regulations ,
he may remove the prohibition and, where he does so, shall
forthwith give notice in writing of the removal of the prohibition
to the driver of the goods vehicle or, as the case may require, to
the person in charge of, or the driver of the vehicle drawing, the
trailer and the prohibition shall cease to have effect on the giving
of that notice.
( 4 ) Unless the person to whom a notice is given under sub-
section (2) or subsection (3) above is the person using the vehicle
concerned, as soon as practicable after such a notice has been
given, the examiner who gave it shall take steps to bring the
contents of the notice to the attention of the person using the
vehicle.
International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975 c.46 1515
( 5) In the exercise of his functions under this section, an
examiner shall act in accordance with any general directions
given by the Secretary of State.
(6) Any person who, without reasonable excuse, -
(a) removes a goods vehicle or trailer out of the United
Kingdom in contravention of a prohibition under
subsection ( 1 ) above, or
(b) causes or permits a goods vehicle or trailer to be removed
out of the United Kingdom in contravention of such
a prohibition,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to
a fine not exceeding £200.
(7) Subsections (8) and ( 9) of section 1 above shall apply in
relation to this section as they apply in relation to that.
3.- (1) In section 69 of the Transport Act 1968 ( revocation, Application
suspension and curtailment of operators' licences) in subsection of Transport
( 4 ) ( the convictions and prohibitions which constitute grounds Act 1968 and
for the licensing authority to act ) after paragraph ( e) there shall RoadTraffic
Act 1972 to
be inserted the following paragraphs : -
international
“
(ee) a conviction of the holder of the licence or a servant road haulage permits.
or agent of his of a contravention, in relation to an
international road haulage permit, within the meaning 1968 c. 73 .
of the Road Traffic Act 1972, of section 169 or 170
of that Act ;
(eee) a conviction of the holder of the licence or a servant
or agent of his under section 2 of the International
Road Haulage Permits Act 1975 " .
( 2) In section 169 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 (forgery of 1972 c. 20.
documents, etc.) in subsection (2) (the documents to which the
section relates) after paragraph ( h) there shall be inserted the
following paragraph: -
66 " (i) any international road haulage permit ".
( 3) In section 170 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 ( false state-
ments and withholding material information) at the end of sub-
section ( 1 ) there shall be added the words " or
(e ) of obtaining the grant of an international road haulage
permit to himself or any other person ".
( 4 ) In section 173( 2) of the Road Traffic Act 1972 (power of
constable, etc. to seize certain documents or plates where he has
reasonable cause to believe that offences have been committed
under any of sections 169 to 171 of that Act ) at the end of para-
graph (d ) there shall be added the words or66
( e ) to international road haulage permits ".
1516 c.46
International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975
1972 с. 20.
( 5) In section 196( 1) of the Road Traffic Act 1972 (interpreta-
tion ) after the definition of " highway authority " there shall be
inserted the following definition : -
" ' international road haulage permit ' means a licence,
permit, authorisation or other document issued in
pursuance of a Community instrument relating to the
carriage of goods by road between member States or an
international agreement to which the United Kingdom
is a party and which relates to the international
carriage of goods by road " .
Application
4.- (1) In section 29(1) of the Transport Act (Northern
ofTransport Act( Northern Ireland )
Ireland) 1967 (suspension and revocation of operators' or vehicle
licences) , after paragraph (d ) there shall be inserted the following
1967 to
paragraph : -
international
road haulage
" (dd ) that the holder of the licence, or any servant or agent
permits.
of his, has been convicted of an offence under section 2
1967 с. 37
of the International Road Haulage Permits Act 1975 ".
( Ν.Ι. ).
( 2) In section 34 of that Act (forgery of licences)-
(a ) at the end of paragraph (a) there shall be added the
66
words or any international road haulage permit " ,
and
( b) in paragraph (b) after the words 66
or mark ", in the
second place where they occur, there shall be substi-
tuted the words " mark or permit " .
(3) In section 35 of that Act (false statements) after paragraph
(c ) there shall be inserted the words " or66
( d ) obtaining the grant of an international road haulage
permit to himself or any other person ".
( 4 ) At the end of section 46 of that Act there shall be added
the following paragraph : -
" (e) ' international road haulage permit ' means a licence,
permit, authorisation or other document issued in
pursuance of a Community instrument relating to the
carriage of goods by road between member States
or an international agreement to which the United
Kingdom is a party and which relates to the inter-
national carriage of goods by road ".
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
5. ( 1) This Act may be cited as the International Road
Haulage Permits Act 1975.
( 2) This Act shall come into force on the expiry of the period
of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed .
( 3) This Act, except section 3, extends to Northern Ireland,
and section 4 of this Act extends to Northern Ireland only.
c. 47 1517

Litigants in Person (Costs
and Expenses) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 47
AnAct to make further provision as to the costs or expenses
recoverable by litigants in person in civil proceedings.
[1st August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1 ) Where, in any proceedings to which this subsection Costs or
applies , any costs of a litigant in person are ordered to be paid expenses
by any other party to the proceedings or in any other way, there recoverable.
may, subject to rules of court, be allowed on the taxation or
other determination of those costs sums in respect of any work
done, and any expenses and losses incurred, by the litigant in or in
connection with the proceedings to which the order relates .
This subsection applies to civil proceedings-
( a ) in a county court, in the Supreme Court or in the House of
Lords on appeal from the High Court or the Court of
Appeal,
( b) before the Lands Tribunal or the Lands Tribunal for
Northern Ireland, or
(c) in or before any other court or tribunal specified in an
order made under this subsection by the Lord
Chancellor.
( 2) Where, in any proceedings to which this subsection applies ,
any costs or expenses of a party litigant are ordered to be paid
by any other party to the proceedings or in any other way, there
may, subject to rules of court, be allowed on the taxation or
other determination of those costs or expenses sums in respect
of any work done, and any outlays and losses incurred, by the
1518 1949 с. 42.
1964 с. 29
( Ν.Ι. ).
1962 с. 30.
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
c.47 Litigants in Person (Costs and Expenses ) Act 1975
litigant in or in connection with the proceedings to which the
order relates .
This subsection applies to civil proceedings-
( a) in the sheriff court, the Scottish Land Court, the Court of
Session or the House of Lords on appeal from the
Court of Session,
( b) before the Lands Tribunal for Scotland, or
( c ) in or before any other court or tribunal specified in an
order made under this subsection by the Lord Advocate.
( 3) An order under subsection (1) or (2) above shall be
made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4 ) In this section " rules of court "-
( a ) in relation to the Lands Tribunal or the Lands Tribunal
for Scotland, means rules made under section 3 of the
Lands Tribunal Act 1949,
( b ) in relation to the Lands Tribunal for Northern Ireland,
means rules made under section 9 of the Lands Tribunal
and Compensation Act (Northern Ireland) 1964, and
(c ) in relation to any other tribunal specified in an order
made under subsection (1) or ( 2) above, shall have the
meaning given by the order as respects that tribunal.
( 5 ) In the application of subsection (1) above to Northern
66
Ireland, the expressions " county court ", " the Supreme Court ",
" the High Court " and " the Court of Appeal " shall have the
meanings respectively assigned to them by section 29(1) of the
Northern Ireland Act 1962.
2.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Litigants in Person (Costs
and Expenses) Act 1975.
( 2 ) This Act shall come into operation-
( a ) in relation to England and Wales and Northern Ireland ,
on such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order made
by statutory instrument appoint, and
( b ) in relation to Scotland, on such day as the Lord Advocate
may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.
( 3 ) An order under subsection (2 ) above-
( a ) may appoint different days for different purposes, and
( b ) may make such transitional provision as appears to the
Lord Chancellor or, as the case may be, the Lord
Advocate to be necessary or expedient.
( 4 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
c. 48 1519

Conservation of
Wild Creatures
and Wild Plants Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 48
An Act to provide for the protection and conservation of
wild creatures and of plants growing wild and to
amend section 9 of the Badgers Act 1973 .
[ 1st August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. If, save as may be permitted by or under this Act, any Restriction on
person without reasonable excuse- killing etc.
(a) kills, injures or takes, or attempts to kill, injure or take protected
wild creatures.
any protected wild creature ; or
(b) has in his possession any protected wild creature which
is not shown by him to have been killed or taken other-
wise than in contravention of this Act ;
he shall be guilty of an offence :
Provided that an authorised person shall not be guilty of an
offence against this section by reason only of any action taken
in respect of a protected wild creature, if he satisfies the court
before whom he is charged that his action was necessary for
the purpose of preventing serious damage to land, crops, poultry
or any other form of property.
2.-( 1 ) If, save as may be permitted by or under this Act, Restriction
any person without reasonable excuse sells, offers for sale or has on sale of
certain wild
in his possession for sale any live or dead creature of a species creatures.
specified in Schedule 1 to this Act, whether or not found living
wild, he shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) In this section any reference to sale shall be construed
as including a reference to barter and exchange and any refer-
1520 Restriction
on marking
or ringing.
Restriction
on uprooting
wild plants.
Protection of
rare plants.
General
exceptions.
Variation of
Schedules.
c.48
Conservation of Wild Creatures and
Wild Plants Act 1975
ence to dead creatures shall be construed as including the skins
or skeletons of such creatures.
3. If, save as may be permitted by or under this Act, any
person marks any protected wild creature or any other wild
creature being a bat or attaches any ring, tag or other marking
device to a protected wild creature or any other wild creature
being a bat, he shall be guilty of an offence.
4. If, save as may be permitted by or under this Act, any
person, other than an authorised person, without reasonable
excuse uproots any plant, he shall be guilty of an offence.
5. If, save as may be permitted by or under this Act, any
person without reasonable excuse picks, uproots or destroys any
protected plant, he shall be guilty of an offence unless the pick-
ing, uprooting or destruction occurs as an incidental result ,
which could not reasonably have been avoided, of any opera-
tion which was carried out in accordance with good agricultural
or forestry practice.
6. A person shall not be guilty of an offence against this Act
by reason only of-
( a ) the taking, or attempted taking, of any protected wild
creature which has been disabled otherwise than by
his act and was taken, or attempted to be taken, solely
for the purpose of tending it ;
(b) the killing, or attempted killing, of any protected wild
creature which appeared to be so seriously injured
or in such a condition that to kill it was, or would have
been, an act of mercy ; or
(c) the doing of anything in pursuance or furtherance of
any obligation imposed, or in exercise of any powers
conferred, by or under an Act of Parliament.
7.-( 1 ) Where, on a representation made to him by the Nature
Conservancy Council, it appears to the Secretary of State to be
necessary in the interests of the proper conservation of wild
creatures or plants he may by order add any wild creature or
plant to, or remove any wild creature or plant from, Schedule 1
or Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 2) An order made under subsection ( 1) of this section may
apply-
(a ) to the whole or to particular provisions of this Act ;
(b) generally or to a particular area ;
( c ) to wild creatures or plants in a particular category ; or
(d ) at all times or at particular times of the year ;
and the order may make different provision for different cir-
cumstances.
Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act 1975
c.48
1521
8.- ( 1 ) A licence may be granted to any person by the appro- Power to
priate authority stipulated in the next subsection authorising that grant licences.
person, notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any order
made under this Act, but subject to compliance with any specified
conditions-
(a) for scientific or educational purposes or for the conserva-
tion of wild creatures, to kill or take within a specified
area by any specified means or to have in his posses-
sion any number of specified protected wild creatures ;
( b) for the purposes of any specified zoological gardens or
collection, to take within a specified area by any
specified means or to have in his possession any num-
ber of specified protected wild creatures ;
( c ) for any of the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of this subsection, to offer for sale or to sell or
to have in his possession for sale any number of speci-
fied live or dead creatures the sale, offering for sale
or possession of which for sale would otherwise be an
offence under section 2 of this Act ;
(d ) for the purpose of marking or ringing, to take within
a specified area by any specified means any specified
protected wild creatures or any other wild creatures
being bats, to mark such protected wild creatures or
other wild creatures being bats, or to attach to them
any specified ring, tag or other marking device ;
( e ) for the purpose of preventing the spread of disease, to
kill or take protected wild creatures within a specified
area by any specified means ; or
( f ) for scientific or educational purposes or for the con-
servation of plants, to pick or uproot within a specified
area by any specified means any plant of a specified
species.
In this subsection " specified means specified in the licence
and in paragraph ( c) of this subsection any reference to dead
creatures shall be construed as including the skins or skeletons
of such creatures.
( 2 ) The appropriate authority for the grant of a licence under
the foregoing subsection shall be-
( a) in the case of a licence under paragraph (a) , (b) , (c) , (d)
or ( f ) of that subsection, the Nature Conservancy
Council ; and
( b ) in the case of a licence under paragraph (e) of that
subsection, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food or, in Scotland, the Secretary of State.
1522 Offender
maybe required to
quit land.
Enforcement. Penalties.
c .48
Conservation of Wild Creatures and
Wild Plants Act 1975
( 3) Subject to the provisions of the next subsection, any
licence granted under this section shall remain in force for such
period as shall be specified therein.
( 4 ) A licence granted under this section may be revoked at
any time by the authority by which it was granted .
(5) A licence granted under this section shall not confer any
right of entry upon any land.
(6) Without prejudice to any other penalty which he may
have incurred under this or any other Act, any person who
contravenes or fails to comply with any condition specified in
a licence granted under this section shall be guilty of an offence.
9. If any person shall be found committing, or shall with
reasonable cause be suspected of committing or of having com-
mitted, an offence under this Act on any land, it shall be lawful
for an authorised person or any constable to require that person
forthwith to quit such land and also give his name and address ;
and, if that person on being so required wilfully and without
claim of right remains upon the land or refuses to give his full
name and address, he shall be guilty of an offence.
10. A constable may stop any person he suspects with
reasonable cause of committing or of having committed an
offence under this Act, and may without warrant search that
person if , with reasonable cause, he suspects him of having
evidence on his person of the commission of an offence under
this Act, and may-
( a) without warrant arrest that person if he fails to give
his name and address to the constable's satisfaction ;
(b) without warrant search any vehicle, boat or animal
which that person may be using at that time ;
(c) seize and detain for the purpose of proceedings under
this Act anything which is capable of being used for the
taking or killing of protected wild creatures and which
he finds in the possession of that person ;
(d) seize any protected wild creature or plant which is
liable to be forfeited or restored under subsection (2) of
section 11 of this Act; and
(e) seize and detain for the purpose of proceedings under
this Act anything which may be in that person's
possession and which may be evidence of the commis-
sion of the offence.
11.-( 1) Any person guilty of an offence under this Act shall
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 :
Provided that, where the offence was committed in respect
of more than one protected wild creature or in respect of more
Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act 1975
c. 48
1523
than one species of plant, the maximum fine which may be
imposed under this subsection shall be determined as if the
person convicted had been convicted of a separate offence in
respect of each protected wild creature or each species of plant,
as the case may be.
( 2 ) The court before whom any person is convicted of an
offence under this Act may order the forfeiture or the restoration
to the owner of any wild creature or plant in respect of which
the offence was committed and the forfeiture of anything which
is capable of being used for the taking or killing of protected
wild creatures and which is found in the possession of that
person.
12. The Nature Conservancy Council in exercising its functions Duty of
under section 1( 1)(a)(ii) of the Nature Conservancy Council Nature
Act 1973- Conservancy
Council.
(a) at any time may, and five years after the passing of 1973 c. 54.
this Act and every five years thereafter shall, review
the Schedules to this Act and shall advise the Secre-
tary of State if any wild creature or plant has become
so rare that its status as a British wild creature or
plant is being endangered by any action designated as
an offence under this Act and it should be included in
Schedule 1 or 2 either generally or with respect to
a particular area or in relation to a particular category
and either at all times or at particular times of the
year or has become so common that its status is no
longer endangered and it should be removed there-
from ; and
(b) shall include a report on the advice given under the
foregoing paragraph (a) and on the evidence which
leads them to give that advice in the annual report
referred to in paragraph 17 of Schedule 3 to the Nature
Conservancy Council Act 1973 .
13.-( 1 ) A local authority shall take such steps as they consider Power of local
expedient for bringing the effect of this Act to the attention of authorities .
the public and in particular schoolchildren.
(2) A local authority in England or Wales shall have power
to institute proceedings for any offence under this Act committed
within their area .
14.-( 1 ) Any order made under this Act shall be made by Orders.
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament and
may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in the
same manner.
1524 c . 48
Conservation of Wild Creatures and
Wild Plants Act 1975
(2 ) The Secretary of State shall not make any order under
this Act except after consultation with such bodies appearing
to him to be representative of local authorities as he considers
appropriate and such other bodies or persons as he thinks fit.
(3) The Secretary of State shall cause notice of the making of
any order under this Act to be published in the Gazette.
( 4 ) In the case of an order relating to any area specified
therein, each local authority in whose administrative area any
part of the area as specified is situated shall take such steps, if
any, as may appear to them expedient, or as the Secretary of
State may direct , to bring the effect of the order to the notice
of the public within their area.
Interpretation.
1971 с. 78 .
1972 с. 70.
15.-( 1 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
" authorised person "
means the owner or occupier, or any
servant of the owner or occupier, or any person
authorised by the owner or occupier, of the land on
which the protected wild creature is killed, injured
or taken or on which the plant is growing ;
" Gazette " means, in England and Wales, the London
Gazette and, in Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette ;
" local authority " means-
( a) in relation to England and Wales-
(i ) a county council, the Greater London
Council, a district council, a London
borough council, the Common Council of
the City of London or a parish or com-
munity council ;
(ii) a joint planning board ( within the meaning
of section 1 (2) of the Town and Country
Planning Act 1971), a special
planning board ( within the meaning of
paragraph 3 of Schedule 17 to the Local
Government Act 1972) or a National Park
Committee (within the meaning of para-
graph 5 of the said Schedule 17) on which
any of the authorities mentioned in sub-
paragraph (i) above is represented ; or
(iii) the Council of the Isles of Scilly ; and
(b ) in relation to Scotland, a regional, islands or district
council ;
Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act 1975
c . 48
1525
" pick ", in relation to a plant, means gather or pluck but
not uproot, any part of the plant from the land on
which it is growing ;
" plant " means, subject to subsection (2) of this section, any
plant growing wild on any land ;
" protected plant " means a plant specified in Schedule 2
to this Act ;
" protected wild creature "
means a wild creature specified
in Schedule 1 to this Act found living wild, and
includes the eggs, larvae or pupae of any such wild
creature ;
" uproot " , in relation to a plant, means pull up, dig up
or remove the plant with its roots from the land on
which it is growing.
( 2 ) Any fungus or alga shall not be treated as a plant for the
purposes of this Act unless it is a composite of fungus and alga
in the form of lichen.
(3) Any reference in this Act to a plant includes reference
to any part of a plant .
16. In section 9 of the Badgers Act 1973 (which makes, in Amendment of
relation to badgers, provision corresponding to that made by s.9 of
section 8 of this Act) there shall be inserted after subsection ( 3) Badgers Act
1973.
the following subsection : -
1973 с 57.
66 ( 4) It shall be a defence in proceedings for an offence
under section 8(b) of the Protection of Animals Act 1911 or
section 7(b) of the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act
1912 (each of which restricts the placing on land of poison
and poisonous substances) to show that-
( a ) the act alleged to constitute the offence was done
under the authority of a licence granted under
paragraph (d ) of subsection (1) of this section ; and
(b) any conditions specified in the licence were com-
plied with. "
17.-(1) This Act may be cited as the Conservation of Wild Short title
Creatures and Wild Plants Act 1975. and extent.
(2 ) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
1526 c.48
Conservation of Wild Creatures and
Wild Plants Act 1975
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
WILD CREATURES PROTECTED BY THIS ACT
Common name Scientific name
Greater Horse-shoe Bat
Rhinolophus ferrumequinum
Mouse-eared Bat Myotis myotis
Sand Lizard Lacerta agilis
Smooth Snake
Coronella austriaca
Natterjack Toad Bufo calamita
Large Blue Butterfly Maculinea arion
Common name
Alpine Gentian
Alpine Sow -thistle
Alpine Woodsia
Blue Heath
Cheddar Pink
Diapensia Drooping Saxifrage
Ghost Orchid
Killarney Fern
Lady's - slipper
Mezereon
Military Orchid
Monkey Orchid
Oblong Woodsia
Red Helleborine
Snowdon Lily
Spiked Speedwell
Spring Gentian
Teesdale Sandwort
Tufted Saxifrage
Wild Gladiolus
SCHEDULE 2
SPECIES OF PROTECTED PLANTS
Scientific name
Gentiana nivalis
Cicerbita alpina
Woodsia alpina Phyllodoce caerulea
Dianthus gratianopolitanus
Diapensia lapponica
Saxifraga cernua
Epipogium aphyllum Trichomanes speciosum
Cypripedium calceolus
Daphne mezereum
Orchis militaris
Orchis simia
Woodsia ilvensis
Cephalanthera rubra
Lloydia serotina
Veronica spicata
Gentiana verna
Minuartia stricta
Saxifraga cespitosa
Gladiolus illyricus
c.49 1527



Mobile Homes Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 49
An Act to amend the law in respect of mobile homes
and residential caravan sites ; and for purposes
connected therewith. [ 1st August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituai and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where the owner Duty to offer
of a protected site proposes to permit- agreements.
(a ) any person to station a mobile home on that site ; or
( b) any person who has acquired a mobile home which is
stationed on that site to continue to station it on the site,
and, in either case, that person has notified the owner in writing
that he intends to occupy the mobile home as his only or main
residence , it shall be the duty of the owner of the protected site
before that person stations the mobile home on the site or begins
to occupy the mobile home, as the case may be, to offer to enter
into a written agreement with him in accordance with the
provisions of section 2 of this Act :
Provided that-
(i) for the period of three months following the commence-
ment of this Act the owner shall be deemed to have
1528 Mobile Homes Act 1975
c. 49
complied with this subsection if the offer to enter into
the agreement is made within that period ;
(ii) this subsection shall not apply in the case of a person
to whom an agreement which complies with section 3
of this Act has been assigned.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where at the com-
mencement of this Act any person is permitted to station a
mobile home on a protected site and occupies it as his only or
main residence, it shall be the duty of the owner of the protected
site within the period of three months following the commence-
ment of this Act to offer to enter into a written agreement with
him in accordance with the provisions of section 2 of this Act.
( 3) Where any person occupies a mobile home which is
stationed on a protected site and no duty is imposed on the
owner of the site under the foregoing provisions of this section
by reason only that the mobile home which he occupies is not his
only or main residence, then, if the mobile home becomes his
only or main residence and he so notifies the owner of the site
in writing, it shall be the duty of the owner within the period of
three months following the date of such notification to offer to
enter into a written agreement with him in accordance with the
provisions of section 2 of this Act.
( 4 ) An owner shall not be deemed to have offered to enter into
a written agreement under the foregoing provisions of this section
unless at the time of the offer he supplies the person to whom the
offer is made with a draft of the agreement so offered.
(5) Nothing in this section shall require an owner of a protected
site to offer to enter into an agreement with any person who
occupies a mobile home on the site by reason only of the
suspension of an order made by the court by virtue of section 4
of the Act of 1968 .
Term of
2.- (1 ) An agreement offered by an owner of a protected site
agreements etc. in pursuance of a duty imposed on him by section 1 of this Act
shall comply with section 3 of this Act and shall be for a term
of not less than five years :
Provided that-
(a ) where the estate or interest by virtue of which an owner
holds the site is insufficient to enable him to offer an
agreement having a term of five years, the owner shall
be deemed to have complied with this section if he
offers an agreement having a term which expires on
the date when his estate or interest in the site ceases ;
( b) where planning permission for the use of any land as
a site for mobile homes has been granted in terms such
Mobile Homes Act 1975 1529
c.49
that it will expire at the end of a specified period which
is less than five years from the date on which the agree-
ment is to commence, the owner shall be deemed to
have complied with this section if he offers an agree-
ment having a term which expires at the end of the
specified period.
( 2) Where
( a ) an owner of a protected site who is deemed to have
complied with this section by virtue of paragraph (a)
of the proviso to subsection ( 1) above subsequently
acquires a new or extended estate or interest in the land
comprising the site ; or
(b) an owner of a protected site is deemed to have complied
with this section by virtue of paragraph (b) of the
proviso to subsection ( 1) above and planning permission
is subsequently granted for the use of the land com-
prising the site as a site for mobile homes either without
limitation or for a specified period,
the owner shall offer to extend the term of any agreement entered
into in pursuance of a duty imposed on him by section 1 of this
Act for a period which expires on whichever of the following
dates first occurs : -
(i) a date which is five years from the date on which the
agreement commenced ;
(ii) the date when his estate or interest in the land ceases ; or
(iii ) the date on which planning permission expires .
3. An agreement entered into in pursuance of section 1 of Particulars to
this Act shall contain full particulars of the terms and conditions be contained
of the occupation of the part of the site to be occupied and, in agreement.
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall
include-
( a) the name and address of the owner and of the occupier ;
(b) a description of the part of the site to be occupied by
the occupier sufficient to enable that part to be precisely
identified ;
(c ) the date of the commencement and the length of the
term of the agreement which shall not be less than the
period specified in section 2(1) of this Act, subject to
the right of the occupier to determine the agreement
by giving not less than twenty-eight days' notice in
writing, and the right of the occupier to require the
owner to extend the term for a period of not less than
three years or, where the estate or interest by virtue of
which an owner holds the land comprising the site
is insufficient to enable him to extend the term for a
S
1
1530 Mobile Homes Act 1975
c .49
period of three years or planning permission for the
use of that land as a site for mobile homes is to expire
at the end of a specified period which is less than three
years, for a period expiring on the date when his estate
or interest in the land comprising the site ceases or
at the end of the specified period, as the case may be,
and section 2(2) of this Act shall apply mutatis
mutandis for the purposes of this paragraph as it
applies for the purposes of that section with the substi-
tution of the words " three years " for the words " five
years " ;
(d ) the annual charge to be made, the intervals at which
payment is to be made and provision for reviews of that
charge at intervals of twelve months, subject to the
right of an occupier who has determined the agreement
to be repaid by the owner such proportion (if any) of
any payment made by him as is attributable to a period
after he has ceased to occupy part of the site, any such
repayment being apportioned from day to day ;
(e) undertakings as to the making of payments on the due
date, as to quiet enjoyment and as to the provision of
services ;
( f ) undertakings on the part of the occupier and the owner
as to repair and maintenance of the mobile home and
of the site respectively and such other provisions as
may be necessary to maintain the standards reasonably
required by the owner in relation to the occupation,
use and management of the site and the facilities
provided on the site ;
( g ) the right of the owner to determine the agreement for
breach of an undertaking, subject to the requirement,
in the case of a breach which is capable of being
remedied, that he has served written notice of the
breach upon the occupier and has given the occupier a
reasonable opportunity of remedying it ;
( h) the right of the owner to have reasonable access to the
part of the site described in the agreement and the
right ( if necessary) to move the mobile home to another
part of the site for the purpose of carrying out essential
work to the site, subject to reinstatement either in the
same position or in a position which is reasonably
equivalent to that from which it has been moved and
the reconnection of all services ;
(i ) provision for the right of the occupier to assign the
agreement, subject to reasonable conditions including
the obtaining of the owner's consent which shall not be
Mobile Homes Act 1975 1531
c . 49
unreasonably withheld and the entry by the assignee
into direct undertakings with the owner ;
( j ) provision for the right of the occupier to sell a mobile
home on site to a purchaser approved by the owner,
whose approval shall not be unreasonably withheld :
Provided that-
(i ) the terms of the agreement as to repair and
maintenance have been complied with and
all sums due to the owner under the agree-
ment have been paid ;
(ii) the occupier has first offered the mobile
home to the owner at fair market price less
such discount as may be prescribed in the
agreement and such offer has not been
accepted by the owner within fourteen
days ;
(iii) notwithstanding that such offer has not been
accepted by the owner within fourteen
days, the occupier shall not sell the mobile
home at a price which is lower than that so
offered without re-offering the mobile home
to the owner at that price for acceptance
within forty-eight hours ; and
(iv ) the owner shall be entitled to receive such
commission on the sale to a third party as
may be provided for in the agreement.
4. (1) If the owner of a protected site on which a mobile Disputes .
home is, or is to be, stationed-
( a) fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the
provisions of section 1 of this Act ; or
( b ) having in compliance with the said provisions offered to
the occupier an agreement on terms and conditions
which have been accepted by the occupier, fails without
reasonable excuse to enter into a written agreement with
the occupier to give effect to the terms and conditions
so agreed within the period of one month following the
date of such acceptance,
the occupier may apply to the court for the grant of an agreement
which complies with section 3 of this Act or which contains the
terms and conditions so agreed, as the case may be.
( 2 ) On an application under subsection ( 1) above the court
shall make an order for the grant of an agreement which-
(a ) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of that subsection ,
complies with section 3 of this Act and contains such
terms and conditions as the court thinks reasonable ; or
S2
c .49
1532 Mobile Homes Act 1975
(b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection-
(i) where the court is satisfied that terms and con-
ditions have been agreed between the parties,
contains the terms and conditions so agreed ; or
(ii) where the court is not so satisfied, complies
with section 3 of this Act and contains such
terms and conditions as the court thinks reason-
able.
( 3) If an occupier to whom an agreement has been offered by
an owner of a protected site in pursuance of a duty under section
1 of this Act fails without reasonable excuse to signify within the
period of three months following the date on which the agree-
ment is so offered whether or not the terms and conditions
contained in it are acceptable to him, the owner of the protected
site may apply to the court for the grant of an agreement which
complies with section 3 of this Act.
( 4 ) On an application under subsection ( 3) above the court
shall make an order for the grant of an agreement which complies
with section 3 of this Act and contains such terms and conditions
as the court thinks reasonable .
(5) An occupier who is dissatisfied with any of the terms or
conditions in an agreement offered to him by an owner in pur-
suance of a duty imposed under section 1 of this Act may, within
the period of three months following the date on which the
agreement is so offered, apply to the court for the determination
of the matter in dispute.
(6) Where an agreement has been entered into in pursuance of
section 1 of this Act or has been granted by virtue of an order
of the court under this section, either party may apply to the
court for the determination of any matter in dispute arising under
the terms of the agreement.
(7 ) On an application under subsection (5) or subsection (6)
above the court shall determine the matter in dispute and shall
make such order as is necessary to give effect to its determination.
(8) Where on an application made under this subsection by the
owner of a protected site the court is satisfied that an occupier
does not occupy as his only or main residence a mobile home
which is stationed on that site by virtue of an agreement entered
into in pursuance of section 1 of this Act or granted by virtue of
an order of the court under this section, the court may make an
order rescinding the agreement on such terms as to payment by
or to either party of damages for the non-performance of the
agreement, or otherwise, as to the court may seem equitable.
Agreements to 5.-( 1 ) An agreement entered into in pursuance of section 1 of
bind successive this Act or granted by virtue of an order of the court under
owners.section 4 of this Act (including an agreement as varied from time
c . 49
Mobile Homes Act 1975 1533
to time by any such order ) shall be binding, not only upon the
occupier and the owner who are the parties to the agreement, but
also upon the successors in title of any such owner who hold a
site licence for the time being in force in respect of the site to
which the agreement relates and any person claiming through or
under them.
(2) The reference in subsection ( 1) above to an occupier who
is a party to the agreement shall be deemed to include, in the
case of the death of such an occupier during the subsistence of
an agreement, a reference to any person then residing with the
occupier being-
(a ) the widow or widower of the occupier ; or
( b) in default of a widow or widower so residing, any mem-
ber of the occupier's family.
6.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by order-
( a) vary in such manner as he thinks fit any of the periods
specified in section 1, section 2 and section 3 of this
Act; or
(b) prescribe for the purposes of the proviso to paragraph
( j ) of the said section 3 all or any of the following,
that is to say-
(i) maximum rates of discount or commission :
(ii ) minimum rates of discount or commission ;
or
(iii) a scale of rates of discount or commission,
for incorporation in agreements entered into
after the date on which the order comes into
operation.
( 2 ) An order made under subsection ( 1) above may apply
generally or to a particular area and an order made under
paragraph (b) of that subsection may prescribe different rates
or scales of discount or commission in relation to different
areas.
( 3) The power of the Secretary of State to make orders under
this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 4 ) An order under subsection ( 1) above shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
(5 ) Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order
under any provision of this section shall include a power to
make an order varying or revoking any order previously made
under that provision.
S3
Orders.
1534 Mobile Homes Act 1975
с. 49
Power to
prescribe
minimum
standards.
1
Extension of
Act of 1968
to Scotland.
Interpretation.
1960 с. 62.
1958 с. 52. 7.- ( 1 ) Without prejudice to his powers under section 5(6)
of the Act of 1960, the Secretary of State may by order prescribe
minimum standards with respect to the layout of, and the provi-
sion of facilities, services and equipment for protected sites within
the meaning of Part I of the Act of 1968 on which there are
mobile homes occupied as an only or main residence.
( 2) An order made under subsection ( 1 ) above may apply
generally or to a particular area or to protected sites in a parti-
cular category and may prescribe different minimum standards in
relation to protected sites in different categories.
(3) The power of the Secretary of State to make orders
under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 4 ) An order under subsection ( 1) above shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
( 5) Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order
under any provision of this section shall include a power to
make an order varying or revoking any order previously made
under that provision.
8. Part I ( relating to the protection of residential occupiers)
and Part III (miscellaneous) of the Act of 1968 shall apply to
Scotland subject to the modifications contained in the Schedule
to this Act.
9. ( 1 ) In this Act the following expressions have the follow-
ing meanings, that is to say-
" the Act of 1960 " means the Caravan Sites and Control
of Development Act 1960 ;
" the Act of 1968 " means the Caravan Sites Act 1968 ;
" the court " means the county court for the district in
which the protected site is situated ;
" mobile home " has the same meaning as 66
ود
caravan in
Part I of the Act of 1960 as amended by the Act
of 1968 ;
ود
" occupier means a person to whom an owner of a
protected site is required to offer an agreement under
section 1 of this Act ;
66 owner means, in relation to any land which is a
protected site and in respect of which a site licence is
for the time being in force, the person who, by virtue
of an estate or interest therein held by him, is entitled
to possession thereof or would be so entitled but for
the rights of any other person under any agreement,
c. 49
Mobile Homes Act 1975 1535
whether entered into under the provisions of this Act
or otherwise, to station mobile homes thereon ;
" planning permission" means permission under Part III
of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ;
1971 с. 78 .
" protected site " means any land in respect of which a
site licence is required under Part I of the Act of 1960,
not being land in respect of which the relevant plan-
ning permission or site licence-
( a) is expressed to be granted for holiday use
only ; or
(b) is otherwise so expressed or subject to such
conditions that there are times of the year when no
mobile home may be stationed on the land for
human habitation ;
" site licence " has the same meaning as in Part I of the
Act of 1960.
(2) In the application of this Act to Scotland any reference to
the court shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff having
jurisdiction where the protected site is situated, for the reference
to Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 there
shall be substituted a reference to Part III of the Town and 1972 c. 52.
Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1972 and in section 3(e) the
words " as to quiet enjoyment " shall be omitted.
10.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Mobile Homes Act Short title,
1975 .
commencement
and extent.
( 2 ) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the
period of two months beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
( 3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
S4
c .49
1536 Mobile Homes Act 1975
Section S. SCHEDULE
MODIFICATIONS OF THE ACT OF 1968 FOR THE PURPOSE OF
EXTENDING THAT ACT TO SCOTLAND
PART I
GENERAL ADAPTATION
1. For section 17 ( 3) of the Act of 1968 (extent) there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
" ( 3) Part I and sections 13, 14(1), 16, subsection (1) above
and this subsection shall extend to Scotland as read with
section 8 of and the Schedule to the Mobile Homes Act 1975,
but otherwise this Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern
Ireland. ".
PART II
SPECIFIC MODIFICATIONS
2. For section 5 of the Act of 1968 there shall be substituted the
following section-
6 5.- (1) In this Part of this Act any reference to the
court shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff having
jurisdiction in the place where the protected site is situated.
( 2) The power of the court under section 4 of this Act to
suspend the enforcement of an order shall extend to any order
made but not executed before the commencement of this Part
of this Act.
( 3 ) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect the operation
of section 89 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland )
Act 1845.
( 4 ) Section 12(1) of the Caravan Sites and Control of Develop-
ment Act 1960 ( power of site occupier to take possession and
terminate a licence or tenancy in case of contravention of section
1 of that Act), when read with section 32(1)( d ) of that Act, shall
have effect subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this
Act.
( 5 ) Part III of the Rent Act 1965 (protection against harass-
ment and eviction without due process of law ) shall not apply
to any premises being a caravan stationed on a protected site. ".
3. For section 16 of the Act of 1968 there shall be substituted
the following section-
" 16. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
caravan has the same meaning as in Part I of the
Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960,
as amended by this Act ;
" local authority " means a local authority within the mean-
ing of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 and
c .49
Mobile Homes Act 1975 1537
the regional or district planning authority within the
meaning of Part IX of that Act ;
" the Minister " means the Secretary of State ;
66 planning permission " means permission under Part III
of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act
1972. ".
1538 c . 50


ETMON DROLL
Guard Dogs Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 50
Control of
guard dogs.
An Act to regulate the keeping and use of guard dogs ;
and for purposes connected therewith.
[1st August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- ( 1) A person shall not use or permit the use of a guard dog
at any premises unless a person (" the handler ") who is capable
of controlling the dog is present on the premises and the dog is
under the control of the handler at all times while it is being so
used except while it is secured so that it is not at liberty to go
freely about the premises .
(2) The handler of a guard dog shall keep the dog under his
control at all times while it is being used as a guard dog at any
premises except-
(a) while another handler has control over the dog ; or
(b) while the dog is secured so that it is not at liberty to go
freely about the premises .
( 3) A person shall not use or permit the use of a guard dog at
any premises unless a notice containing a warning that a guard
dog is present is clearly exhibited at each entrance to the premises.
c .50
Guard Dogs Act 1975 1539
2.- (1) A person shall not keep a dog at guard dog kennels Restriction
unless he holds a licence under section 3 of this Act in respect of on keeping
the kennels. guard dogs
without a
( 2 ) Aperson shall not use or permit the use at any premises of licence.
a guard dog if he knows or has reasonable cause to suspect that
the dog ( when not being used as a guard dog) is normally kept at
guard dog kennels in breach of subsection (1) of this section.
3.- (1) A local authority may on the application in the pre- Guard dog
scribed form of , and on payment of the prescribed fee by, a kennel
personwho runs or intends to run guard dog kennels at premises licences.
within their area grant that person a licence in respect of those
kennels.
( 2) A licence under this section shall be made subject to the
prescribed conditions (if any ) and to such other conditions as the
local authority thinks fit .
( 3) A licence under this section shall, subject to regulations,
come into force on a date specified in the licence as the com-
mencement date and shall expire at the end of the period of twelve
months beginning with that date unless it is cancelled by a court
in pursuance of the following subsection .
( 4 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this Act,
the Protection of Animals Act 1911 , the Protection of Animals 1911 c. 27.
(Scotland ) Act 1912, the Pet Animals Act 1951, the Animal 1912 с. 14.
Boarding Establishments Act 1963 or the Breeding of Dogs Act 1951 c. 35.
1973, the court by which he is convicted may cancel any licence 1963 c. 43.
held by him under this Act. 1973 с. 60.
( 5) The court may suspend the operation of the cancellation
pending an appeal .
( 6 ) For the purposes of this Act the Inner and Middle Temples
shall be deemed to be in the City of London.
4 .- (1) The applicant or, as the case may be, the licence Appeals.
holder may appeal to a magistrates' court or, in Scotland, a
sheriff court, against-
( a ) the refusal of a local authority to grant a licence ; or
( b ) the conditions ( other than the prescribed conditions) to
which the licence is subject ; or
(c ) the authority's refusal to vary the conditions ; or
(d ) the revocation of a licence.
( 2 ) On an appeal the court may, if it thinks fit, give directions
to the local authority with respect to the licence or the conditions,
and it shall be the duty of the local authority to comply with such
directions.
c. 50
1540 Guard Dogs Act 1975
Offences,
penalties and
civil liability.
Regulations .
Interpreta-
tion .
1953 с. 28 .
5.- ( 1 ) A person who contravenes section 1 or 2 of this Act
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to
a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 2 ) The provisions of this Act shall not be construed as-
( a ) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings (other
than proceedings for the recovery of a fine or any
prescribed fee ) in respect of any contravention of this
Act or of any regulations made under this Act or of
any of the terms or conditions of a licence granted
under section 3 of this Act; or
( b ) derogating from any right of action or other remedy
( whether civil or criminal ) in proceedings instituted
otherwise than by virtue of this Act.
6.- (1) Regulations may be made-
( a ) enabling a local authority to revoke a licence and, on the
application of the licence holder, to vary the conditions
( other than the prescribed conditions) of the licence ;
( b) requiring the payment of the prescribed fee to be made to
a local authority on inspection by the authority of
premises in respect of which an application for a licence
has been made ;
( c ) providing for the continuance or transfer of the licence
where an appeal is made, and on the death of the licence
holder.
( 2 ) Any power to make regulations under this Act-
( a ) may be exercised so as to make different provisions for
different cases or different classes of cases ;
( b ) includes power to make such incidental or supplemental
provision in the regulations as the Secretary of State
considers appropriate.
( 3) Regulations under this Act shall be made by statutory
instrument which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of
either House of Parliament.
7. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
66 agricultural land " has the same meaning as in the Dogs
(Protection of Livestock ) Act 1953 ;
" guard dog " means a dog which is being used to protect-
( a) premises ; or
( b) property kept on the premises ; or
( c ) a person guarding the premises or such property;
" guard dog kennels " means a place where a person in the
course of business keeps a dog which (notwithstanding
that it is used for other purposes) is used as a guard dog
c. 50
Guard Dogs Act 1975 1541
elsewhere, other than a dog which is used as a guard dog
only at premises belonging to its owner ;
" local authority " means, in relation to England and Wales,
a district council, a London borough council and the
Common Council ofthe City of London, and, in relation
to Scotland, an islands council or a district council ;
" premises ” means land other than agricultural land and
land within the curtilage of a dwelling-house, and
buildings , including parts of buildings, other than
dwelling-houses ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
66 regulations " means regulations made by the Secretary
of State.
8.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Guard Dogs Act 1975. Short title,
commencement
( 2) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary and extent.
of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint,
and different days may be so appointed for, or for different
purposes of , different provisions.
( 3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 51 1543




Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 51
An Act to consolidate the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1923 and certain other enactments
relating to salmon and freshwater fisheries, and to
repeal certain obsolete enactments relating to such
fisheries . [1st August 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : --
PART I
PROHIBITION OF CERTAIN MODES OF TAKING OR
DESTROYING FISH, ETC.
1.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, no person shall-
Prohibited
implements .
( a) use any of the following instruments, that is to say-
(i) a firearm within the meaning of the Firearms 1968 c. 27 .
Act 1968 ;
(ii) an otter lath or jack, wire or snare ;
(iii) a crossline or setline ;
(iv) a spear, gaff, stroke-haul, snatch or other like
instrument ;
( v) a light ;
for the purpose of taking or killing salmon, trout
or freshwater fish ;
( b) have in his possession any instrument mentioned in
paragraph (a) above intending to use it to take or kill
salmon, trout or freshwater fish ; or
(c) throw or discharge any stone or other missile for the
purpose of taking or killing, or facilitating the taking
or killing of any salmon, trout or freshwater fish.
1544 c .51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART I
Roe, spawning
and unclean
fish, etc.
( 2 ) If any person contravenes this section, he shall be guilty
of an offence unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court
that the act was done for the purpose of the preservation or
development of a private fishery and with the previous per-
mission in writing of the water authority for the area in which
the act was done.
( 3) In this section-
" crossline " means a fishing line reaching from bank to
bank across water and having attached to it one or
more lures or baited hooks ;
“ otter lath or jack " includes any small boat or vessel,
board, stick or other instrument, whether used with a
hand line, or as auxiliary to a rod and line, or otherwise
for the purpose of running out lures, artificial or
otherwise ;
" setline " means a fishing line left unattended in water and
having attached to it one or more lures or baited
hooks ;
" stroke- haul or snatch " includes any instrument or device,
whether used with a rod and line or otherwise, for the
purpose of foul hooking any fish .
( 4 ) This section shall not apply to any person using a gaff
( consisting of a plain metal hook without a barb) or tailer as
auxiliary to angling with a rod and line or having such a gaff
or a tailer in his possession intending to use it as aforesaid.
2.-( 1) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, any person who, for
thepurpose of fishing for salmon, trout or freshwater fish-
( a) uses any fish roe ; or
( b) buys, sells , or exposes for sale, or has in his possession
any roe of salmon or trout,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) Subject to subsections (3) and (5) below, any person who-
( a) knowingly takes, kills or injures, or attempts to take,
kill or injure, any salmon, trout or freshwater fish
which is unclean or immature ; or
(b) buys, sells , or exposes for sale, or has in his possession
any salmon, trout or freshwater fish which is unclean
or immature, or any part of any such fish,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) Subsection (2) above does not apply to any person who
takes a fish accidentally and returns it to the water with the
least possible injury.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c . 51
1545
( 4 ) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below, any person who, except
PART I
in the exercise of a legal right to take materials from any waters,
wilfully disturbs any spawn or spawning fish, or any bed, bank
or shallow on which any spawn or spawning fish may be, shall
be guilty of an offence .
( 5) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this
section in respect of any act, if he does the act for the purpose
of the artificial propagation of salmon, trout or freshwater fish
or for some scientific purpose or for the purpose of the preser-
vation or development of a private fishery and has obtained the
previous permission in writing of the water authority for the area .
3.- ( 1 ) Any person who shoots or works any seine or draft Nets.
net for salmon or migratory trout in any waters across more than
three-fourths of the width of those waters shall be guilty of an
offence.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any person who, except in
a place where smaller dimensions are authorised by byelaw, takes
or attempts to take salmon or migratory trout with any net that
has a mesh of less dimensions than 2 inches in extension from
knot to knot (the measurement to be made on each side of the
square) , or 8 inches measured round each mesh when wet, shall
be guilty of an offence.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above " net " does not include a landing
net in use as auxiliary to angling with rod and line .
( 4 ) The placing of two or more nets the one behind the other
or near to each other in such manner as practically to diminish
the mesh of the nets used, or the covering of the nets used with
canvas, or the using of any other device so as to evade subsection
( 2) above, shall be deemed to be a contravention of that
subsection.
4.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, any person who Poisonous
causes or knowingly permits to flow, or puts or knowingly matter and
permits to be put, into any waters containing fish or
into anyPo
polluting
effluent.
tributaries of waters containing fish, any liquid or solid matter
to such an extent as to cause the waters to be poisonous or
injurious to fish or the spawning grounds, spawn or food of fish,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under subsec-
tion ( 1) above for any act done in the exercise of any right to
which he is by law entitled or in continuance of a method in
use in connection with the same premises before 18th July 1923,
if he proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used the
best practicable means, within a reasonable cost, to prevent such
1546 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART I
Prohibition
ofuse of
explosives,
poisons or
electrical
devices and of
destruction of
dams etc.
1951 с. 64.
1951 с. 66.
1974 с. 40. matter from doing injury to fish or to the spawning grounds,
spawn or food of fish .
(3) Proceedings under this section shall not be instituted except
by the water authority for the area or by a person who has first
obtained a certificate from the Minister that he has a material
interest in the waters alleged to be affected .
5.- (1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, no person shall use
in or near any waters (including waters adjoining the coast
of England and Wales and within the exclusive fishery limits
of the British Islands) any explosive substance, any poison or
other noxious substance , or any electrical device, with intent
thereby to take or destroy fish .
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to the use by a person
of any substance or device-
(a) for a scientific purpose, or for the purpose of protecting,
improving or replacing stocks of fish ; and
( b ) with the permission in writing of the water authority
for the area ;
but as respects the use of any noxious substance such permission
shall not be given by a water authority otherwise than with the
approval of the Minister.
( 3) No person shall, without lawful excuse, destroy or damage
any dam, flood-gate or sluice with intent thereby to take or
destroy fish.
( 4 ) A person who contravenes subsection ( 1 ) or (3) above or
who, for the purpose of contravening subsection ( 1) above, has
in his possession any explosive or noxious substance or any
electrical device, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 5) The use of any substance in any waters for a purpose
falling within paragraph ( a) of subsection (2) above, and with
the permission mentioned in paragraph ( b) of that subsection,
shall not constitute an offence under-
( a) section 4 above ;
(b) any byelaws made under paragraph 31 of Schedule 3
below ;
(c) section 2( 1) (a) of the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution )
Act 1951 ; or
(d ) section 22( 1)(a) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)
( Scotland) Act 1951 .
(6) On the coming into force of section 31 of the Control of
Pollution Act 1974, subsection (5 ) above shall have effect as if
the following paragraph were substituted for paragraph (c) : -
66 (c ) section 31( 1)(a ) of the Control of Pollution Act
1974".
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c .51
1547
PART II
OBSTRUCTIONS TO PASSAGE OF FISH
6.- (1 ) Any person who-
Fixed
( a ) places a fixed engine in any inland or tidal waters ; or
engines.
( b) uses an unauthorised fixed engine for taking or facili-
tating the taking of salmon or migratory trout or for
detaining or obstructing the free passage of salmon
or migratory trout in any such waters,
shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) A person acting under directions to that effect given by
the water authority for the area may take possession of or
destroy an engine placed or used in contravention of this section.
( 3) In subsection ( 1) above " unauthorised fixed engine "
means any fixed engine other than-
( a) a fixed engine certified in pursuance of the Salmon 1865 c. 121 .
Fishery Act 1865 to be a privileged fixed engine ; or
( b) a fixed engine which was in use for taking salmon or
migratory trout during the open season of 1861, in
pursuance of an ancient right or mode of fishing as
lawfully exercised during that open season, by virtue
of any grant or charter or immemorial usage.
7.-( 1 ) No unauthorised fishing weir shall be used for taking Fishing weirs .
or facilitating the taking of salmon or migratory trout.
(2) Where a fishing weir extends more than halfway across
any river at its lowest state of water, it shall not be used for
the purpose of taking salmon or migratory trout unless it has
in it a free gap or opening situated in the deepest part of the
river between the points where it is intercepted by the weir,
and-
(a) the sides of the gap are in a line with and parallel to
the direction of the stream at the weir ; and
( b) the bottom of the gap is level with the natural bed of
the river above and below the gap ; and
( c ) the width of the gap in its narrowest part is not less
than one-tenth part of the width of the river.
(3) A free gap need not be more than 40 feet wide and must
not be less than 3 feet wide.
( 4) If any person uses a weir in contravention of this section
or makes any alteration in the bed of a river in such manner as
to to reduce the flow of water through a free gap, he shall be
guilty of an offence.
1548 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART II
Fishing mill
dams.
Duty to make
and maintain
fish passes.
( 5) In subsection ( 1) above " unauthorised fishing weir "
means any fishing weir which was not lawfully in use on 6th
August 1861 , by virtue of a grant or charter or immemorial
usage.
8.- ( 1) No unauthorised fishing mill dam shall be used for
taking or facilitating the taking of salmon or migratory trout.
( 2) A fishing mill dam shall not be used for the purpose
of taking salmon or migratory trout unless it has attached
to it a fish pass of such form and dimensions as may be
approved by the Minister, and unless the fish pass is maintained
in such a condition and has constantly running through it such
a flow of water as will enable salmon and migratory trout to
pass up and down the pass .
( 3) If any person-
( a) uses an unauthorised fishing mill dam as mentioned in
subsection ( 1) above ; or
( b) uses or attempts to use a dam in contravention of sub-
section (2) above,
he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) If a fishing mill dam has not a fish pass attached to it
as required by law, the right of using the fishing mill dam for
the purpose of taking fish shall be deemed to have ceased
and be for ever forfeited, and the water authority for the area
may remove from it any cage, crib, trap, box, cruive or other
obstruction to the free passage of the fish.
( 5) In subsection ( 1) above " unauthorised fishing mill dam "
means any fishing mill dam which was not lawfully in use on
6th August 1861, by virtue of a grant or charter or immemorial
usage.
9.-( 1) Where in any waters frequented by salmon or
migratory trout-
( a) a new dam is constructed or an existing dam is raised
or otherwise altered so as to create increased obstruc-
tion to the passage of salmon or migratory trout, or
any other obstruction to the passage of salmon or
migratory trout is created, increased or caused ; or
(b) a dam which from any cause has been destroyed or
taken down to the extent of one-half of its length is
rebuilt or reinstated,
the owner or occupier for the time being of the dam or obstruc-
tion shall, if so required by notice given by the water authority
for the area and within such reasonable time as may be specified
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с.51
1549
in the notice, make a fish pass for salmon or migratory trout
of such form and dimensions as the Minister may approve as
part of the structure of, or in connection with, the dam or
obstruction, and shall thereafter maintain it in an efficient state .
( 2) If any such owner or occupier fails to make such a fish
pass, or to maintain such a fish pass in an efficient state, he
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) The water authority may cause to be done any work
required by this section to be done, and for that purpose may
enter on the dam or obstruction or any land adjoining it, and
may recover the expenses of doing the work in a summary
manner from any person in default.
( 4 ) Nothing in this section—
( a) shall authorise the doing of anything that may injuriously
affect any public waterworks or navigable river, canal,
or inland navigation, or any dock, the supply of water
to which is obtained from any navigable river, canal
or inland navigation, under any Act of Parliament ; or
(b) shall prevent any person from removing a fish pass for
the purpose of repairing or altering a dam or other
obstruction, provided that the fish pass is restored to
its former state of efficiency within a reasonable time ;
or
( c ) shall apply to any alteration of a dam or other obstruc-
tion, unless-
(i) the alteration consists of a rebuilding or re-
instatement of a dam or other obstruction destroyed
or taken down to the extent of one-half of its length,
or
PART II
( ii ) the dam or obstruction as altered causes more
obstruction to the passage of salmon or migratory
trout than was caused by it as lawfully constructed
or maintained at any previous date.
10.-(1 ) Any water authority may, with the written consent Power
of the Minister, construct and maintain in any dam or in con- ofwater
nection with any dam a fish pass of such form and dimensions authority to
construct
as the Minister may approve, so long as no injury is done by and alter
such a fish pass to the milling power, or to the supply of water fish passes .
of or to any navigable river, canal or other inland navigation .
( 2) Any water authority may, with the written consent of the
Minister , abolish or alter, or restore to its former state of
efficiency, any existing fish pass or free gap, or substitute another
fish pass or free gap, provided that no injury is done to the
milling power, or to the supply of water of or to any navigable
river, canal or other inland navigation .
1550 c . 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART II
(3) If any person injures any such new or existing fish pass,
he shall pay the expenses incurred by the water authority in
repairing the injury, and any such expenses may be recovered
by the water authority in a summary manner.
Minister's
consents and
approvals for
fish passes.
Penalty for
injuring or
obstructing fish pass or
free gap.
11.- (1 ) Any approval or consent given by the Minister to
or in relation to a fish pass may, if in giving it he indicates
that fact, be provisional until he notifies the applicant for
approval or consent that the pass is functioning to his
satisfaction.
(2) While any such approval or consent is provisional, the
Minister may, after giving the applicant not less than 90 days'
notice of his intention to do so, revoke the approval or consent.
(3) Where the Minister revokes a provisional approval given
to a fish pass forming part of or in connection with a dam or
other obstruction, he may extend the period within which a
fish pass is to be made as part of or in connection with the
obstruction.
( 4) The Minister may approve and certify any fish pass if he
is of opinion that it is efficient in all respects and for all
purposes, whether it was constructed under this Act or not.
( 5) Where a fish pass has received the approval of the
Minister, and the approval has not been revoked, it shall be
deemed to be a fish pass in conformity with this Act, not-
withstanding that it was not constructed in the manner and by
the person specified in this Act.
12.-( 1 ) If any person-
(a) wilfully alters or injures a fish pass ; or
(b) does any act whereby salmon or trout are obstructed
or liable to be obstructed in using a fish pass or whereby
a fish pass is rendered less efficient ; or
(c ) alters a dam or the bed or banks of the river so as to
render a fish pass less efficient ; or
(d ) uses any contrivance or does any act whereby salmon or
trout are in any way liable to be scared, hindered or
prevented from passing through a fish pass ,
he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall also in every case pay
any expenses which may be incurred in restoring the fish pass
to its former state of efficiency ; and any such expenses may be
recovered in a summary manner.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c.51
1551
(2) The owner or occupier of a dam shall be deemed to have
PART II
altered it if it is damaged, destroyed or allowed to fall into a
state of disrepair, and if after notice is served on him by the
water authority in whose area the dam is or was situated he
fails to repair or reconstruct it within a reasonable time so as to
render the fish pass as efficient as before the damage or
destruction.
(3) If any person-
( a) does any act for the purpose of preventing salmon or
trout from passing through a fish pass, or takes , or
attempts to take, any salmon or trout in its passage
through a fish pass ; or
(b) places any obstruction, uses any contrivance or does any
act whereby salmon or trout may be scared, deterred
or in any way prevented from freely entering and
passing up and down a free gap at all periods of the
year,
he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4) This section shall not apply to a temporary bridge or
board used for crossing a free gap, and taken away immediately
after the person using it has crossed.
13.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, unless permission Sluices.
in writing is granted by the water authority for the area, any
sluices for drawing off the water which would otherwise flow
over any dam in waters frequented by salmon or migratory
trout shall be kept shut on Sundays and at all times when the
water is not required for milling purposes, in such manner as to
cause the water to flow through any fish pass in or connected
with the dam or, if there is no such fish pass, over the dam.
( 2) If any person fails to comply with this section, he shall
be guilty of an offence.
(3) This section shall not prevent any person opening a sluice
for the purpose of letting off water in cases of flood or for
milling purposes or when necessary for the purpose of naviga-
tion or, subject to previous notice in writing being given to the
water authority, for cleaning or repairing the dam or mill or
its appurtenances.
14.-( 1 ) Where water is diverted from waters frequented by Gratings.
salmon or migratory trout by means of any conduit or artificial
channel and the water so diverted is used for the purposes of
a water or canal undertaking or for the purposes of any mill,
the owner of the undertaking or the occupier of the mill shall,
unless an exemption from the obligation is granted by the water
authority for the area, place and maintain, at his own cost, a
1552 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PARTII
grating or gratings across the conduit or channel for the purpose
of preventing the descent of the salmon or migratory trout.
( 2 ) In the case of any such conduit or artificial channel the
owner of the undertaking or the occupier of the mill shall also,
unless an exemption is granted as aforesaid, place and maintain
at his own cost a grating or gratings across any outfall of the
conduit or channel for the purpose of preventing salmon or
migratory trout entering the outfall.
( 3) A grating shall be constructed and placed in such a
manner and position as may be approved by the Minister.
( 4 ) If any person without lawful excuse fails to place or to
maintain a grating in accordance with this section, he shall
be guilty of an offence.
( 5 ) No such grating shall be so placed as to interfere with
the passage of boats on any navigable canal.
( 6) The obligations imposed by this section shall not be in
force during such period (if any ) in each year as may be pre-
scribed by byelaw.
( 7 ) The obligations imposed by this section on the occupier
of a mill shall apply only where the conduit or channel was
constructed on or after 18th July 1923.
Power of water
authority to
use gratings
etc. to limit
movements
of salmon
and trout.
15.-( 1) A water authority, with the written consent of the
Minister-
( a ) may cause a grating or gratings of such form and
dimensions as they may determine to be placed and
maintained, at the expense of the authority, at a suitable
place in any watercourse, mill race, cut , leat, conduit
or other channel for conveying water for any purpose
from any waters frequented by salmon or migratory
trout ; and
( b) may cause any watercourse, mill race, cut, leat, conduit
or other channel in which a grating is placed under
this section to be widened or deepened at the expense
of the authority so far as may be necessary to com-
pensate for the diminution of any flow of water caused
by the placing of the grating, or shall take some other
means to prevent the flow of water being prejudicially
diminished or otherwise injured.
( 2) If any person-
( a ) injures any such grating ; or
(b) removes any such grating or part of any such grating,
except during any period of the year during which
under a byelaw gratings need not be maintained ; or
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c. 51
1553
( c ) opens any such grating improperly ; or
( d ) permits any such grating to be injured, or removed,
except as aforesaid, or improperly opened ;
he shall be guilty of an offence.
PART II
(3) A water authority, with the written consent of the Minister,
may adopt such means as the Minister may approve for pre-
venting the ingress of salmon or trout into waters in which
they or their spawning beds or ova are, from the nature of the
channel or other causes, liable to be destroyed.
( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall-
( a ) affect the liability under this Act of any person to place
and maintain a grating ; or
(b) authorise a grating to be so placed or maintained during
any period of the year during which under a byelaw
gratings need not be maintained ; or
( c ) authorise any grating to be placed or maintained so
as to obstruct any conduit or channel used for naviga-
tion or in any way interfere with the effective working
of any mill ;
and nothing in subsection (3) above shall authorise the water
authority prejudicially to interfere with water rights used or
enjoyed for the purposes of manufacturing or for milling
purposes or for drainage or navigation .
16.-( 1) Any person who uses a fishing weir or fishing mill Boxes and
dam for the taking of salmon or migratory trout by means of cribs in weirs
anddams.
boxes or cribs shall be guilty of an offence unless the boxes
or cribs satisfy the requirements specified in subsection (2)
below.
( 2) The requirements mentioned in subsection ( 1) above are-
( a) the upper surface of the sill of the box or crib must
be level with the bed of the river ;
( b) the bars or inscales of the heck or upstream side of
the box or crib-
( i ) must not be nearer to each other than 2
inches ;
(ii ) must be capable of being removed ; and
(iii) must be placed perpendicularly ;
(c ) there must not be attached to any such box or crib
any spur or tail wall, leader or outrigger of a greater
1554 c.51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART II
length than 20 feet from the upper or lower side of
the box or crib.
Restrictions
on taking
salmon or
trout above
or below an
obstruction or
in mill races.
17.-( 1 ) Any person who takes or kills, or attempts to take or
kill, except with rod and line, or scares or disturbs any salmon
or trout-
(a) at any place above or below any dam or any obstruc-
tion, whether artificial or natural, which hinders or
retards the passage of salmon or trout, being within
50 yards above or 100 yards below the dam or
obstruction, or within such other distance from the
dam or obstruction as may be prescribed by byelaw ;
or
( b) in any waters under or adjacent to any mill, or in the
head race or tail race of any mill, or in any waste race
or pool communicating with a mill ; or
( c) in any artificial channel connected with any such dam or
obstruction,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) Nothing in this section shall apply to any legal fishing
mill dam not having a crib, box or cruive, or to any fishing box,
coop, apparatus, net or mode of fishing in connection with and
forming part of such a dam or obstruction for purposes of
fishing.
(3) Where a fish pass approved by the Minister is for the time
being attached to a dam or obstruction, this section shall not be
enforced in respect of the dam or obstruction until compensation
has been made by the water authority to the persons entitled to
fish in the waters for that right of fishery.
Provisions 18.-( 1 ) If any person obstructs a person legally authorised
supplementary whilst he is doing any act authorised by section 9, 10 or 15
to Part II. above, he shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) The Minister shall not give a water authority his consent-
(a) to the construction, abolition or alteration of a fish pass
or the abolition or alteration of a free gap in pursuance
of section 10 above ; or
(b) to the doing of any work under section 15 above,
unless reasonable notice of the authority's application under
the relevant section has been served on the owner and occupier
of the dam, fish pass or free gap, watercourse, mill race, cut,
leat, conduit or other channel, with a plan and specification
of the proposed work ; and the Minister shall take into con-
sideration any objections by the owner or occupier, before
giving his consent.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c.51
1555
( 3) If any injury is caused-
( a ) to any dam by reason of the construction, abolition or
alteration of a fish pass or the abolition or alteration
of a free gap in pursuance of section 10 above ; or
(b) by anything done by the water authority under section
15 above,
any person sustaining any loss as a result may recover from
the water authority compensation for the injury sustained.
( 4 ) The amount of any compensation under section 10, 15
or 17 above shall be settled in case of dispute by a single
arbitrator appointed by the Minister .
( 5) In any case in which a water authority are liable to pay
compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of injury
or damage caused by the making or maintaining of any work,
compensation shall not be recoverable unless proceedings for
its recovery are instituted within two years from the completion
of the work.
PART II
PART III
TIMES OF FISHING AND SELLING AND EXPORTING FISH
19.- (1 ) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect in relation Close seasons
to the close seasons and close times for the descriptions of fish and close
there specified. times.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any person who fishes
for, takes, kills or attempts to take or kill salmon-
( a) except with a rod and line or putts and putchers, during
the annual close season or weekly close time ; or
(b) with a rod and line during the annual close season for
rod and line ; or
( c ) with putts and putchers, during the annual close season
for putts and putchers,
shall be guilty of an offence.
(3) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under sub-
section (2) above in respect of any act done for the purpose of
the artificial propagation of fish, or for some scientific purpose,
if he has obtained the previous permission in writing of the
water authority in whose area the act was done.
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) below, any person who fishes for,
takes, kills or attempts to take or kill trout other than rainbow
trout-
(a ) except with a rod and line, during the annual close
season or weekly close time for trout ; or
1556 Close seasons
and close
times -fixed
engines and
obstructions.
c .51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART III
( b) with a rod and line during the annual trout close
season for rod and line,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 5) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under sub-
section ( 4 ) above in respect of any act done for the purpose of
the artificial propagation of fish or the stocking or restocking
of waters, or for some scientific purpose, if he has obtained the
previous permission in writing of the water authority in whose
area the act was done.
(6 ) Subject to subsection (8) below, any person who, during
the annual close season for freshwater fish, fishes for, takes, kills,
or attempts to take or kill, any freshwater fish in any inland
water, or fishes for eels by means of a rod and line in any such
water, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 7) Subject to subsection (8) below, any person who, during
the annual close season for rainbow trout, fishes for, takes,
kills or attempts to take or kill, any rainbow trout in any inland
water, or fishes for eels by means of a rod and line in any such
water, shall be guilty of an offence.
(8) Subsections (6 ) and ( 7 ) above do not apply-
( a) to the removal by the owner or occupier, from any
several fishery where salmon or trout are specially
preserved, of any eels, freshwater fish or rainbow trout
not so preserved ;
(b ) to any person fishing with rod and line in any such
fishery with the previous permission in writing of its
owner or occupier ;
(c) to any person fishing with rod and line for eels in any
waters in which such fishing is authorised by a byelaw ;
(d ) to the taking of freshwater fish or rainbow trout for
scientific purposes ;
( e) to the taking of freshwater fish for bait-
(i) in a several fishery with the permission in
writing of its owner or occupier, or
(ii ) in any other fishery, unless the taking would
contravene a byelaw .
20.-( 1) Subject to subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5) below, immediately
after the commencement of the annual close season and the
weekly close time, the occupier of any fixed engine for taking
salmon or migratory trout shall cause it to be removed or
rendered incapable of taking them or obstructing their passage.
( 2) Subject to subsections (4 ) and ( 5) below, where in pursu-
ance of subsection ( 1) above a fixed engine has been rendered
incapable ( whether by removal or otherwise) of taking salmon
or migratory trout or obstructing their passage, its occupier
shall not replace it or otherwise render it capable of taking
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1557
them or obstructing their passage until the end of the close season or close time.
( 3) If any person-
( a) fails to comply with subsection ( 1) or (2) above ; or
( b) during the annual close season or weekly close time
places any obstruction, uses any contrivance or does
any act, for the purpose of deterring salmon or
migratory trout from passing up a river,
he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4) Subsections ( 1) to ( 3) above only apply to putts and
putchers in relation to the close season for putts and putchers.
( 5) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
under subsection (3)(b) above to show that he placed the obstruc-
tion, used the contrivance or did the acts in question in the
course of legally fishing for fish other than salmon or migratory
trout.
(6 ) In this section " migratory trout " does not include rainbow
trout.
PART III
21.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, any person who- Eel baskets etc.
( a ) before 25th June in any year, hangs, fixes or uses in
any waters frequented by salmon or migratory trout
any baskets, nets, traps or devices for catching eels, or
places in any inland water any device whatsoever to
catch or obstruct any fish descending the river ; or
(b) at any time places upon the apron of any weir any
basket, trap or device for taking fish, except wheels or
leaps for taking lamperns between 1st August and the
following 1st March,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above does not prohibit-
( a) the use of eel baskets not exceeding in any part 10
inches in diameter constructed so as to be fished with
bait, and not used at any dam or other obstruction or
in any conduit or artificial channel by which water
is deviated from a river ; or
( b) any device for taking eels in such places, during such
time and subject to such conditions as may be
authorised by the water authority for the area with the
consent of the Minister.
22.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and ( 3) below, any person Sale of salmon
who buys, sells, or exposes for sale or has in his possession for and trout.
sale-
( a ) any salmon between 31st August and the following 1st
February ; or
1558 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART III
Export of
salmon and
tront.
( b) any trout other than rainbow trout between 31st August
and the following 1st March,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to any person buying,
selling or exposing for sale, or having in his possession for sale-
( a) any salmon or trout which has been canned, frozen,
cured, salted, pickled, dried or otherwise preserved
outside the United Kingdom ; or
(b) any salmon which has been canned, frozen, cured,
salted, pickled, dried or otherwise preserved in the
United Kingdom between 1st February and 31st
August ; or
( c ) any trout which has been canned, frozen, cured, salted,
pickled, dried or otherwise preserved within the United
Kingdom between 1st March and 31st August ; or
(d) any salmon or trout (other than an unclean salmon or
trout ) caught outside the United Kingdom ; or
(e) any salmon or trout (other than an unclean or immature
salmon or trout) caught within the United Kingdom,
if its capture by any net, instrument or device was
lawful at the time and in the place where it was caught.
(3) A person shall not be guilty of an offence in respect of
trout under this section for any act done for the purpose of the
artificial propagation of fish, or the stocking or restocking of
waters, or for some scientific purpose.
(4) The burden of proving that any salmon or trout bought,
sold, exposed for sale or in the possession of any person for
sale between the dates mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of
subsection ( 1 ) above is not bought, sold, exposed for sale or
in the possession of that person for sale in contravention of this
section shall lie on the person buying, selling or exposing it for
sale, or having it in his possession for sale.
23.-(1 ) No person shall export or enter for export any
unclean salmon or trout or any salmon or trout caught during
the time at which the sale of salmon or trout is prohibited
where the salmon or trout was caught.
(2) All salmon or trout intended for export between 31st
August and the following 1st May shall before shipment be
entered for that purpose with the proper officer of Customs and
Excise, at the port or place of intended export.
(3) If any salmon or trout is entered for export, or exported
or brought to any wharf, quay or other place for export, contrary
to this section, or is not entered as required by this section, the
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1559
salmon or trout and any package containing it shall be deemed
to be goods liable to be forfeited under the enactments relating
to customs, and the person entering or exporting the salmon
or trout, or bringing it for export, or failing to enter the salmon
or trout as required by this section, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) Any officer of Customs and Excise may, between 31st
August and the following 1st May, open or cause to be opened
any parcel entered or intended for export, or brought to any
quay, wharf or other place for that purpose, and suspected
by him to contain salmon or trout, and may detain or cause to
be detained any salmon or trout found in the parcel until proof
is given of the salmon or trout being such as may be legally
exported ; and if the salmon or trout becomes unfit for human
food before such proof is given, the officer may destroy it or
cause it to be destroyed.
(5) The burden of proving that any salmon or trout entered
for export between 31st August and the following 1st May
is not so entered in contravention of this section shall lie on
the person entering it.
PART III
24.-(1) A person who consigns or sends a package con- Consignment
taining salmon or trout by any common or other carrier shall of salmon and
be guilty of an offence unless the outside of the package con-
trout.
66
taining it is conspicuously marked " salmon " or trout" , as
the case may be.
( 2) An authorised officer may open any package consigned
or sent by a carrier, or brought to any place to be so consigned
or sent, and suspected to contain salmon or trout.
( 3) If any such package is found to contain salmon or trout
and is not marked in accordance with this section, or if there
is reasonable cause to suspect that the salmon or trout con-
tained in any marked package is being dealt with contrary
to law, an authorised officer may detain the package and its
contents until proof is given that the salmon or trout is not
being so dealt with.
( 4) The power to detain salmon or trout conferred by sub-
section (3) above shall be exercisable also in relation to salmon
or trout not packed in a package.
(5) If any salmon or trout detained under this section becomes
unfit for human food before the proof required by subsection (3)
above is given, an authorised officer may destroy it or cause
it to be destroyed .
( 6) If any person refuses to allow an authorised officer to
exercise the powers conferred by this section, or obstructs such
an officer in their exercise, he shall be guilty of an offence.
1560 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
Licences to
fish.
1923 с. 16.
PART IV
FISHING LICENCES
25.-( 1 ) A water authority shall by means of a system of
licensing regulate fishing for salmon and trout in their area
and, except so far as excused by the Minister, shall by such
means regulate fishing for freshwater fish of any description or
eels in their area.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a licence
granted for the purposes of this section ( hereafter in this Act
referred to as a 66
fishing licence ") shall entitle the person to
whom it was granted and no others to use an instrument
specified in the licence to fish for any fish of a description, in
an area and for a period so specified .
(3) A fishing licence for the use of an instrument other than
a rod and line to fish for salmon or trout shall also authorise
the use of the instrument for that purpose by the duly authorised
servants or agents of the person to whom it was granted, but
not exceeding the number permitted by paragraph 13 of
Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 4 ) A fishing licence for the use of a rod and line shall
entitle the licensee to use as ancillary to that use a gaff, con-
sisting of a plain metal hook without a barb, or a tailer or land-
ing net.
( 5 ) Afishing licence for the use of any instrument for fishing
for salmon shall authorise the use of that instrument for fishing
for trout.
(6) A fishing licence in respect of any instrument for fishing
for salmon or trout shall authorise the use of that instrument
for fishing for freshwater fish and eels .
( 7) Any person or association entitled to an exclusive right
of fishing in any inland waters may be granted a general licence
to fish in those waters subject to any conditions agreed between
the water authority and the licensee, and the licence shall entitle
the licensee and, subject to paragraph 9 of Schedule 4 below,
any person authorised by him in writing, or in the case of an
association, by its secretary so to fish .
(8) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
fishing licences .
( 9) Any licence in force under any provision of section 61
of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 immediately
before 29th June 1972 shall be treated as having been granted
under the corresponding provision of this section.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1561
26.-( 1 ) A water authority may by order confirmed by the
PART IV
Minister-
Limitation
of fishing
( a) limit for a period not exceeding ten years from the com- licences.
ing into operation of the order the number of fishing
licences to be issued in any year for fishing in any
part of their area for salmon or trout other than rain-
bow trout with any instrument so specified other than
rod and line ; and
(b) provide for the selection of the applicants to whom
such licences are to be issued where the number of
applications exceeds the number of licences which
may be granted.
( 2) Where the Minister proposes to confirm an order under
this section, he shall require the water authority to publish
the order and notice of his intention to confirm it in such
manner as he may require, together with a notification that
within a period specified in the requirement written objections
to the order may be made to him.
(3) The Minister shall consider any such objections received
by him within the said period, and-
(a ) if the number of licences as proposed to be limited by
the order is less than the number of licences issued
in any of the three years preceding the year in which the
order is to come into operation ; and
( b) any such objection is made by any person who has
during each of the two years preceding that year held
a licence of the same description as the licences which
it is proposed so to limit in number ;
he shall cause a local inquiry to be held before confirming the
order.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5) below, the Minister shall not
confirm an order under this section unless he is satisfied that the
terms of the order relating to the selection of applicants for
licences are such as to secure that any person who during the
year preceding that year held a fishing licence to use an instru-
ment of any description and who is dependent on fishing for his
livelihood will be able to obtain a fishing licence to use an
instrument of that description .
( 5 ) If it appears to the Minister that the operation of sub-
section (4) above would be detrimental to the conservation of
any fishery, he may direct that the subsection shall in its
application to that fishery have effect with the substitution for
ود
the words " the year " of the words " the two years or, if in
his opinion special circumstances justify it, " the three years " .
Part II T
1562 c . 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART IV
1923 с. 16.
Unlicensed
fishing.
(6) The Minister may with the consent of the water authority
vary an order submitted to him under this section before con-
firming it and may require the water authority to publish the
terms of the proposed variation in such manner, if any, as he
may specify in the requirement.
( 7) An order under this section may be revoked by the
Minister, or by an order made by the water authority and
confirmed by the Minister.
( 8) Any order limiting the number of licences in force in a
water authority area under section 62 of the Salmon and Fresh-
water Fisheries Act 1923 immediately before 29th June 1972
shall be treated as having limited the number of licences in that
area for a period of ten years from that date.
27. A person is guilty of an offence if, in any place in which
fishing for fish of any description is regulated by a system of
licensing, he—
(a) fishes for or takes fish of that description otherwise
than by means of an instrument which he is entitled
to use for that purpose by virtue of a fishing licence or
otherwise than in accordance with the conditions of
the licence ; or
(b) has in his possession with intent to use it for that
purpose an instrument other than one which he is
authorised to use for that purpose by virtue of such
a licence.
General
powers and
duties ofwater
authorities
and Minister.
PART V
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT
Regulation of fisheries etc.
28.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of every water authority-
(a) to maintain, improve and develop the salmon fisheries,
trout fisheries, freshwater fisheries and eel fisheries in
the area for which they exercise functions under this
Act ;
(b) to establish advisory committees of persons who appear
to them to be interested in any such fisheries in that
area and consult them as to the manner in which
the authority are to discharge their duty under para-
graph (a) above.
(2 ) The duty to establish advisory committees imposed by
paragraph (b) of section ( 1 ) above is a duty to establish a
regional advisory committee for the whole of the area men-
tioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection and such local advisory
committees as the water authority consider necessary to represent
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1563
the interests referred to in paragraph ( b) of that subsection in PARTV
different parts of that area .
( 3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, the Minister may by
statutory instrument make an order for the general regulation
of the salmon, trout, freshwater and eel fisheries within an area
defined by the order.
( 4) An order under subsection (3) above shall not apply to any
waters in respect of which the Minister has granted a licence
under section 29 below.
(5) An order under subsection (3) above may amend or revoke
any previous order made under that subsection or under section
38 of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 or any Act 1923 с. 16.
repealed by that Act.
(6 ) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the
Minister's power to make orders under subsection (3) above,
to the powers of water authorities under this Act and to byelaws .
(7) Any person who contravenes or fails to comply with a
byelaw shall be guilty of an offence.
(8) Section 36( 3) of the Water Act 1973 and Schedule 7 to 1973 c. 37 .
that Act (byelaw procedure) shall have effect in relation to
byelaws under this Act.
29.-( 1 ) The Minister may grant a licence to carry on the Fish rearing
business of artificially propagating or rearing salmon or trout licences .
in any waters.
( 2) Any such licence may be granted subject to such con-
ditions (if any) as the Minister thinks fit, and may be revoked
if he is of opinion that any condition has not been observed .
30. A person shall be guilty of an offence if he introduces Introduction
any fish or spawn of fish into an inland water, or has in his of fish into
possession any fish or spawn of fish intending to introduce it inland waters.
into an inland water, unless he first obtains the written consent
of the water authority within whose area any part of that
water is situated.
Powers of water bailiffs etc.
31.-( 1 ) Any water bailiff appointed by a water authority Powers of
and any person appointed by the Minister-
search etc.
( a) may examine any dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam,
fixed engine or obstruction, or any artificial water-
course, and for that purpose enter on any land ;
( b) may examine any instrument or bait which he has
reasonable cause to suspect of having been or being
T2
1564 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PARTV
Power to
enter lands.
Orders and
warrants to
enter suspected
premises.
used or likely to be used in taking fish in contra-
vention of this Act or any container which he has
reasonable cause to suspect of having been or being
used or likely to be used for holding any such instru-
ment, bait or fish ;
( c) may stop and search any boat or other vessel used in
fishing in a water authority area or any vessel or
vehicle which he has reasonable cause to suspect of
containing-
(i ) fish which had been caught in contravention
of this Act;
( ii) any such instrument, bait or container as
aforesaid ;
(d ) may seize any fish and any instrument, vessel, vehicle
or other thing liable to be forfeited in pursuance of
this Act.
( 2 ) If any person refuses to allow a water bailiff or a person
appointed by the Minister to make any entry, search or
examination which he is by this section authorised to make,
or to seize anything which he is so authorised to seize, or resists
or obstructs a water bailiff or person so appointed in any such
entry, search, examination or seizure, he shall be guilty of an
offence.
32.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, -
(a) any water bailiff or other officer of a water authority,
under a special order in writing from the authority,
and
( b) any person appointed by the Minister, under an order
in writing from him,
may at all reasonable times, for the purpose of preventing any
offence against this Act, enter, remain upon and traverse any
lands adjoining or near to waters within a water authority area
other than—
(i) a dwelling-house or the curtilage of a dwelling- house,
or
(ii) decoys or lands used exclusively for the preservation of
wild fowl.
( 2) An order under subsection ( 1) above shall not remain in
force for more than 12 months.
33.-( 1 ) Where from a statement on oath of a water bailiff
or any other officer of a water authority, or any person appointed
by the Minister, it appears to any justice of the peace that the
person making the statement has good reason to suspect that any
offence against this Act is being or is likely to be committed
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1565
on any land situate on or near to any waters, the justice may by
PARTV
order under his hand authorise him, during a period not exceed-
ing 24 hours to be specified in the order, to enter upon and
remain on the land during any hours of the day or night for
the purpose of detecting the persons committing the offence.
(2 ) Any justice of the peace upon an information on oath
that there is probable cause to suspect any offence against this
Act to have been committed on any premises, or any salmon,
trout, freshwater fish or eels to have been illegally taken, or
any illegal nets or other instruments to be on any premises, by
warrant under his hand and seal may authorise any water
bailiff or other officer of a water authority, or any person
appointed by the Minister, or any constable, to enter the premises
for the purposes of detecting the offence or the fish, nets or other
instruments , at such times of the day or night as are mentioned
in the warrant, and to seize all illegal nets and other instruments
and all salmon, trout, freshwater fish or eels suspected to have
been illegally taken that may be found on the premises .
( 3) A warrant under subsection (2) above shall not continue
in force for more than one week.
34. If any person, between the end of the first hour after Power to
sunset on any day and the beginning of the last hour before apprehend
sunrise on the following morning, illegally takes or kills salmon, persons
fishing
trout, freshwater fish or eels, or is found on or near any waters illegally at
with intent illegally to take or kill salmon, trout, freshwater night.
fish or eels, or having in his possession for the capture of
salmon, trout, freshwater fish or eels any instrument prohibited
by this Act, a water bailiff or a person appointed by the Minister,
with any assistants, may seize him without warrant and put him
as soon as may be into the custody of a police officer.
35.-( 1 ) A water bailiff appointed by the water authority for Power to
the area, or any constable, may require any person who is fish- require
ing, or whom he reasonably suspects of being about to fish or production
offishing
to have within the preceding half hour fished in a water authority licences.
area, to produce his licence or other authority to fish and to state
his name and address .
( 2) A person holding a fishing licence for any water authority
area may, on production of his licence, require any person who
is fishing in that area to produce his licence or other authority
to fish and to state his name and address.
( 3) If any person required to produce his fishing licence or
other authority or to state his name and address fails to do so,
he shall be guilty of an offence ; but if within seven days after
the production of his licence was so required he produces the
T3
1566 с.51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART V
licence or other authority at the office of the water authority
he shall not be convicted of an offence under this section for
failing to produce it.
Provisions
36.-( 1 ) A water bailiff and a person appointed by the Minister
supplementary shall be deemed to be a constable for the purpose of the enforce-
to sections
31 to 35.
ment of this Act, or any order or byelaw under it, and to have all
the same powers and privileges, and be subject to the same
liabilities as a constable duly appointed has or is subject to by
virtue of the common law or of any statute.
( 2) The production by a water bailiff or a person appointed by
the Minister of evidence of his appointment shall be a sufficient
warrant for him exercising the powers conferred on him by this
Act.
( 3) A police constable whose services are provided under
paragraph 39 ( 1 ) ( c) of Schedule 3 below shall have all the powers
and privileges of a water bailiff.
Prosecution
etc. of
offences.
Offences
37. Parts I and II of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect
with regard to the prosecution and punishment of offences
against this Act and the procedure on such prosecutions.
Works below
high water
mark.
PART VI
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
38.-( 1 ) Any works proposed to be constructed under this Act
on, over or under tidal lands below high-water mark of ordinary
spring tides shall be constructed only in accordance with such
plans and sections and subject to such restrictions and regulations
as the Secretary of State approves in writing before they are
commenced .
( 2) Any alteration or extension of any such works shall be
subject to the like approval.
( 3) If any such work is commenced or completed contrary to
this section, the Secretary of State may abate and remove it and
restore its site to its former condition at the cost of the person
who commenced or executed it, or (if he is not the owner of the
work) of the owner, and the cost shall be summarily recover-
able by the Secretary of State.
(4) This section is in addition to and not in derogation of any
local Act.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c. 51
1567
39.-( 1 ) This Act-
PART VI
( a ) does not apply to the River Tweed, but
Border rivers
( b) applies to so much of the River Esk, with its banks Firth .
and Solway
and tributary streams up to their source, as is situated
in Scotland,
and in this subsection " the River Tweed " means " the river "
as defined by the Tweed Fisheries (Amendment) Act 1859 1859 c. lxx.
and any byelaw amending that definition .
(2) Where the minimum size of mesh of nets used for taking
salmon prescribed by any provision of this Act or by any
byelaw in force in any part of the Solway Firth within England
is greater than that which may be lawfully used in the part
of the Solway Firth within Scotland, the provision or byelaw
shall have effect as if the minimum size of mesh so prescribed
in relation to the part of the Solway Firth within England were
such as may be so lawfully used as aforesaid in the part of
the Solway Firth within Scotland.
( 3) The limits of the Solway Firth for the purposes of this
section shall be determined by the Minister.
( 4 ) Nothing in this Act shall authorise a water authority to
acquire compulsorily under this Act any land in Scotland.
40. This Act applies to the dams constructed by the Severn River Severn.
Commissioners under the Severn Navigation Act 1842 and the 1842 c. xxiv
Severn Navigation Act 1853 and now vested in the British (Sess . 2).
Waterways Board, and to all fish passes in those dams ; and 1853 c. xlvii .
it shall accordingly be the Board's duty, subject to the provisions
of this Act and to section 23 of the Severn Navigation Act 1881 c. ccv.
1881 (by virtue of which they have power to stop up the passes
with the agreement of the water authority for the area) to
maintain those passes in an efficient state.
41.-(1 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires " authorised officer " means-
(a) any officer of a water authority acting within the
water authority area ;
(b) any officer of a market authority acting within the
area of the jurisdiction of that authority ;
( c ) any officer appointed by the Minister ;
(d ) any officer appointed in writing by the Fishmongers
Company, or
( e) any police officer ;
" byelaw " means a byelaw under this Act ;
" dam " includes any weir or other fixed obstruction used
for the purpose of damming up water ;
Interpretation.
T4
1568 с. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PARTVI " eels " includes elvers and the fry of eels ;
66 fishing licence " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 25 ( 2) above ;
66 fishing mill dam " means a dam used or intended to be
used partly for the purpose of taking or facilitating the
taking of fish, and partly for the purpose of supplying water
for milling or other purposes ;
66 fishing weir ” means any erection, structure or obstruc-
tion fixed to the soil either temporarily or permanently,
across or partly across a river or branch of a river, and
used for the exclusive purpose of taking or facilitating
the taking of fish ;
" Fishmongers Company " means the wardens and com-
monalty of the Mystery of Fishmongers in the City of
London ;
" fixed engine " includes-
(a) a stake net, bag net, putt or putcher ;
( b) any fixed implement or engine for taking or
facilitating the taking of fish ;
( c) any net secured by anchors and any net or other
implement for taking fish fixed to the soil, or made
stationary in any other way ; and
( d ) any net placed or suspended in any inland or tidal
waters unattended by the owner or a person duly
authorised by the owner to use it for taking
salmon or trout, and any engine, device, machine
or contrivance, whether floating or otherwise, for
placing or suspending such a net or maintaining
it in working order or making it stationary ;
" foreshore " includes the shore and bed of the sea and
of every channel, creek, bay, estuary and navigable river
as far up it as the tide flows ;
" freshwater fish " means any fish living in fresh water
exclusive of salmon and trout and of any kinds of fish
which migrate to and from tidal waters and of eels ;
66 general licence " means a licence granted under section
25(7) above ;
" grating " means a device approved by the Minister for
preventing the passage of salmon or trout through a conduit
or channel in which it is placed ;
" immature " in relation to salmon means that the
salmon is of a length of less than 12 inches, measured from
the tip of the snout to the fork or cleft of the tail, and in
relation to any other fish means that the fish is of a length
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c.51
less than such length (if any) as may be prescribed by the PARTVI
byelaws applicable to the water in which the fish is taken ;
" inland water " has the same meaning as in the Water 1963 с. 38.
Resources Act 1963 ;
" market authority " includes any corporation, local
authority, body of trustees or other persons having power to
maintain or regulate any market ;
66 migratory trout " means trout which migrate to and
from the sea ;
" mill includes any erection for the purpose of
ود
developing water power, and " milling " has a corresponding
meaning ;
" the Minister means, subject to subsection (2) below,
the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food ;
66 occupier " in relation to a fishery or premises includes
any person for the time being in actual possession of the
fishery or premises ;
66
owner ود
includes any person who is entitled to receive
rents from a fishery or premises ;
" river " includes a stream ;
" rod and line " means single rod and line ;
66 salmon " means all fish of the salmon species and
includes part of a salmon ;
66trout " means any fish of the salmon family commonly
known as trout, including migratory trout and char, and
also includes part of a trout ;
" unclean " in relation to any fish means that the fish
is about to spawn, or has recently spawned and has not
recovered from spawning.
( 2) In the following provisions of this Act, namely-
Part IV ;
section 28 (3) ;
paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 ;
paragraphs 5 to 11 and Part II of Schedule 3 ; and
Schedule 2,
any reference to the Minister shall be construed, in relation
to water authority areas wholly or partly in Wales, as a reference
to the Minister and the Secretary of State jointly.
(3) Except so far as provision is made by paragraph 13 of
Schedule 3 below, nothing in this Act shall be construed as
authorising a water authority or any other person to take or use
land or other property belonging to the Crown.
1569
1570 1865 с. 121 .
1972 с. 70.
1973 с. 37.
с. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
PART VI
1923 с. 16.
Repeals etc.
1967 с. 84.
( 4 ) In any byelaw made under an enactment repealed by the
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 " salmon " and
66
trout " have the meanings assigned to them by subsection ( 1 )
above.
42.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act
are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column
of that Schedule .
( 2) In section 18( 1) of the Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967
( enforcement of orders in relation to salmon and migratory
trout) for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph : -
66 ( a) section 31( 1 ) ( d ) of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries
Act 1975 (which confers power of seizure) shall apply
as if the reference in it to that Act included a reference
to this Act, and sections 36( 1) and (2) of that Act, and
paragraph 8 of Schedule 4 (all of which contain ancil-
liary provisions), shall be construed accordingly as
including references to that Act as applied by this
subsection ; ".
(3) In so far as any instrument made or other thing whatso-
ever done under any enactment repealed by this Act could
have been made or done under a corresponding enactment in
this Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal of that
enactment but shall have effect as if made or done under that
corresponding enactment ; and for the purposes of this pro-
vision anything which under section 93 ( 2) of the Salmon and
Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 had effect as if done under any
enactment in that Act shall, so far as may be necessary for
the continuity of the law, be treated as done under the
corresponding enactment in this Act.
( 4) Any enactment or other document referring to an enact-
ment repealed by this Act or by the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1923 shall, so far as may be necessary for pre-
serving its effect, be construed as referring, or as including a
reference, to the corresponding enactment in this Act.
(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect the admissibility in evidence
of any instrument made under the Salmon Fishery Act 1865.
( 6) Section 254(2) (c) of the Local Government Act 1972 (power
of Secretary of State to amend, etc. , enactments by order) shall
apply to this Act as if it had been passed before 1st April 1974.
(7) The Water Act 1973 shall have effect as if the functions
conferred on water authorities by section 28(1 ) and (2) above
were conferred by it.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с.51
1571
(8) Nothing in this Act shall affect the legal right of any con-
PART VI
servators , directors , commissioners, undertakers or other persons
to dredge, scour, cleanse or improve any navigable river, canal or
other inland navigation.
( 9) Nothing in this Act shall be taken as prejudicing the
operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which 1889 c. 63.
relates to the effect of repeals) .
43.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Salmon and Freshwater Citation etc.
Fisheries Act 1975 .
(2) Subject to section 39 above and subsection (3) below, this
Act extends only to England and Wales.
(3) The following provisions of this Act, namely-
section 28 ( 1) and (2) above,
section 39( 1 ) and ( 4 ) above,
section 42( 1) above, so far as it relates to the repeal of
section 15 of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries 1972 с. 37.
Act 1972 and section 18 of the Water Act 1973,
1973 с. 37.paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 below,
extend to Scotland.
( 4) This Act shall come into force on 1st August 1975.
1572 Section 19 .
1923 с. 16.
c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
CLOSE SEASONS AND CLOSE TIMES
1. It shall be the duty of every water authority to make byelaws
fixing for their area or the respective parts of it , subject to para-
graph 3 below, the annual close season and weekly close time for
fishing by any method for salmon and trout other than rainbow trout.
2. If a water authority have not before the commencement of
this Act made any such byelaws for a part of their area, the
Minister may make such byelaws for that part of that area with
or without a local inquiry.
3. The minimum close seasons and close times are specified in
the following Table ( subject to the power to dispense altogether
with a close season for freshwater fish or rainbow trout conferred
by paragraph 20 of Schedule 3 below) .
TABLE
Minimum duration
1. Salmon close season...
... ...
153 days
2. Close season for fishing for salmon with rod
and line... ... ... ... ...
92days
3. Close season for fishing for salmon or trout
with putts and putchers... ... ...
242 days
4. Weekly close time for salmon
... ... ...
42 hours
5. Trout close season
... ... ... ...
181 days
6. Close season for fishing for trout with rod and
line ... ... ... ... ... ...
153 days
7. Weekly close time for trout...
...
42hours
..
8. Close season for freshwater fish or rainbow
trout ... ... ... ... ... ...
93 days
4. If byelaws neither specify nor dispense with an annual close
season for freshwater fish , the annual close season for such fish
shall be the period between 14th March and 16th June.
5. The annual close season for rainbow trout for any waters is
that fixed for those waters by byelaws .
6. Subject to any byelaws under this Act or the Salmon and
Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923-
( a ) for salmon-
( i ) the annual close season shall be the period between
31st August and the following 1st February ;
(ii) the close season for rods shall be the period
between 31st October and the following 1st February ;
(iii ) the close season for putts and putchers shall be
the period between 31st August and the following 1st
May ; and
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c.51
1573
(iv ) the weekly close time shall be the period between 6 a.m. on Saturday and 6 a.m. on the following Monday ;
and
(b ) for trout-
(i) the annual close season shall be the period between
31st August and the following 1st March ;
(ii) the annual close season for rod and line shall be
the period between 30th September and the following 1st
March ; and
(iii) the weekly close time shall be the period between
6 a.m. on Saturday and 6 a.m. on the following Monday
SCHEDULE 2
LICENCES
Duty on licences
1.- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, there shall be payable
in respect of a fishing licence a duty fixed in accordance with this
Schedule by the water authority.
( 2) The water authority may in special cases grant an exemption
from the duty.
2. Different duties may be fixed under paragraph 1 above for
different instruments, different periods, different parts of the water
authority area, different descriptions of fish and different classes of
licence holder.
3. A water authority shall at least one month before fixing or
altering a duty for the use of any instrument in any part of their
area, except a duty payable in respect of a temporary licence, publish
in one or more newspapers circulating in that part of their area
notice of their intention to do so.
4. If during the month immediately following the publication of
a notice under paragraph 3 above a written objection to the proposed
duty is made to the Minister by any interested person, the water
authority shall not fix or alter the duty without the approval of the
Minister.
5. The Minister, with or without a local inquiry, may refuse to
approve any duty submitted by a water authority for his approval
under paragraph 4 above or may approve the duty with or without
modifications ; and the authority, if so directed by the Minister,
shall cause notice of any proposed modification to be given in
accordance with the direction.
6. No duty fixed under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule
shall take effect until the beginning of the year following that in
which it is fixed or, in the case of a duty required to be approved
by the Minister, in which it is approved by him.
7. A water authority may grant a temporary licence, that is to say,
a licence authorising the use of an instrument for fishing in circum-
stances specified in the licence during a period not exceeding 14 days ,
SCH. 1
Section 25.
1574 c.51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
SCH. 2 and may charge in respect of that licence a duty less than the duty
fixed for the use of that instrument under the foregoing provisions
of this Schedule.
8. There shall be payable in respect of a general licence such sum
as may be agreed by the water authority and the licensee .
Net etc. licences for salmon and trout fishing
9. Aperson shall be treated for the purposes of section 25(3) above
as the duly authorised servant or agent of the holder of a licence to
use an instrument of any description only in the following cases-
(a ) in an area in which there is in force an order under section 26
above limiting the number of licences for fishing with
instruments of that description, if his name and address are
entered on the licence in accordance with the following
provisions of this Schedule and he is not the holder of
another licence to use an instrument of that description in
that area ;
( b) in any other area, if his name and address are so entered
or when using the instrument to which the licence relates
he is accompanied by the licensee ; or
(c) in the case of any area, if the water authority direct that
owing to special circumstances he is to be so treated.
10. The name and address of a servant or agent may be entered
on a licence by an employee of a water authority authorised to do
so or by the licensee or an agent who has been appointed by the
licensee to act for the purposes of this paragraph and whose appoint-
ment, together with his name and address, has been notified to the
water authority.
11. The date of entry in the licence shall be stated in the licence
at the time of the making of the entry, and within twenty-four hours
of the making of an entry by a licensee or his agent a copy shall
be sent to the water authority, together with a fee of 20p for every
name and address entered.
12. The name and address of a servant or agent may be removed
from, or inserted in , a licence on payment of a fee of 20p for each
removal or insertion or, where a name and address are inserted in
substitution for a name and address removed, for each substitution.
13. The number of servants or agents whose names may at any
time be entered on a licence shall not exceed twice the number of
persons who in the opinion of the water authority are required to
work at one time the instrument to which the licence relates oг,
where the applicant for the licence notifies the authority at the time
of the application that he proposes to take part in working the
instrument, one less than twice that number.
14. Any person who, with intent to deceive, enters on a licence
more names than are permitted by paragraph 13 above or states
falsely the date of entry in a licence is guilty of an offence.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c. 51
1575
Miscellaneous
15. Subject to section 26 above, a fishing licence shall be granted
by the water authority to every applicant who is at the time of the
application not disqualified from holding a fishing licence, on pay-
ment of the duty in respect of the instrument to which the licence
relates.
16. A fishing licence shall not confer any right to fish at a place
or a time at which the licensee is not otherwise entitled to fish .
17. A fishing licence shall not authorise the erection of any
structure or the use of any installation or instrument for or in
connection with fishing the erection or use of which would otherwise
be illegal.
18. The production of a printed copy of a statement purporting
to be issued by a water authority as to a licence duty fixed and, if it
be the case, approved by the Minister under this Schedule shall be
prima facie evidence that the licence duty was fixed or approved as
there mentioned and of the amount of the duty, and without proof
of the handwriting or official position of any person purporting to
sign the statement.
SCH.
SCHEDULE 3
ADMINISTRATION
PART I
ORDERS
Scope
1. An order may provide-
( a ) for the imposition, collection and recovery by a water
authority of contributions assessed on several fisheries
regulated by the order or on the owners and occupiers of
such fisheries ;
( b ) for enabling the water authority with the approval of the
Minister, but subject to paragraphs 2 and 3 below, to erect
and work by themselves or their lessees any fixed engine
for catching salmon or migratory trout within the area
within which the order is to apply ;
(c ) for modifying in relation to the fisheries within the area
any of the provisions of this Act which relate to the
regulation of fisheries, or of any local Act relating to any
fishery within the area.
2. An order shall not authorise a fixed engine to be worked for
a period exceeding five years unless authorisation is from time to
time extended by licence of the Minister for such term as may be
specified in the licence and not exceeding at any one time five years .
3. The Minister shall not grant a licence until he has inquired
into the effect of the working of the engine on the salmon or trout
fisheries within the area.
Section 28
1576 с.51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
SCH. 3 4. An order may contain any incidental, consequential or supple-
mental provisions, including provisions for payment of compensa-
tion to persons injuriously affected by the order, which may appear
to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the order.
Procedure
5. An application for an order may be made by any of the
following, namely-
(a ) awater authority ;
( b ) a county council ;
( c ) persons who in the opinion of the Minister are the owners
of one-fourth at least in value of the several fisheries
proposed to be regulated or constitute a majority of the
persons holding licences to fish in public waters within
the area of the proposed order ;
(d ) any association of persons which in the opinion of the
Minister is sufficiently representative of fishing interests
within that area.
6. The applicant for an order shall give such security for the
Minister's expenses as the Minister may require.
7. Before making an order the Minister shall cause notice of the
intention to make the order and of the place where copies of the
draft order may be inspected and obtained, and of the time within
and manner in which objections to the draft order may be made,
to be published in the London Gazette and in such other manner
as he thinks best adapted for informing persons affected.
8. Before making an order the Minister shall consider any objec-
tions which may be duly made to the draft order, and may cause a
public local inquiry to be held with respect to any such objections.
9. After an order has been settled and made by the Minister it
shall be published in such manner as he thinks best adapted for
informing persons affected with notice that the Minister has settled
the order, and that the order will become final unless within such
period, not being less than 30 days, as may be stated in the notice,
a memorial is presented to the Minister by a water authority, local
authority or other person or association affected by it, praying that
it shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.
10. If within such period, not being less than 30 days, as may be
stated in the notice so published, no memorial against the order is
presented to the Minister by any water authority, local authority or
other person or association affected by the order, or if any such
memorial so presented is withdrawn, the Minister may confirm the
order, but if any such memorial is presented and is not withdrawn,
the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.
11. The making and confirmation of an order shall be prima facie
evidence that all the requirements of this Act in respect of proceed-
ings required to be taken previously to the making and confirmation
of such an order have been complied with .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c .51
1577
12. The Minister may by statutory instrument make regulations in relation to the publication of notices and advertisements and the
holding of and procedure at public local inquiries under this Part of
this Schedule, and the payment of expenses of and incidental to
such inquiries and to any other matters of procedure respecting the
making of orders.
13. Where-
( a ) any fishery, land or foreshore proposed to be comprised in
an order ; or
( b) any fishery proposed to be affected by any order ; or
( c ) any land over which it is proposed to acquire an easement
under an order,
belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or forms part of the
possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or the Duchy of Cornwall,
or belongs to or is under the management of any government depart-
ment, the Minister may make the order if he has previously obtained-
(i ) in the case of any foreshore under the management of the
Crown Estate Commissioners, or of any fishery or land
belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, the consent
of those Commissioners ;
(ii ) in the case of any foreshore or fishery or land forming part
of the possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, the consent of
the Chancellor of the Duchy ;
(iii) in the case of any foreshore, fishery or land forming part of
the possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, the consent of
the Duke of Cornwall, or the persons for the time being em-
powered to dispose for any purpose of the land of the
Duchy ;
( iv ) in the case of any foreshore or fishery or land which belongs
to or is under the management of a government department,
the consent of that government department.
SCH. 3
PART II
BYELAWS
General
14. Subject to Schedule 1 above, the power to make byelaws shall
be exercisable by water authorities.
15. Byelaws may be made for any of the purposes mentioned in
paragraphs 19 to 36 below.
16. A byelaw may be made to apply to the whole or any part or
parts of a water authority area or to the whole or any part or parts
of the year.
17. If at any time before the end of 12 months after the confirma-
tion of a byelaw made for the purpose specified in paragraph 21 or
25 below the owner or occupier of any fishery within the water
authority area, by notice in writing to the water authority, claims that
1578 c. 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
SCH. 3 the fishery is injuriously affected by the byelaw, the claim and the
amount of compensation to be paid, by way of annual payment or
otherwise, for the damage (if any ) to the fishery shall be determined,
in default of agreement, by a single arbitrator appointed by the
Minister.
18. When the compensation is payable under any award by way
of an annual payment, the water authority or the person entitled to
the annual payment may at any time after the end of 5 years from
the date of the award require it to be reviewed by a single
arbitrator appointed by the Minister, and the compensation to be
thenceforth paid shall be such, if any, as may be determined by
that arbitrator.
Purposes for which Byelaws may be made
19. Fixing or altering, subject to paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 above,
any such close season or close time as is mentioned in that paragraph.
20. Dispensing with a close season for freshwater fish or rainbow
trout.
21. Specifying the nets and other instruments ( not being fixed
engines) which may be used for taking salmon, trout, freshwater
fish and eels and imposing requirements as to their construction,
use, design, material and dimensions, including in the case of nets
the size of mesh .
22. Requiring and regulating the attachment to licensed nets and
instruments of marks, labels or numbers, or the painting of marks
or numbers or the affixing of labels or numbers to boats, coracles
or other vessels used in fishing.
23. Prohibiting the carrying in any boat or vessel whilst being
used in fishing for salmon or trout of any net which is not licensed,
or which is without the mark, label or number prescribed by the
byelaws.
24. Prohibiting or regulating the carrying in a boat or vessel
during the annual close season for salmon of a net capable of taking
salmon other than a net commonly used in the area to which the
byelaw applies for sea fishing if carried in a boat or vessel commonly
used for that purpose .
25. Prohibiting the use for taking salmon, trout, or freshwater fish
of any instrument ( not being a fixed engine ) in such waters within
the water authority area and at such times as may be prescribed by
the byelaws .
26. Prohibiting the taking or removal from any water without
lawful authority of any fish, whether alive or dead.
27. Determining for the purposes of this Act the period of the
year during which gratings need not be maintained .
28. Prohibiting or regulating the taking of trout or any freshwater
fish of a size less than such as may be prescribed by the byelaw.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1579
29. Prohibiting or regulating the taking of fish by any means
within such distance as is specified in the byelaw above or below
any dam or any other obstruction, whether artificial or natural.
30. Prohibiting or regulating fishing with rod and line between
the end of the first hour after sunset on any day and the beginning
of the last hour before sunrise on the following morning.
31. Regulating the deposit or discharge in any waters containing
fish of any liquid or solid matter specified in the byelaw which is
detrimental to salmon, trout or freshwater fish, or the spawn or
food of fish , but not so as to prejudice any powers of a local authority
to discharge sewage in pursuance of any power given by a public
general Act, a local Act or a provisional order confirmed by
Parliament.
32. Requiring persons fishing for salmon, trout or freshwater fish
to send to the water authority returns, in such form, giving such
particulars and at such times as may be specified in the byelaws ,
of any such fish which they have taken, or a statement that they
have taken no such fish .
33. Regulating the use in connection with fishing with rod and
line of any lure or bait specified in the byelaw.
34. Determining the time during which it shall be lawful to use
a gaff in connection with fishing with rod and line for salmon or
migratory trout.
35. Authorising fishing with rod and line for eels during the annual
close season for freshwater fish .
36. The better execution of this Act and the better protection,
preservation and improvement of any salmon fisheries, trout fisheries,
freshwater fisheries and eel fisheries in a water authority area.
SCH. 3
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS
37. Without prejudice to paragraph 2 of Schedule 3 to the Water 1973 с. 37.
Act 1973 (general power of water authorities to do anything which in
their opinion is calculated to facilitate or is conducive or incidental
to the discharge of any of their functions), it is hereby declared that
the powers conferred by Part VI of the Water Resources Act 1963 1963 с. 38.
( which relates to land and works) include power for a water authority
to purchase or take on lease ( either by agreement or if so authorised
compulsorily ) -
( a ) any dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine or other
artificial obstruction and any fishery attached to or worked
in connection with any such obstruction ;
(b) so much of the bank adjoining a dam as may be necessary
for making or maintaining a fish pass for the purposes of
section 10 above ; and
( c ) for the purpose of erecting and working a fixed engine under
paragraph 1(b) above, any fishery land or foreshore speci-
fied in the relevant order under that paragraph together with
1580 SCH. 3
1964с. 48.
Section 37.
c . 51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
any easement over any adjoining land necessary for securing
access to the fishery land or foreshore so acquired .
38. Without prejudice to the said paragraph 2, a water authority
may either alter or remove an obstruction acquired in the exercise
of the powers mentioned in paragraph 37 above, or may by
themselves or their lessees use or work in any lawful
manner the obstruction for fishing purposes and exercise the
right conferred by any fishery so acquired, subject in the case of an
obstruction or fishery acquired by way of lease to the terms of
the lease.
39.- ( 1) Without prejudice to the said paragraph 2, a water
authority-
( a ) may take legal proceedings in respect of any offence against
this Act, or for the enforcement of any provision of this Act
or for the protection of the fisheries in their area from injury
by pollution or otherwise ;
( b) may purchase or lease by agreement any fishery, fishing
rights, or any establishment for the artificial propagation or
rearing of salmon, trout or freshwater fish, and may use,
work or exercise the same by themselves, their lessees, or
any person duly authorised by them in writing ; and
( c ) may obtain the services of additional constables under section
15 of the Police Act 1964 .
( 2 ) Nothing in this paragraph shall authorise anything to be done
which may injuriously affect any navigable river, canal, or inland
navigation.
SCHEDULE 4
OFFENCES
PART I
PROSECUTION AND PUNISHMENT
1 .- ( 1 ) Column 2 of the Table below gives a description of the
offences against the provisions of this Act specified in column 1 of
the Table, and in relation to any such offence-
( a ) column 3 shows whether the offence is punishable summarily
( that is to say, on summary conviction ) or on indictment or
either in one way or the other ; and
( b) column 4 shows the maximum punishment by way of fine
or imprisonment which may be imposed on a person con-
victed of the offence in the way specified in column 3 ( that
is to say, summarily or on indictment ) , any reference in
column 4 to a period of years or months being construed
as a reference to a term of imprisonment for that period.
( 2) A person guilty of an offence against any provision of this Act
not specified in the Table shall be liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £50 or, in the case of a second or subsequent
conviction, £100 .
TABLE
Provision of Act creating
the offence
( 1 )
Section 1
...
Description of offence
Mode of prosecution
( 2 )
( 3 )
Section 4
...
Section 5 ( 1 )
...
Section 5 ( 3 )
...
Section 19 ( 4 )
...
destroy fish .
or weekly close time .
or weekly close time .
Fishing with certain instruments for salmon , trout
or freshwater fish and possessing certain instru-
ments for fishing for such fish .
waters containing fish or spawn .
( a ) If not acting with
another , summarily . ( b ) If acting with another-
( i ) summarily
...
( ii ) on indictment
Discharging poisonous or injurious matter into ( a ) Summarily
... ...
( b ) On indictment
Using explosives , poisons , noxious substances or
( a ) Summarily
electrical devices to take or destroy fish .
... ...
( b ) On indictment
... ...
Destroying or damaging dams etc. , to take or
( a ) Summarily
( b ) On indictment
...
Section 19 ( 2 ) ... Fishing for salmon during the annual close season
Summarily
... ... ...
Fishing for trout during the annual close season
Summarily
... ... ...
Punishment
( 4 )
£ 50 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 100 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
Two years or a fine or both .
£ 400 and £ 40 for each day on which
the offence continues after a
conviction thereof .
Two years or a fine or both .
£ 200 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 400 .
Two years or a fine or both .
£ 200 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 400 . Two years or a fine or both .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
с. 51
1581
Provision of
Act creating
the offence
( 1 )
Section 19 ( 6 )
...
Section 19 ( 7 )
...
Section 21
...
Section 27
...
times .
Description of offence
Mode of prosecution
( 2 )
( 3 )
Fishing for freshwater fish during the annual close Summarily
season for freshwater fish and fishing for eels by
... ...
means of a rod and line during that season .
...
Fishing for rainbow trout during the annual close | Summarily
season for rainbow trout and fishing for eels by
... ... ...
means of a rod and line during that season .
Prohibition on use of certain devices at certain Summarily
... ... ...
Fishing for fish otherwise than under the authority
of a licence and possessing an unlicensed instru-
ment with intent to use it for fishing .
( a ) If not acting with another , summarily .
( b ) If acting with another-
( i ) summarily
( ii ) on indictment
1582 Punishment
с. 51
( 4 )
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 50 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 100 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
Two years or a fine or both .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 c. 51
1583
( 3) A person shall be treated as acting together with another for
the purposes of the above Table if both are engaged in committing an
offence against section 1 or 27 above, other than one committed by
means of a rod and line or without any instrument, or one is aiding.
abetting, counselling or procuring the commission of such an offence
by the other.
SCH. 4
PART II
PROCEDURE
2. Any offence against this Act committed on the sea-coast or at
sea beyond the ordinary jurisdiction of a court of summary jurisdic-
tion shall be deemed to have been committed in any place abutting
on that sea -coast or adjoining that sea, and may be tried and
punished accordingly.
3. Offences against this Act committed in Scotland shall be pro-
ceeded against and punished in Scotland.
4. Ajustice of the peace shall not be disqualified from hearing any
case under this Act by reason only of being a subscriber to any society
for the protection of fish, but a justice shall not be entitled to hear
any case in respect of an offence committed on his own land or in
relation to any fishery of which he is owner or occupier.
5. The court by which a person is convicted of an offence against
this Act may order the forfeiture of-
( a) any fish illegally taken by him or in his possession at the
time of the offence ;
(b) any instrument, bait or other thing used in the commission
of the offence ;
( c ) in the case of an offence of unlawful possession of any sub-
stance or device in contravention of section 5 above, that
substance or device ; and
( d ) on conviction on indictment, any vessel or vehicle used in
or in connection with the commission of the offence or in
which any substance or device unlawfully in his possession
was contained at the time of the offence ;
and may order any object so forfeited to be disposed of as the
court thinks fit.
6. Schedule 7 to the Customs and Excise Act 1952 ( provisions 1952 c. 44.
relating to the forfeiture of things seized under that Act ) shall apply
in relation to any vessel or vehicle liable to forfeiture under paragraph
5 above as it applies in relation to anything liable to forfeiture under
that Act, but in its application in relation to any such vessel or
vehicle shall have effect subject to the following modifications : -
( a) provisos (a ) to (c) in paragraph 1 and paragraph 5 shall be
omitted;
1584 с.51
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975
SCH. 4 ( b ) for references to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise
there shall be substituted references to the water authority
within whose area the offence in question was committed ;
and
( c ) the court shall not condemn a vehicle or vessel as forfeited
under paragraph 6 of that Schedule if satisfied by its owner
that that offence was committed without his knowledge and
that he could not have reasonably foreseen that it would
be used as mentioned in paragraph 5( d ) above ;
and where notice of claim in respect of anything is duly given in
accordance with paragraphs 3 and 4 of that Schedule, as applied by
this paragraph, the court shall not exercise its power of ordering
forfeiture of the vessel or vehicle under paragraph 5 above.
In this paragraph " owner ", in relation to a vessel or vehicle
which is the subject of a hire-purchase agreement, means the person
in possession of the vehicle under that agreement.
7. An authorised officer may seize any salmon, trout or freshwater
fish bought, sold or exposed for sale by, or in the possession for sale
of, any person in contravention of this Act.
8. Where any fish or any other thing of a perishable nature is
seized as liable to forfeiture under paragraph 5 above, the person
by whom it is seized may sell it , and the net proceeds of sale shall
be liable to forfeiture in the same manner as the fish or other
thing sold, and if and so far as not forfeited shall be paid on demand
to the owner ; but no person shall be subject to any liability on
account of his neglect or failure to exercise the powers conferred
on him by this paragraph.
9. If a person is convicted of an offence against this Act and is
subsequently convicted of any such offence, the court may order that
any fishing or general licence held by him shall be forfeited, and that
he shall be disqualified from holding and obtaining a fishing or
general licence or for fishing in a water authority area by virtue of a
fishing or general licence for such period not exceeding one year as
the court thinks fit.
10. A person who is prosecuted for an offence against this Act
and who is the holder of a fishing or general licence shall either-
( a ) cause it to be delivered to the clerk of the court not later
than the day before the date appointed for the hearing, or
( b) post it, at such a time that in the ordinary course of post
it would be delivered not later than that day, in a letter
duly addressed to the clerk and either registered or sent by
the recorded delivery service, or
( c ) have it with him at the hearing ;
and if he is convicted of the offence and the court makes an order
under paragraph 9 above the court shall order the licence to be
surrendered to it ; and if the offender has not posted the licence or
caused it to be delivered as aforesaid and does not surrender it as
required then he shall be guilty of an offence and the licence shall
be revoked from the time when its surrender was ordered.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1975 с. 51
1585
11. Where a court orders a fishing or general licence to be
surrendered to it under paragraph 10 above, or where by an order of
acourt under paragraph 9 above a person is disqualified from holding
or obtaining a licence, the court shall-
( a ) send notice of the order to the water authority within whose
area the offence was committed, unless the authority
prosecuted in the case ;
( b ) if the licence has been so surrendered, retain it and forward
it to that authority, who may dispose of it as they think fit .
12. Where any person is convicted of an offence against this Act,
the clerk of the court before whom he is convicted shall, within
one month of the date of conviction, forward a certificate of the
conviction to the water authority for the area in which the offence
was committed.
13. A certificate under paragraph 12 above shall be receivable in
evidence in all legal proceedings .
SCH. 4
SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
13&14Geo. 5. The Salmon and Fresh- The whole Act.
c . 16. water Fisheries Act 1923 .
19 &20Geo. 5. The Salmon and Fresh- The whole Act.
c. 39.
water Fisheries (Amend-
ment) Act 1929.
25 &26Geo. 5. The Salmon and Fresh- The whole Act.
с.43.
water Fisheries Act 1935 .
1963 с. 38.
The Water Resources Act
1963 .
1965 с. 56. 1965 с. 68. 1972 с. 37. 1973 с. 37. In section 71( 6 ), the words
" the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1923 or by ".
In section 126(1), the words
" the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Acts 1923 to 1972,
and".
The Compulsory Purchase In Schedule 6, the entry relating
Act 1965 . to the Salmon and Fresh-
water Fisheries Act 1923 .
The Salmon and Fresh- The whole Act.
water Fisheries Act 1965.
The Salmon and Fresh- The whole Act.
water Fisheries Act 1972.
The Water Act 1973 . 1974 с. 40. Section 18.
Section 40 ( 4)(c).
In Schedule 8, paragraphs 1 to
19 and paragraphs 95 to 97.
The Control of Pollution In Schedule 3, paragraph 5.
Act 1974.
Section43.
c. 52 1587

Safety of Sports Grounds
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 52
An Act to make provision for safety at sports stadia and
other sports grounds. [ 1st August 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order designate as a Safety
stadium requiring a certificate under this Act (in this Act certificates
referred to as a " safety certificate ") any sports stadium which for large
in his opinion has accommodation for more than 10,000 sports stadia.
spectators.
(2) The Secretary of State
(a) may estimate, by any means which he considers appro-
priate, for how many spectators a sports stadium has
accommodation ; and
(b) may require any person concerned with the organisation
or management of a sports stadium to furnish him
within such reasonable time as he may specify with
such information as he considers necessary for the
purpose of making such an estimate.
(3) A safety certificate may be either-
(a) a certificate issued by the local authority for the area in
which a stadium is situated in respect of the use of the
stadium for an activity or a number of activities speci-
fied in the certificate during an indefinite period com-
mencing with a date so specified ; or
( b) a certificate issued by that authority in respect of the
use of the stadium for an activity or a number of
1588 Contents
of safety
certificates.
c. 52
Safety of Sports Grounds Act 1975
activities specified in the certificate on an occasion or
series of occasions so specified.
( 4) In this Act-
66
designated stadium " means a stadium in respect of which
a designation order is in operation ;
66
designation order " means an order under this section ;
66
general safety certificate " means such a safety certificate
as is mentioned in subsection (3) (a) above ; and
" special safety certificate " means such a safety certificate
as is mentioned in subsection (3) (b) above.
2.- (1 ) A safety certificate shall contain such terms and
conditions as the local authority consider necessary or expedient
to secure reasonable safety at the stadium when it is in use for
the specified activity or activities, and the terms and conditions
may be such as to involve alterations or additions to the stadium.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, a safety
certificate-
( a) shall specify the maximum number of spectators to be
admitted to the stadium ;
( b) may specify the maximum number to be admitted to
different parts of it ; and
( c ) shall include terms and conditions-
(i) as to the number, size and situation of entrances
to and exits from the stadium or any part of it
( including means of escape in case of fire or other
emergency) and the means of access to any such
entrances or exits ;
(ii) requiring those entrances, exits and means of
access to be properly maintained and kept free from
obstruction ; and
( iii) as to the number, strength and situation of
any crush barriers .
(3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1 ) above, a safety cer-
tificate may include a condition that the following records shall
be kept-
(a ) records of the attendance of spectators at the stadium ;
and
(b) records relating to the maintenance of safety at the
stadium.
( 4 ) A general safety certificate shall contain or have attached
to it a plan of the stadium, and the terms and conditions in
the certificate, or in any special safety certificate issued for the
stadium , shall be framed, where appropriate, by reference to
that plan.
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975 c. 52
1589
( 5 ) A safety certificate may include different terms and
conditions in relation to different activities.
( 6 ) Nothing in a safety certificate shall derogate from any
requirements imposed by regulations under section 6( 2) below.
3.- ( 1 ) If a local authority receive an application for a safety Applications
certificate for a designated stadium in their area, it shall be their for certificates.
duty to determine whether the applicant is a person likely to be
in a position to prevent contravention of the terms and conditions
of a certificate ; and such a person is referred to in this Act as
a " qualified person " .
( 2) If a local authority determine that an applicant is a
qualified person-
( a) where no general safety certificate for the stadium is in
operation, they shall issue such a certificate for it to
him ; and
( b) where a general safety certificate for the stadium is in
operation, they may issue a special safety certificate
for it to him.
( 3) The local authority shall send a copy of an application
for a safety certificate for a stadium to the chief officer of police
and the building authority for the area in which it is situated,
and shall consult them about the terms and conditions to be
included in the certificate.
( 4) The local authority may by notice in writing require an
applicant for a safety certificate to furnish them within such
reasonable time as they may specify in the notice with such
information and such plans as they consider necessary to enable
them to determine the terms and conditions which ought to be
included in any certificate issued in response to his application.
(5) If an applicant for a safety certificate fails to comply with
a requirement under subsection (4 ) above within the time
specified by the local authority, or within such further time as
they may allow, he shall be deemed to have withdrawn his
application.
4 .- (1) The local authority may, in any case in which it Amendment
appears appropriate to them to do so-
etc. of
( a) amend a safety certificate by notice in writing to its
certificates .holder; or
(b ) replace a safety certificate.
(2) A safety certificate may be amended or replaced either
on the application of the holder or without such an application.
(3) Section 2 above shall apply on the amendment or replace-
ment of a safety certificate.
1590 Appeals.
c. 52
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975
( 4 ) Anotice under subsection ( 1)(a) above amending a general
safety certificate shall specify the date on which the amendment
to which it relates is to come into operation, and the date so
specified may be a date later than the date of issue of the notice.
( 5 ) If the local authority receive an application for the trans-
fer of a safety certificate from the holder to some other person,
it shall be their duty to determine whether that person is a
qualified person ; and if they so determine, they may transfer the
certificate to him.
(6) An application under subsection (5 ) above may be made
either by the holder of a safety certificate or by a person to
whom it is proposed that it should be transferred.
( 7) The local authority shall send a copy of an application
for the transfer of a safety certificate for a stadium to the
chief officer of police and the building authority for the area in
which it is situated.
(8) The local authority shall consult the chief officer of police
and the building authority about any proposal to amend,
replace or transfer a safety certificate.
( 9) The holder of a safety certificate may surrender it to the
local authority, and it shall thereupon cease to have effect.
( 10) The local authority may cancel a safety certificate if the
holder dies or (if a body corporate) is dissolved.
5.- (1 ) A local authority shall serve on a person whom they
determine not to be a qualified person notice in writing of their
determination, and a person on whom such a notice is served
may appeal against the determination to the Secretary of State .
(2 ) An applicant for a special safety certificate may also
appeal to the Secretary of State against a refusal of his applica-
tion on grounds other than a determination that he is not a
qualified person.
( 3) An interested party may appeal to the Secretary of State
against-
(i) the inclusion of anything in, or the omission of anything
from, a safety certificate ; or
(ii ) the refusal of the local authority to amend or replace
a safety certificate.
( 4 ) Before determining an appeal, the Secretary of State
shall, if the appellant, the local authority or an interested party
so desires, afford to the appellant, to the local authority and to
each interested party an opportunity of appearing before, and
being heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State
for the purpose.
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975 c. 52
1591
( 5 ) In subsections (3) and ( 4 ) above " interested party "
includes-
( a ) the holder of a safety certificate ;
( b) any other person who is or may be concerned in
ensuring compliance with the terms and conditions of
a safety certificate ;
( c) the chief officer of police ; and
( d ) the building authority.
(6) The Secretary of State may, if he considers it necessary,
appoint one or more persons to hold an inquiry in relation to an
appeal and to report to him.
( 7 ) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 250 of the Local Govern- 1972 c. 70.
ment Act 1972 or in Scotland subsections (2) to (8) of section 210
of the Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1973 shall apply in 1973 c. 65.
relation to an inquiry under this section as they apply in relation
to inquiries held for the purposes of those Acts.
( 8) On determining an appeal the Secretary of State may
give such directions to the local authority as he considers
appropriate to give effect to his determination ; and the local
authority shall give effect to his directions .
6.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations-
( a ) prescribe the procedure (subject to the provisions of
this Act) for the issue, amendment, replacement,
transfer and cancellation of safety certificates and the
particulars to be given in applications for their issue,
amendment, replacement or transfer ;
(b) authorise local authorities to determine, subject to such
limits or in accordance with such provisions as may be
prescribed by the regulations, the fees ( if any) to be
charged in respect of such applications ; and
( c ) prescribe the procedure for appeals under section 5
above, including, without prejudice to the generality
of this paragraph, the time within which notice of an
appeal is to be given and the manner in which an
appeal is to be determined.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision
for securing safety at sports grounds.
(3) Regulations under subsection (2) above may provide , with-
out prejudice to its generality, that the following records shall
be kept-
(a ) records of the attendance of spectators at sports
grounds ; and
Regulations.
1592 c. 52
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975
( b) records relating to the maintenance of safety at sports
grounds.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section may contain such incidental
and supplementary provisions as the Secretary of State thinks
expedient.
Determinations 7.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, if a local authority
and appeals- serve a notice under section 5( 1) above on any person-
supplementary.
( a) when he is an applicant for a safety certificate, he shall
be deemed to have withdrawn his application, and
( b) when he is the holder of a safety certificate, he shall
be deemed to have surrendered it,
on the expiry of the period within which, by virtue of regulations
under section 6 above, notice of an appeal against the authority's
determination may be given.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not have effect if notice of
appeal is given before the expiry of the period there mentioned,
but if the notice is withdrawn or the Secretary of State upholds
the authority's determination, the appellant shall be deemed
to have withdrawn his application or surrendered his certificate
on the date of the withdrawal of his notice of appeal or of the
Secretary of State's determination .
(3) Where notice is given of an appeal against the inclusion
of any term or condition in a safety certificate ( whether it was
included in the certificate originally or only on its amendment
or replacement ) , the operation of that term or condition shall be
suspended, subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, until the Secretary
of State has determined the appeal .
( 4 ) If the court is satisfied, on an application made by the
local authority, that, pending the determination of an appeal,
a term or condition the operation of which is suspended ought
to be made immediately effective for the reasonable safety
of persons at the stadium, the court may order that it shall be
effective pending that determination.
(5 ) An application under subsection ( 4 ) above shall be
made in England and Wales by complaint, and in Scotland by
summary application .
Alterations
8.- ( 1) If while a general safety certificate is in operation with
and extensions. respect to a stadium it is proposed to alter or extend that
stadium or any of its installations, and the alteration or extension
is likely to affect the safety of persons at the stadium, the
holder of the certificate shall, before the carrying out of the
proposals is begun, give notice of the proposals to the local
authority.
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975 c. 52
1593
( 2 ) Subsection (1) above in particular requires notice when it
is proposed to alter the entrances to or exits from a stadium or
any part of it ( including any means of escape in case of fire or
other emergency) or the means of access to any such entrances
or exits.
9.-( 1 ) While a general safety certificate is in force in relation Exclusion
to a stadium, the following provisions shall not apply to it , of other
that is to say-
statutory requirements.
(a ) section 37( 1) of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act
1890 с. 59.
1890 (platforms for public occasions) ;
( b) sections 168 and 175 of the Burgh Police (Scotland) 1892 c. 55.
Act 1892 and section 31 of the Burgh Police ( Scotland ) 1903 c. 33.
Act 1903 (which make provision for the safety of the
public in buildings and other places used for accom-
modating a number of persons), in so far as those
sections relate to any matter in relation to which
requirements are imposed by the terms and conditions
of the safety certificate ;
(c ) section 59 of the Public Health Act 1936 (exits, 1936 с. 49.
entrances, etc. in the case of certain public and other
buildings) ;
( d ) any provision of the Fire Precautions Act 1971 or 1971 с. 40.
of a fire certificate issued under that Act in so far as
it relates to any matter in relation to which require
ments are imposed by the terms and conditions of
the safety certificate ; and
(e) any provision of a local Act in so far as it relates to
any matter in relation to which requirements are
imposed by those terms and conditions.
(2) Where any enactment provides for the licensing of premises
of any class or description and the authority responsible for
licences thereunder is required or authorised to impose terms,
conditions or restrictions in connection with such licences, then,
so long as there is in operation with respect to the premises a
safety certificate covering the use of the premises by reason of
which a licence under that enactment is required, any term,
condition or restriction imposed with respect to those premises
in connection with any licence under that enactment shall be of
no effect in so far as it relates to any matter in relation to
which requirements are imposed by the terms and conditions of
that certificate.
(3) A person required by or under a local Act to do anything
that would involve a contravention of the terms or conditions
of a safety certificate shall not be treated as having contravened
that Act if he fails to do it.
U
1594 c. 52
Safety of Sports Grounds Act 1975
Emergency
procedure.
Powers of
entry and
inspection.
10.-(1 ) If the court is satisfied, on the application of the local
authority, that the risk to spectators at a sports ground is so great
that, until steps have been taken to reduce it to a reasonable
level, their admission ought to be prohibited or restricted, the
court may by order prohibit or restrict, to the extent that the
court considers appropriate in the circumstances of the case, the
admission of spectators to the whole or any part of the ground,
until such steps have been taken as, in the opinion of the court,
are necessary to reduce the risk to a reasonable level.
( 2) At any time when an order under subsection (1) above
is in operation, any person may apply to the court which made
the order for its cancellation or modification ; and upon such
an application the court may order that it shall be cancelled, or
modified in such manner as may be specified by the court , from
such date as the court may specify.
( 3) An application under subsection (1 ) or ( 2) above shall be
made in England and Wales by complaint, and in Scotland by
summary application.
( 4 ) In England and Wales any of the following persons may
appeal to the Crown Court against an order under subsection
(1) or (2) above or the refusal of an application for such an
order, namely-
(a) the local authority ;
( b) any person who is concerned in the management of
the sports ground in question or the organisation of
any activity there ;
(c) the chief officer of police ; and
(d ) the building authority.
( 5) In Scotland, it shall be competent for any of the following
persons to appeal against an order made on an application under
this section or the refusal of such an application, namely-
(a ) the local authority ;
( b) any person who is concerned in the management of the
sports ground in question or the organisation of any
activity there ;
(c) the chief officer of police ; and
(d ) the building authority,
notwithstanding that that person was not party to the proceedings
on that application.
11. A person authorised by-
( a ) the local authority ;
(b ) the chief officer of police ;
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975 c. 52
1595
( c) the building authority ; or
(d ) the Secretary of State,
may, on production if so required of his authority, enter a sports
ground at any reasonable time, and make such inspection of
it and such inquiries relating to it as he considers necessary for
the purposes of this Act, and in particular may examine records
of attendance at the ground and records relating to the main-
tenance of safety at the ground, and take copies of such records.
12.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, if-
(a) spectators are admitted to a designated stadium after
the date on which the designation order relating to it
comes into operation but at a time when no application
for a general safety certificate in respect of it has been
made or such an application has been made but has
been withdrawn, or is deemed to have been withdrawn ;
or
(b) when a general safety certificate is in operation in respect
of a stadium spectators are admitted to the stadium on
an occasion when it is used for an activity to which
neither the general safety certificate nor a special
safety certificate relates ; or
(c) spectators are admitted to a designated stadium on an
occasion when, following the surrender or cancellation
of a safety certificate, no safety certificate is in
operation in respect of that stadium ; or
(d ) any term or condition of a safety certificate is contra-
vened ; or
(e) spectators are admitted to a sports ground in contraven-
tion of an order under section 10 above,
any responsible person and, if a safety certificate is in operation,
the holder of the certificate, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) In subsection (1) above " responsible person " means a
person who is concerned in the management of the stadium or
other sports ground in question or the organisation of any
activity taking place there at the time when an offence is alleged
to have been committed.
( 3) A person guilty of an offence under subsection ( 1) above
shall be liable-
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine of not more than
£ 400; or
( b ) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for not
more than two years or a fine or to both .
U2
Offences.
1596 c. 52
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975
( 4 ) Where any person is charged with an offence under sub-
section ( 1) above it shall be a defence to prove-
( a ) that the spectators were admitted or the contravention
of the certificate or order in question took place with-
out his consent ; and
( b) that he took all reasonable precautions and exercised
all due diligence to avoid the commission of such an
offence by himself or any person under his control.
( 5) Regulations under section 6( 2) above may provide that a
breach of the regulations shall be an offence punishable as
provided by the regulations, but shall not provide that a person
guilty of such an offence shall be liable to punishments greater
than those specified in subsection ( 3) above.
( 6 ) Any person who-
(a) without reasonable excuse, refuses, neglects or other-
wise fails to comply with a requirement under section
1( 2 ) (b) above within the time specified by the Secre-
tary of State ; or
( b) in purporting to carry out such a requirement, or a
requirement under section 3( 4) above, or for the
purpose of procuring a safety certificate or the amend-
ment, replacement or transfer of a safety certificate,
knowingly or recklessly makes a false statement or
knowingly or recklessly produces, furnishes, signs or
otherwise makes use of a document containing a false
statement ; or
( c ) fails to give a notice required by section 8(1) above ; or
(d ) wilfully obstructs any person in the exercise of powers
under section 11 above, or without reasonable excuse
refuses, neglects or otherwise fails to answer any
question asked by any person in the exercise of such
powers,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 7) Where an offence under this Act which has been com-
mitted by a body corporate is proved to have been committed
with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any
neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body
corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be
proceeded against and punished accordingly.
(8) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection (7) above shall apply in relation to the acts
and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of
management as if he were a director of the body corporate.
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975 c .52
1597
13. Except in so far as this Act otherwise expressly pro- Civil liability.
vides, and subject to section 33 of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 c. 63.
( offences under two or more laws), the provisions of this Act
shall not be construed as-
( a ) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings
( other than proceedings for the recovery of a fine) in
respect of any contravention of this Act or of any
regulations made under this Act or of any of the terms
or conditions of a safety certificate ; or
(b) affecting any requirement or restriction imposed by or
under any other enactment whether contained in a
public general Act or in a local or private Act ; or
( c ) derogating from any right of action or other remedy
( whether civil or criminal ) in proceedings instituted
otherwise than under this Act.
14 .-(1 ) Any notice or other document required or autho- Service of
documents .
rised by or by virtue of this Act to be served on any person may
be served on him either by delivering it to him or by leaving it
at his proper address or by sending it by post.
( 2) Any notice or other document so required or authorised
to be served on a body corporate or a firm shall be duly served
if it is served on the secretary or clerk of that body or a partner
of that firm .
( 3) For the purposes of this section, and of section 26 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 in its application to this section, the
proper address of a person, in the case of a secretary or clerk
of a body corporate, shall be that of the registered or principal
office of that body, in the case of a partner of a firm shall be
that of the principal office of the firm, and in any other case
shall be the last known address of the person to be served.
15. The Secretary of State may by order direct that any Power to
of the provisions of this Act which are not expressed to apply byorder.
extend Act
to sports grounds other than sports stadia shall, subject to such
exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be specified
in the order, extend to classes of such sports grounds.
16. ( 1 ) Sections 1 to 4 and 6(2) above bind the Crown, but Application
shall have effect, in relation to premises occupied by the Crown, to Crown .
with the substitution of a reference to the Secretary of State
for any reference to the local authority.
( 2) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to authorise the entry
of premises occupied by the Crown.
17.-(1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires, -Interpretation.
" building authority " means-
U 3
1598 c. 52
Safety ofSports Grounds Act 1975
1959 с. 24 .
( a ) in an Outer London borough, the council of
the borough ;
(b) elsewhere in Greater London, the Greater
London Council ;
( c ) in England outside Greater London, or in
Wales, the district council ;
( d ) in Scotland, the local authority within the
meaning of the Building (Scotland ) Act 1959 ;
" the court " means, in relation to premises in England
or Wales, a magistrates' court acting for the petty
sessions area in which they are situated and, in relation
to premises in Scotland, the sheriff within whose
jurisdiction they are situated ;
"designated stadium " and " designation order " have the
meanings assigned to them by section 1 ( 4) above ;
"general safety certificate " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 1 (4) above ;
" local authority " means-
(a) in Greater London, the Greater London
Council;
( b) in England outside Greater London, or in
Wales, the county council ;
( c) in Scotland, the regional or islands council ;
"
" means of access includes means of access from a
highway ;
" qualified person " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 3 ( 1 ) above ;
" safety " does not include safety from danger inherent
in participation in a sporting or competitive activity ;
"
safety certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1( 1) above ;
" special safety certificate " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 1 (4) above ;
spectator " means any person occupying accommodation
provided for spectators at a sports ground ;
" sports ground "
means any place where sports or other
competitive activities take place in the open air and
where accommodation has been provided for spectators,
consisting of artificial structures or of natural struc-
tures artificially modified for the purpose ;
" sports stadium " means a sports ground where the accom-
modation provided for spectators wholly or substantially
surrounds the area used for activities taking place on
theground.
Safety of Sports Grounds Act 1975 c. 52
1599
( 2 ) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference
to it as amended, and includes a reference to it as applied by
or under any other enactment, including this Act.
18.-( 1 ) Any power to make an order or regulations conferred Orders
on the Secretary of State by any provision of this Act shall be and
exercisable by statutory instrument.
regulations.
( 2) Any power to make an order conferred by any provision
of this Act shall include power to make an order varying or
revoking any order previously made under that provision.
(3) Orders and regulations under this Act (except an order
under section 19( 6 ) below) shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before making
an order or regulations under any of the preceding provisions
of this Act, to consult with such persons or bodies of persons
as appear to him requisite.
Act 1975.
19.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Safety of Sports Grounds Short title,
extent and
commence-
ment.
( 2 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
( 3) Except as provided by an order under this section, this
Act does not extend to the Isles of Scilly.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by order direct that this Act
shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications
as may be specified in the order, extend to the Isles of Scilly.
( 5) An order made under subsection ( 4 ) above may contain
such incidental and consequential provisions, including pro-
visions conferring powers or imposing duties on the Council
of the Isles of Scilly, as the Secretary of State thinks necessary.
( 6 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secre-
tary of State may by order appoint , and different days may be
so appointed for different provisions and for different purposes.
U4
1600 c . 53
Arrest
without
warrant of
suspected offenders.
1960 с. 16.
1870 с. 78 .


Public Service Vehicles
(Arrest of Offenders)
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 53
An Act to authorise the arrest without warrant of certain
persons suspected of contravening regulations about
the conduct of passengers in public service vehicles.
[1st August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. If a constable suspects with reasonable cause that a person
has contravened or failed to comply with a provision of regulations
having effect by virtue of section 147 of the Road Traffic Act 1960
( which relates to the conduct of passengers in public service
vehicles) or of byelaws made under section 46 of the Tramways
Act 1870 with respect to the conduct of persons in tramcars, the
constable may require the person to give his name and address
to the constable; and if the person-
( a) refuses to give his name and address to the constable ; or
(b ) gives a name and address to the constable but does not
answer to the satisfaction of the constable questions put
to him by the constable for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the name and address are correct,
the constable may arrest him without a warrant.
Public Service Vehicles ( Arrest ofOffenders) Act 1975
c. 53
2.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Public Service Vehicles Short title,
( Arrest of Offenders) Act 1975. repeal, com-
mencement
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1)( b) of the said section 147 ( which provides and extent.
that regulations under that section may make provision for requir-
ing a passenger in a public service vehicle who is suspected of
contravening the regulations to give his name and address to a
police constable or to the driver or conductor) the words " to a
police constable or " are hereby repealed.
( 3) In the preceding section the words from 66
or of byelaws "
to " tramcars " shall come into force on such date as the Secretary
of State may appoint by order made by statutory instrument.
( 4 ) This Act does not extend to Scotland and Northern Ireland.
1601
c. 54 1603


Limitation Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 54
An Act to amend the law about the limitation of actions
and other proceedings .
[ 1st August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :
Personal injuries
1. After section 2 of the Limitation Act 1939 there shall be New time
inserted the following sections— limits.
"Time limit
2A .- (1) This section applies to any action for 1939 c. 21 .
for personal injuries.
damage for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty
(whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or
of provision made by or under a statute or inde-
pendently of any contract or any such provision)
where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the
negligence, nuisance or breach of duty consist of or
include damages in respect of personal injuries to
the plaintiff or any other person.
(2) Section 2 of this Act shall not apply to an
action to which this section applies .
( 3) Subject to section 2D below, an action to which
this section applies shall not be brought after the
expiration of the period specified in subsections ( 4)
and (5) below.
( 4) Except where subsection (5) applies, the said
period is three years from-
(a ) the date on which the cause of action
accrued, or
1604 Limitation Act 1975
c . 54
1934 с. 41.
( b ) the date (if later ) of the plaintiff's knowledge.
(5 ) If the person injured dies before the expiration
of the period in subsection ( 4 ) above, the period
as respects the cause of action surviving for the
benefit of the estate of the deceased by virtue of
section 1 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1934 shall be three years from—
(a ) the date of death, or
( b) the date of the personal representative's
knowledge,
whichever is the later.
( 6 ) In this section, and in section 2B below, refer-
ences to a person's date of knowledge are references
to the date on which he first had knowledge of the
following facts-
( a) that the injury in question was significant,
and
( b) that that injury was attributable in whole or
in part to the act or omission which is
alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance
or breach of duty, and
(c ) the identity of the defendant, and
( d ) if it is alleged that the act or omission was
that of a person other than the defendant,
the identity of that person and the addi-
tional facts supporting the bringing of an
action against the defendant,
and knowledge that any acts or omissions did or did
not, as a matter of law, involve negligence, nuisance
or breach of duty is irrelevant.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section an injury is
significant if the plaintiff would reasonably have
considered it sufficiently serious to justify his
instituting proceedings for damages against a
defendant who did not dispute liability and was able
to satisfy a judgment.
( 8) For the purposes of the said sections a person's
knowledge includes knowledge which he might
reasonably have been expected to acquire-
( a) from facts observable or ascertainable by
him, or
(b) from facts ascertainable by him with the help
of medical or other appropriate expert
advice which it is reasonable for him to
seek,
but a person shall not be fixed under this subsection
with knowledge of a fact ascertainable only with the
Time limit
for actions
under Fatal
Accidents
Act 1846.
c .54
Limitation Act 1975 1605
help of expert advice so long as he has taken all
reasonable steps to obtain (and, where appropriate,
to act on ) that advice.
( 9) For the purposes of this section ' personal
representative ' includes any person who is or has
been a personal representative of the deceased,
including an executor who has not proved the will
( whether or not he has renounced probate) but not
anyone appointed only as a special personal repre-
sentative in relation to settled land ; and regard shall
be had to any knowledge acquired by any such
person while a personal representative or previously.
(10) If there is more than one personal representa-
tive, and their dates of knowledge are different, sub-
section (5) (b) above shall be read as referring to the
earliest of those dates.
2B.-( 1 ) This section has effect subject to section
2D below.
( 2) An action under the Fatal Accidents Act 1846 1846 с. 93.
shall not be brought if the death occurred
when the person injured could no longer maintain
an action and recover damages in respect of the
injury (whether because of a time limit in this Act
or in any other Act, or any other reason) .
Where any such action by the injured person
would have been barred by the time limit in section
2A above, no account shall be taken of the possi-
bility of that time limit being overridden under sec-
tion 2D of this Act.
( 3) An action under the Fatal Accidents Act
1846 shall not be brought after the expiration of
three years from-
(a ) the date of death, or
(b) the date of knowledge of the person for
whose benefit the action is brought,
whichever is the later.
(4) Subsection (3) above shall not apply to an
action for which a period of limitation is prescribed
by or under any Act other than this Act, and section
2A above shall not apply to an action under the
Fatal Accidents Act 1846.
( 5) An action under the Fatal Accidents Act 1846
shall be one to which section 22 of this Act (persons
under disability) applies, but otherwise Part II and
Part III of this Act shall not apply to the action.
1606 Limitation Act 1975
c. 54
1846 с. 93.
1961 с. 27.
Dependants subject to
2C.-( 1) This section applies where there is more
different
than one person for whose benefit an action under
time limits.
the Fatal Accidents Act 1846 is brought.
(2) Section 2B(3)(b) shall be applied separately to
each of them, and if that would debar one or more
of them, but not all, the court shall direct that any
person who would be so debarred shall be excluded
from those for whom the action is brought unless
it is shown that if the action were brought exclusively
for the benefit of that person it would not be defeated
by a defence of limitation (whether in consequence
of section 22 of this Act (persons under disability),
or an agreement between the parties not to raise the
defence, or otherwise) .
Court's
2D. ( 1 ) If it appears to the court that it would
to
override time be equitable to allow an action to proceed having
limits.
regard to the degree to which-
( a) the provisions of section 2A or 2B of this
Act prejudice the plaintiff or any person
whom he represents, and
(b) any decision of the court under this sub-
section would prejudice the defendant or
any person whom he represents,
the court may direct that those provisions shall not
apply to the action, or shall not apply to any specified
cause of action to which the action relates.
(2) The court shall not under this section disapply
section 2B(2) except where the reason why the
person injured could no longer maintain an action
was because of the time limit in section 2A.
If , for example, the person injured could at his
death no longer maintain an action under the Fatal
Accidents Act 1846 because of the time limit in
Article 29 in Schedule 1 to the Carriage by Air Act
1961 , the court has no power to direct that section
2B(2) shall not apply.
( 3) In acting under this section the court shall
have regard to all the circumstances of the case and
in particular to-
( a) the length of, and the reasons for, the delay
on the part of the plaintiff ;
( b ) the extent to which, having regard to the
delay, the evidence adduced or likely to
be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant
is or is likely to be less cogent than if
the action had been brought within the
time allowed by section 2A or as the case
may be 2B ;
c . 54
Limitation Act 1975 1607
( c) the conduct of the defendant after the cause
of action arose, including the extent if any
to which he responded to requests reason-
ably made by the plaintiff for information
or inspection for the purpose of ascertain-
ing facts which were or might be relevant
to the plaintiff's cause of action against
the defendant ;
( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff
arising after the date of the accrual of the
cause of action ;
( e) the extent to which the plaintiff acted
promptly and reasonably once he knew
whether or not the act or omission of the
defendant, to which the injury was attribut-
able, might be capable at that time of
giving rise to an action for damages ;
( f ) the steps, if any, taken by the plaintiff to
obtain medical, legal or other expert advice
and the nature of any such advice he may
have received.
( 4) In a case where the person injured died when,
because of section 2A, he could no longer maintain
an action and recover damages in respect of the
injury, the court shall have regard in particular to
the length of, and the reasons for, the delay on the
part of the deceased.
( 5) In a case under subsection ( 4 ) above, or any
other case where the time limit, or one of the time
limits, depends on the date of knowledge of a person
other than the plaintiff, subsection ( 3) above
shall have effect with appropriate modifications, and
shall have effect in particular as if references to the
plaintiff included references to any person whose
date of knowledge is or was relevant in determining
atime limit.
(6) A direction by the court disapplying the pro-
visions of section 2B(2) shall operate to disapply the
provisions to the same effect in section 1 of the Fatal
Accidents Act 1846.
( 7) In this section " the court " means the court
in which the action has been brought.
(8) References in this section to section 2A include
references to that section as extended by any
provision of Parts II and III of this Act. "
1846 с. 93.
c .54
1608 Limitation Act 1975
Persons under
disability.
1939 с. 21 .
1954 с. 36.
1963 с. 47.
Transitional
provisions.
Citation,
extent, repeals
and com-
mencement.
2.- ( 1 ) At the end of section 22 of the Limitation Act 1939
( persons under disability: time limit of 6 years from end of
disability) there shall be inserted the following subsections: -
" (2) If the action is one to which section 2A or 2B(3 )
of this Act applies subsection ( 1) of this section shall have
effect as if for the words ' 6 years ' there were substituted
the words ' 3 years ' .
(3) Where this section applies by virtue of section 4( 3) of
the Limitation Act 1963 ( contributions between tortfeasors)
subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if for the
words ' 6 years ' there were substituted the words ' 2
years '".
(2 ) The provisions of this section are in substitution for the
subsection (2) added to section 22 by the Law Reform (Limita-
tion of Actions &c.) Act 1954, and in substitution for the proviso
to section 4(3) of the Limitation Act 1963 .
Supplemental
3.-( 1 ) The provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation
to causes of action which accrued before, as well as causes of
action which accrue after, the commencement of this Act, and
shall have effect in relation to any cause of action which accrued
before the commencement of this Act notwithstanding that an
action in respect thereof has been commenced and is pending
at the commencement of this Act.
( 2) For the purposes of this section an action shall not be
taken to be pending at any time if a final order or judgment
has been made or given therein, notwithstanding that an appeal
is pending or that the time for appealing has not expired .
( 3) It is hereby declared that a decision taken at any time by
a court to grant, or not to grant, leave under Part I of the
Limitation Act 1963 (which, so far as it relates to leave, is
repealed by this Act ) does not affect the determination of any
question in proceedings under this Act, but in such proceedings
account may be taken of evidence admitted in proceedings under
the said provisions repealed by this Act.
( 4) In this section " action " includes any proceeding in a
court of law, an arbitration and a claim by way of set- off or
counterclaim .
4.- ( 1) This Act may be cited as the Limitation Act 1975.
(2) The Limitation Act 1939, the Law Reform (Limitation
of Actions, &c.) Act 1954, the Limitation Act 1963 and this
Act may be cited together as the Limitation Acts 1939 to 1975 .
(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.
Limitation Act 1975 1609
c . 54
( 4) The consequential and minor amendments in Schedule
1 to this Act shall have effect.
(5) The enactments specified in Schedule 2 to this Act shall
be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule.
(6) This Act shall come into force on 1st September 1975 .
c . 54
1610 Limitation Act 1975
Section 4( 4 ).
1939 с. 21 .
1954 с. 36.
SCHEDULEIS
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AND MINOR AMENDMENTS
The Fatal Accidents Acts
1. In the Fatal Accidents Acts 1846 to 1959 any reference to injury
includes any disease and any impairment of a person's physical or
mental condition, and section 2B of the Limitation Act 1939 (in-
serted by this Act ) shall be construed accordingly.
The Limitation Act 1939
2. At the end of section 2 of the Limitation Act 1939 there shall
be inserted the following subsection-
66 ( 8) This section has effect subject to section 2A below. "
3. In section 31(1) of the Limitation Act 1939 after the definitions
of " personal estate " and " personal property " there shall be in-
serted the following definitions-
6666 personal injuries " includes any disease and any impairment
of a personal's physical or mental condition, and " injury " and
cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly " .
In the Limitation Act 1939 the proviso to section 2(1) and the defini-
tion of " personal injuries " inserted by section 2 of the Law Reform
( Limitation of Actions, &c. ) Act 1954 shall cease to have effect.
4. In section 32 of the Limitation Act 1939 ( saving for other
limitation enactments) after the words " prescribed by " (in both
places) there shall be inserted the words " or under ".
c . 54
Limitation Act 1975 1611
SCHEDULE 2
REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
9 & 10 Vict. The Fatal Accidents Act In section 3 the words from
с. 93. 1846. " and that every to the end
of the section.
2& 3 Geo. 6. The Limitation Act 1939. In section 22 the subsection
с. 21 .
added by section 2( 2) of the
Law Reform (Limitation of
Actions , &c.) Act 1954.
c. 36. 1963 с. 47.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Law Reform (Limi-
tation of Actions, &c.)
Act 1954.
The Limitation Act 1963.
Section 2.
Section 3.
1971 с. 43.
The Law Reform ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
1971 .
Sections 1 to 3B.
In section 4(3) the proviso.
Section 6.
All of section 7 except sub-
section (7) , and in subsection
( 7 ) the words " Subject to the
preceding provisions of this
section".
Part I.
The Schedules.
Section 4(5 ).
c. 55 1613



Statutory Corporations
(Financial Provisions) Act
1975
1975 CHAPTER 55
An Act to provide further (by extending section 2 of the
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1974)
for compensating certain nationalised industries for
their losses due to price restraint ; and to make other
provision with respect to finance and administration in
the public sector . [ 1st August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secretary Compensation
of State may by order direct, in the case of any of the bodies to nationalised
corporate specified in Schedule 1 to this Act, the payment by industries for
him to that body of such amount as may be specified by the losses due
to price
order by way of compensation for financial losses which it may, restraint.
in either of its years 1974-75 or 1975-76, have incurred in
consequence of compliance with the national policy relating to
limitation of prices .
(2) The Treasury may by order direct that this section shall
take effect with the substitution for the words " either of its
years 1974-75 or 1975-76 " of the words " any of its years
1974-75 , 1975-76 or 1976-77 " .
1614 c. 55 Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1975
( 3) The amount so specified for any year of a body corporate
shall not exceed the deficit on the body's revenue account for
that year.
( 4 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State, in the case of
any of those bodies corporate, that it is incurring in its current
year, or has incurred in its year last ended, such losses as are
likely to justify the making of an order under subsection ( 1 )
above, he may (subject to subsections ( 7) and (8) below) make
one or more payments to that body by way of advance on the
payment which, if an order is made, will be due to the body
under the order.
(5) If the Secretary of State determines not to make such an
order, the body corporate shall repay to the Secretary of State
the total of any advances made to it under subsection ( 4) in
respect of that year ; and if an order is made in its case specify-
ing (as compensation for losses of that year) an amount less
than that total, it shall repay to him the difference ; and any
repayment required by this subsection shall be made with
interest at such rate as the Secretary of State may determine.
(6) The whole or any part of a payment falling to be made
to a body corporate by virtue of an order under subsection ( 1)
above may be made with interest at such rate or rates and in
respect of such period or periods as the Secretary of State may
determine.
( 7) The Treasury's approval shall be required-
(a) for the making of an order under subsection ( 1 ) above ;
(b) for the making of any payment by way of advance under
subsection (4) ;
(c) for the determination by the Secretary of State of a rate
of interest under subsection (5) ; and
( d ) for the payment of interest under subsection ( 6), and for
any determination by the Secretary of State of the rate
or rates of interest or the period or periods in respect of
which it is to be paid.
( 8) No order shall be made under subsection ( 1) above in the
case of a body corporate, and no payment shall be made to a
body corporate by way of advance under subsection ( 4), except
after consultation with that body.
(9) Orders under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument ; and the power to make an order ( whether a power
of the Secretary of State under subsection ( 1) or of the Treasury
under subsection (2)) shall not be exercisable unless a draft
of a statutory instrument containing it has been laid before the
House of Commons and approved by a resolution of that House.
(10 ) In this section " year " means financial year.
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1975 c. 55 1615
(11) Section 2 of the Statutory Corporations (Financial Pro- 1974 c. 8.
visions) Act 1974 (which, so far as not spent, is replaced by
this section) shall cease to have effect.
2.-( 1 ) Any payment to a body corporate under or by virtue Provisions
of section 1 above shall be made out of money provided by supplementary
Parliament and shall be treated as being for the credit of the
to s. 1.
body's revenue account.
( 2) Any sums repaid to the Secretary of State under section
1 (5) (including any interest) shall be paid into the Consolidated
Fund.
( 3) In determining for the purposes of section 1 whether in
the case of a body corporate there is or was a deficit on its
revenue account for a financial year, and in determining the
amount of the deficit, no account shall be taken of any payment
made or to be made under or by virtue of that section (whether
a payment by the Secretary of State or by a body corporate) ,
except a payment of interest by the Secretary of State under
subsection (6) of the section.
( 4) For the purposes of applying section 1 to the Post Office,
each of the branches of the Post Office's undertaking relating
respectively to-
( a) the provision of postal services,
( b) the provision of telecommunication services,
(c) the provision of such services as are mentioned in
section 7( 1 ) (b) of the Post Office Act 1969 ( banking, 1969 c. 48.
giro and related services), and
( d ) the provision of data processing services,
shall be treated as if it were a separate undertaking ; and refer-
ences to financial loss incurred, or to a deficit on revenue
account, shall be construed accordingly.
3. In section 3 of the Iron and Steel Act 1969 (which provides Borrowing
that the aggregate of the amount outstanding in respect of the powers of
principal of money borrowed by the British Steel Corporation British Steel
and the publicly- owned companies, together with any sums
Corporation.
paid to the Corporation under section 2( 1) of that Act, shall not
1969 с. 45.
at any time exceed an amount which at the passing of this
Act stands at £1,250 million) for " £1,250,000,000 " there shall
be substituted " £2,000 million " .
4. In section 27(3) of the Transport Act 1968, in paragraph Borrowing
(i ) ( which specifies the limit of the aggregate amount to be powers of
National Bus
outstanding in respect of the principal of any money borrowed Company.
by the National Bus Company and the Company's commencing 1968 с. 73.
1616 Miscellaneous
provisions
as to
borrowing in
public sector.
1957 с. 48 .
Consultative
and
Consumers'
Councils
( electricity
and gas ) .
1972 с. 60.
c. 55 Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1975
capital debt ), for " £130 million " there shall be substituted
" £200 million ".
5. ( 1 ) In the case of any of the bodies corporate specified in
Schedule 2 to this Act, its power to borrow money in a
currency other than sterling shall not be subject to any statutory
restriction as to the persons from whom, or the terms on which,
it may borrow; but the power shall be exercisable only with
the consent of the Secretary of State and that consent shall
require the Treasury's approval.
( 2) Section 18(1) to (3) of the Electricity Act 1957 ( estimates
of Area Boards' borrowing requirements ; allocation of liabilities
on loans to Electricity Council, etc.) shall apply in relation to
borrowing by the Council, under section 15(3A) of that Act,
from the Commission of the European Communities or the
European Investment Bank as they apply (by virtue of section
18( 4)) in relation to borrowing by means of Government
advances ; and in section 19 of that Act (central guarantee fund),
in subsection ( 1 )(a), for the words " any temporary loan " there
shall be substituted the words " any temporary or other loan ".
6.-( 1 ) Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act has effect with respect
to the Electricity Consultative Councils there specified and to
various financial and administrative matters concerning those
Councils.
( 2 ) Part II of that Schedule has effect for the amendment
of Schedule 3 to the Gas Act 1972 in respect of various financial
and administrative matters concerning the National and
Regional Gas Consumers' Councils.
(3) Payments under Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act to or in
respect of the chairmen of the Councils there mentioned, and
also payments under paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to the Gas
Act 1972-
(a) in respect of remuneration of the chairman of any of
the Consumers' Councils mentioned in that Schedule ;
or
( b) in respect of the chairman's pension or otherwise under
paragraph 1 (3) of that Schedule,
shall be made by the Secretary of State out of money provided
by Parliament ; and any expenditure incurred by the Secretary
of State in providing funds to Councils under Part I of Schedule
3 to this Act, or under Schedule 3 to the Gas Act 1972, or other-
wise under those Schedules, shall be defrayed out of money so
provided.
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1975 c. 55 1617
7.- (1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act Supplementary
shall have effect with the amendments there specified, being provisions.
amendments required in consequence of this Act and other minor
amendments.
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act (which
include certain spent provisions and minor provisions which are
no longer required) are hereby repealed to the extent specified
in the third column of that Schedule.
(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by any
other enactment, including this Act.
8. This Act may be cited as the Statutory Corporations Citation.
(Financial Provisions) Act 1975.
1618 c. 55 Statutory Corporations ( Financial Provisions) Act 1975
Section 1(1) .
1947 с. 54.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
BODIES CORPORATE WHICH MAY BE COMPENSATED
FOR LOSS
The Central Electricity Generating Board.
Area Boards within the meaning of the Electricity Act 1947.
The North of Scotland Hydro- Electric Board.
The South of Scotland Electricity Board.
The British Gas Corporation.
The Post Office.
Section 5(1 ) . 1967 с. 17.
SCHEDULE 2
BODIES CORPORATE AFFECTED BY SECTION 5 AS TO THEIR POWER
TO BORROW IN CURRENCIES OTHER THAN STERLING
The British Airports Authority.
The Housing Corporation.
The British Airways Board.
The National Coal Board.
The British Steel Corporation and the
The North of Scotland
publicly-owned companies for the
Hydro-Electric Board.
purposes of the Iron and Steel Act
1967 .
The Post Office .
The South of Scotland
The Civil Aviation Authority.
Electricity Board.
The Electricity Council .
Section 6.
1943 с. 32.
SCHEDULE 3
CONSULTATIVE AND CONSUMERS' COUNCILS
PART I
ELECTRICITY INDUSTRY
The Councils concerned
1. This Part of this Schedule applies to the Consultative Councils
established-
(a) under section 7 of the Electricity Act 1947 for the areas of
Area Boards ; and
(b ) under section 7A of that Act, for the districts of the North of
Scotland Hydro-Electric Board and the South of Scotland
Electricity Board.
Council chairmen
2. There shall be paid to the chairman of a Council such
remuneration as the Secretary of State may determine ; and in the case
of a person remunerated under this paragraph there shall be no obliga-
tion to remunerate him also-
( a ) under paragraph 14 of Schedule 1 to the Hydro-Electric
Development ( Scotland) Act 1943, as a member of the North
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act 1975 c. 55 of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board or the South of Scotland SCH. 3
Electricity Board ; or
( b) under section 3( 6 ) of the Electricity Act 1947, as a member 1947 c. 54.
of the Area Board for the same area as that for which he is
chairman of the Consultative Council.
3. If the Secretary of State so determines in the case of a person
who has been remunerated under paragraph 2 above, he shall pay
such pension to or in respect of that person, or make such payments
towards the provision of such a pension, as he (the Secretary of
State) may determine .
4. If a person in receipt of remuneration under that paragraph
ceases to hold the office by virtue of which he receives it, and it
appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances
which make it right that that person should receive compensation,
that person shall be paid a sum of such amount as the Secretary of
State may determine.
5. In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Dis- 1975 c. 24.
qualification Act 1975 , the following shall be inserted at the appro-
priate place in alphabetical order-
" Chairman of any of the Consultative Councils established,
under sections 7 and 7A of the Electricity Act 1947, for the
areas of Area Boards or the districts of the North of Scotland
Hydro-Electric Board and the South of Scotland Electricity
Board. "
1619
Councils ' administration, personnel etc.
6. A Council may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
State as to numbers, appoint such officers as appear to the Council
to be requisite for the performance of their functions, including
those of any committee or individual appointed under section 7( 9)
or 7A(8) of the Electricity Act 1947 (scheme for Council's repre-
sentation at local level).
7. The Secretary of State shall provide the Councils with funds
wherewith to pay-
(a ) to their members, and to members of any such committeee,
or to any such individual, as is mentioned above such
travelling and other allowances ; and
(b ) to the officers of a Council, such remuneration, and such
travelling and other allowances,
as the Secretary of State may determine, and wherewith also to
defray such other expenses in connection with their functions as he
may determine to be appropriate ; and he may make arrangements
for Councils to be provided with office accommodation.
8 .- ( 1 ) There shall be paid such pensions, or arrangements shall
be made for the payment of such pensions, to or in respect of
persons who are or have been officers of Consultative Councils as
the Secretary of State may determine .
1620 SCH. 3
1947 с. 54.
1972 с. 60.
c . 55 Statutory Corporations ( Financial Provisions) Act 1975
( 2 ) AConsultative Council may, if the Secretary of State determines
that they should do so, assume in respect of such persons as are
referred to in sub- paragraph (1) above any liabilities incurred by
the Electricity Council, anArea Board, the North of Scotland Hydro-
Electric Board or the South of Scotland Electricity Board ( as the case
may be ) under or in pursuance of section 54 of the Electricity Act
1947.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall provide Consultative Councils
with funds wherewith to pay pensions under sub-paragraph (1)
above or to finance any arrangements under that sub-paragraph, and
to discharge any liabilities assumed by Councils under sub-para-
graph ( 2 ).
Supplementary
9.- (1) The consent of the Minister for the Civil Service shall
be required for any determination or approval by the Secretary of
State under the foregoing paragraphs.
( 2) In this Part of this Schedule " pension " includes allowance
and gratuity payable on retirement or otherwise.
PART II
GAS INDUSTRY
10. Schedule 3 to the Gas Act 1972 is amended in accordance
with the following paragraphs .
11. In paragraph 2 of the Schedule-
( a ) for sub- paragraph ( 3) substitute-
" ( 3) Any of the said Councils may, if the Secretary of
State determines that they should do so, assume in
respect of any such persons as are referred to in sub-para-
graph (2) above any liabilities incurred by the Corpora-
tion under or in pursuance of section 36(1) of this Act " ;
( b) after sub-paragraph ( 4 ) insert-
" (4A) The Secretary of State may make arrangements
for Councils to be provided with office accommodation " .
12. For paragraph 3 of the Schedule substitute-
" 3.- (1) The payments to be made under paragraph 1
above-
( a ) in respect of the remuneration of the chairman of any
of the Councils there mentioned ; and
( b ) in respect of the chairman's pension or otherwise under
sub - paragraph (3) of that paragraph,
shall be made by the Secretary of State ; and other payments
under or in pursuance of paragraphs 1 and 2 above shall be
made by Councils from funds provided by the Secretary of
State.
( 2 ) The consent of the Minister for the Civil Service shall be
required for any determination or approval by the Secretary
of State under paragraphs 1 and 2 above.
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions ) Act 1975 c. 55 1621
( 3) In those paragraphs " pension " includes allowance and
gratuity payable on retirement or otherwise " .
13. In paragraph 7 of the Schedule for " the Corporation " sub-
stitute " the Secretary of State ".
SCH . 3
SCHEDULE 4
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENT OF ENACTMENTS
The Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland ) Act
1943 ( c. 32 )
1. In the Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland ) Act 1943, in
Section 7(1 ) .
section 12-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning to
" money" substitute the words "Subject to the provisions of
this section, the Scottish Electricity Boards may, with the
consent of the Secretary of State ( which shall require the
approval of the Treasury) and subject to regulations to be
made by the Secretary of State with the approval of the
Treasury, borrow money in sterling or foreign currency from
any source whether within or outwith the United
Kingdom, " ;
(b) at the end of the section add the following subsections-
" ( 4) The amount outstanding in respect of the principal
of any sums of foreign currency borrowed under this
section or section 3 of the Gas and Electricity Act 1968
and of any sums of sterling borrowed from outwith the
United Kingdom under this section shall be included in the
aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of loans
raised by the Scottish Electricity Boards which is subject
to the limit imposed by section 47( 7 ) of the Electricity
Act 1947 ; but this subsection shall not prevent the Scot-
tish Electricity Boards from borrowing in excess of the
said limit for the purpose of repaying the principal of any
such sums borrowed by them under this section or the
said section 3 or for the purpose of redeeming any
securities issued under either of those sections which they
are required or entitled to redeem.
( 5 ) Nothing in this section shall be taken as exempting
the Scottish Electricity Boards from the provisions of
any order under section 1 of the Borrowing (Control
and Guarantees) Act 1946 or from the provisions of the
Exchange Control Act 1947.
( 6) The repeal by the Statutory Corporations (Financial
Provisions) Act 1975 of section 3 of the Gas and Elec-
tricity Act 1968 shall not affect anything done or any
right established under that section before the passing
of the said Act of 1975. " .
The Coal Industry Act 1965 (c. 82)
2. In the Coal Industry Act 1965, in section 1( 2A ) (inserted by
section 4( 1) (b) of the Coal Industry Act 1971) for the words " may, 1971 c. 16.
1622 c. 55 Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions ) Act 1975
SCH. 4
1969 с. 45.
from such person and on such terms as he may with the approval
of the Treasury specify " substitute the words " ( which shall require
the approval of the Treasury) may ".
The Iron and Steel Act 1967 (c. 17 )
3. In the Iron and Steel Act 1967-
( a ) in section 19(2A) (inserted by section 7( 1) of the Iron and
Steel Act 1969) for the words " may, from such person
and on such terms as he may, with the approval of the
Treasury, specify " substitute the words " ( which shall
require the approval of the Treasury) may ” ;
( b) in section 19( 3) ( as substituted by section 7( 2) of the Iron
and Steel Act 1969), in paragraph ( b), for the words " from
such person and on such terms as the Minister may, with
the approval of the Treasury, specify " substitute the words
" ( which shall require the approval of the Treasury ) ".
The Gas and Electricity Act 1968 (c. 39)
4. In the Gas and Electricity Act 1968-
( a ) in section 2( 1), for the words " borrow, from such persons
and on such terms as the Minister may, with the approval
of the Treasury, from time to time specify " substitute the
words " with the consent of the Secretary of State ( which
shall require the approval of the Treasury ) , borrow " ;
(b ) in section 2( 3) after " guarantees) " insert " and section " .
The Post Office Act 1969 (с. 48)
5. In the Post Office Act 1969, in section 35( 3) , for the words
" may, from such person and on such terms as he may, with the
approval of the Treasury specify " substitute the words " (which shall
require the approval of the Treasury ) may " .
The Civil Aviation Act 1971 (c. 75)
6. In the Civil Aviation Act 1971-
( a ) in section 8, in subsection (3), omit the words " from such
persons and on such terms as the Secretary of State may
from time to time specify ", and in subsection ( 4 ) omit
the words " or specify any person or terms " ;
( b ) in section 41, in subsection ( 3) , for the words " borrow,
from such persons and on such terms as the Secretary of
State may from time to time specify " substitute the words
" with the consent of the Secretary of State, borrow " and
"
in subsection ( 5 ) omit the words or specify any person
or terms ".
The Airports Authority Act 1972 ( c. 8)
7. In the Airports Authority Act 1972, in section 2(1) for the words
" borrow, from such persons and on such terms as the Secretary
of State may with the approval of the Treasury from time to time
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions ) Act 1975 c. 55 1623
specify " substitute the words " with the consent of the Secretary
of State ( which shall require the approval of the Treasury ),
borrow".
The Housing Act 1974 ( c. 44 )
8. In the Housing Act 1974, in section 7, for subsection ( 4 )
substitute-
" ( 4) The Corporation may, with the consent of the Secretary
of State, borrow-
( a ) from the European Investment Bank or the Commission
of the European Communities, sums in any currency ;
and
( b ) from any other person, sums in a currency other than
sterling. "
SCH. 4
1624 c. 55 Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions ) Act 1975
Section 7( 2 ) . SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 54.
Electricity Act 1947.
In section 7, subsections (10),
(11 ) and (11A ).
In section 7A, subsections ( 9),
( 10 ) and (11).
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. Electricity Reorganisation
c. 60. ( Scotland ) Act 1954.
In Part I of Schedule 1, the
specific adaptation of section
12 of the Hydro-Electric
Development (Scotland ) Act
1943.
1967 с. 33. Air Corporations Act In section 10 ( 3) the word
1967.
" temporary " (in paragraph
( b )), and paragraph (c) .
1968 с. 39. Gas and Electricity Act In section 2( 3) the words " and
1968. 19 ( central guarantee fund) " .
Section 3.
1971 с. 75. Civil Aviation Act 1971. In section 8, in subsection ( 3)
the words " from such persons
and on such terms as the
Secretary of State may from
time to time specify " ; and in
subsection ( 4) the words " or
specify any person or terms ".
In section 41(5), the words " or
specify any person or terms " .
1972 с. 12.
1972 с. 60. Iron and Steel Act 1972. Section 1(3) .
Gas Act 1972.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 1 ,
the words " with the consent
of the Minister for the Civil
Service " , wherever they occur.
1974 с. 8. Statutory Corporations
( Financial Provisions)
Act 1974.
Sections 1 to 3 .
Section 5(1) .
Schedule 1 .
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 2,
the amendments of section
12(1) of the Hydro-Electric
Development (Scotland ) Act
1943 and section 3 of the Gas
and Electricity Act 1968.
c. 56 1625
Coal Industry Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 56
An Act to provide for grants to the National Coal Board
to meet expenditure under a scheme providing for
compensation for pneumoconiosis ; to enable the Board
to withdraw support to enable coal to be worked and to
work coal in former copyhold land; to make further
provision in relation to opencast operations ; and for
purposes connected therewith. [1st August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.-( 1) The Secretary of State may make, in accordance withGrants to
this section, grants out of money provided by Parliament towards National
expenditure incurred, whether before or after the commencement to meet
Coal Board
of this Act, by the National Coal Board (in this Act referred to expenditure
as " the Board ") under or for the purposes of the industry's under
pneumoconiosis compensation scheme. pneumo- coniosis
(2) The total of grants under this section shall not exceed compensation
£100 million.
scheme.(3) No grant shall be made under this section towards any
expenditure incurred by the Board in paying benefits under the
industry's pneumoconiosis compensation scheme to or in respect
of any person unless it appears to the Secretary of State-
(a) that that person became entitled before 1st October 1974,
in respect of pneumoconiosis contracted by him, to
such other description of benefit as, in accordance with
the scheme, qualifies him, or any other person in respect
of him, to benefit under the scheme ; or
Part II X
c . 56
1626 Coal Industry Act 1975
( b) that, in a case where paragraph (a) above does not apply,
pneumoconiosis contracted by that person would be
treated, for the purposes of a claim to any such other
description of benefit as is referred to in that paragraph,
as having developed on a date before 1st October 1974 .
( 4) In this section " the industry's pneumoconiosis compensa-
tion scheme " means-
( a ) the scheme set out in the Schedule to an agreement dated
13th September 1974 and made between the Board and
the National Union of Mineworkers, the National Asso-
ciation of Colliery Overmen Deputies and Shotfirers
and the British Association of Colliery Management ;
and
(b) any variation of that scheme ( whether operating by
way of amendment or replacement of that scheme or
otherwise) which is for the time being approved by the
Secretary of State, with the consent of the Treasury.
New right of
Board to
2.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and of Schedule
1 to this Act, so far as may be reasonably requisite for the
withdraw
working of any coal, the Board shall be entitled, after the expiry
support to
enable coal
of the period of three months beginning on the relevant date of
to be worked. publication of a notice under this section, to withdraw support
from any land to which the notice relates ( whether the coal con-
cerned lies under that land or under land adjacent to that land) ;
and on and after the commencement of this Act the right con-
ferred on the Board by this section shall have effect in substitution
for any right to withdraw support vested in or conferred on the
Board before that commencement under or by virtue of any
other enactment.
( 2) A notice under this section-
( a ) shall indicate the land to which it relates, either by
reference to a map or in such other manner as appears
to the Board to be appropriate in the circumstances of
the case, and
(b) shall state the Board's intention to exercise in relation
to that land the right conferred on the Board by this
section, and
(c ) shall be published-
(i ) in the London Gazette or, if the land to which the notice
relates is situated in Scotland, in the Edinburgh
Gazette ; and
(ii ) on two successive weeks in such newspapers circulating
in the locality concerned as appear to the Board to be
desirable for giving adequate publicity to the notice ;
and any reference in this section to the relevant date of publica
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1627
tion of a notice is a reference to the date on which the notice is
published in accordance with sub- paragraph (i ) or, if it is later,
is first published in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of para-
graph (c) above.
( 3) Not later than the relevant date of publication of a notice
under this section, the Board shall-
(a) serve a copy of the notice on every local planning autho-
rity in whose area or, in Scotland, on every planning
authority in whose district lies any part of the land to
which the notice relates, and
(b) post a copy or copies of the notice in some conspicuous
place or places on the land to which the notice relates,
and the reference in this subsection to a local planning authority
shall be construed, in relation to England and Wales, as if this
subsection were included in the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 c. 78.
1971 .
( 4) Subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act, where
damage to any land arises from the exercise of the right to
withdraw support conferred on the Board by this section, the
Board shall either-
( a ) pay proper compensation for the damage, or
( b) with the consent (which shall not be unreasonably with-
held) of the person who would otherwise be entitled
to the payment of compensation for the damage, make
good the damage to the reasonable satisfaction of that
person and without expense to him ;
and the obligation imposed on the Board by this subsection
shall extend to damage to buildings and works on that land,
whenever constructed .
( 5) In any case where, immediately before the commencement
of this Act, the Board or a licensee of the Board had a right to
withdraw support from any land-
(a) by virtue of paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the Coal 1938 c. 52.
Act 1938 (cases where rights to withdraw support were
annexed to coal or a mine of coal before the valuation
date ), or
(b) by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1943 c. 38.
1943 (rights to withdraw support from protected and
other land originally comprised in a coal-mining lease),
the Board shall be deemed to have published, on the date on
which this Act comes into operation, a notice under this section
relating to that land and, in relation to the withdrawal of support
from that land, subsection ( 1) above shall have effect with the
X 2
c. 56
1628 Coal Industry Act 1975
1938 с. 52.
substitution for the words " the expiry of the period of three
months beginning on the relevant date of publication of " of the
word " publishing " and, accordingly, subsections ( 2) ( c) and ( 3)
above shall not apply.
( 6 ) In any case where, before the commencement of this Act,
the Board or the Coal Commission have given public notice
under paragraph 6(2) of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1938 (notice
of first exercising a right to withdraw support or of granting
the benefit of such a right to another person ) relating to any land
under which there subsists at the commencement of this Act any
coal or a mine of coal, the Board shall be deemed to have
published, on the date on which this Act comes into operation,
a notice under this section relating to that land and, in relation
to the withdrawal of support from that land, subsection (1 ) above
shall have effect with the substitution for the words " the expiry
of the period of three months beginning on the relevant date of
publication of " of the word " publishing " and, accordingly,
subsections (2) (c) and (3) above shall not apply.
( 7) In any case where, by virtue of a licence granted by or
otherwise binding on the Board, any person other than the
Board exercises the right to withdraw support conferred on
the Board by this section, the existence of the licence shall not
affect any liability of the Board in respect of damage caused in
the exercise of that right ( but without prejudice to any right of
the Board to recover any expenditure from the licensee) .
( 8) Nothing in this section shall affect-
(a) any agreement binding on the Board immediately before
the commencement of this Act, being an agreement
made between the Board, the Coal Commission or a
coal owner and a person interested in any land whereby
the Board, the Coal Commission or the coal owner
agreed not to work any coal or (as the case may be) any
minerals or not to withdraw support from any land,
or
( b) any provision contained in a coal -mining lease which
is binding on the Board immediately before the com-
mencement of this Act and which prohibits the with-
drawal of support from any land specified in the lease,
or
( c) any restrictions, terms or conditions applicable to the
working of any coal-
(i) by virtue of an agreement binding on the Board
and entered into after 1st July 1942 and before the
commencement of this Act, or
c .56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1629
(ii) by virtue of an order made, whether before or
after the commencement of this Act under section 1
or section 7 of the Mines (Working Facilities and 1966 с. 4.
Support) Act 1966, or
(iii) by virtue of, or of any consent in relation to a
restriction imposed by, section 33 of the Coal Act 1938 с. 52 .
1938.
( d ) any such right as is referred to in section 34( 1) of the
Coal Act 1938 (statutory rights of the Crown, local
authorities, statutory undertakers, and other persons
to restrict the withdrawal of support etc.),
and in paragraph ( a ) above " coal owner " means the person
in whom the fee simple in the coal in question was for the
time being vested.
( 9) Nothing in this section shall confer on the Board any
right to withdraw support in connection with the working of coal
or mines of coal comprised in the land specified in section 43 ( 1 )
of the Coal Act 1938 (land in the Forest of Dean, etc. in which
the privileges of free miners are exercisable) .
(10 ) The following provisions of the Coal Act 1938 shall
have effect as if the preceding provisions of this section and
Schedule 1 to this Act were included in Part I of that Act,
namely, -
( a) section 42 (application of Part I to Crown and Duchy
land ) ;
( b) section 44 (interpretation of Part I) ;
( c ) section 45 (application of Part I to Scotland) ; and
( d ) section 55 (service of notices etc. ) .
3.-(1 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 5( 6 ) of the Coal Right of
Board to work
Act 1938 (interests of former copyholders which were preserved coal informer
after enfranchisement to be retained interests) where any coal copyhold
or a mine of coal vested in the Board is comprised in or lies land.
under land-
( a) which was formerly copyhold, and
( b) which is comprised in an area specified in a notice under
this section,
the Board shall have the like right to work that coal or, for
any coal- mining purpose, to use that mine as if they had
acquired all retained interests subsisting in that coal or mine
immediately before the commencement of this Act.
( 2) Before exercising their rights under subsection ( 1) above
with respect to land in any area the Board shall publish notice
of their intention to do so-
(a ) in the London Gazette, and
X3
c. 56
1630 Coal Industry Act 1975
( b ) on two successive weeks in such newspapers circulating
in the area concerned as appear to the Board to be
desirable for giving adequate publicity to their intention .
(3) Every notice under subsection (2) above-
(a ) shall indicate the area of land to which it relates either
by reference to a map or in such other manner as
appears to the Board to be appropriate in the circum-
stances of the case ;
(b) shall invite the owners of retained interests in coal or
any mine of coal comprised in or lying under land
in that area to give notice of their interests to the
Board within the period of twelve years beginning with
the date on which the notice under subsection (2)
above is first published ; and
( c) shall contain such other particulars as may be prescribed.
( 4) Where the Board-
( a) have published a notice under subsection (2) above, and
(b) have been given notice of a retained interest as men-
tioned in subsection (3) (b) above, and
( c) have begun to exercise the right conferred on them by
subsection ( 1 ) above in relation to any coal or a mine
of coal comprised in or lying under any land in which
the retained interest subsists,
then, in respect of that interest, the Board shall pay compensation
calculated by reference to the consideration which, on the date on
which they began to exercise the right referred to in paragraph (c)
above, would have been appropriate, as between a willing grantor
and a willing grantee, on a conveyance of that interest to the
Board ; and any dispute as to the amount of compensation pay-
able by the Board by virtue of this subsection shall be deter-
mined by the Lands Tribunal .
( 5) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
the provisions of this section .
(6) Where compensation is payable to any person under
subsection (4) above there shall be paid to him, in addition to
the compensation, any reasonable valuation expenses incurred
by him for the purpose of ascertaining the value, at the date
referred to in subsection (4) above, of the retained interest to
which the compensation relates, but this subsection is without
prejudice to the powers of the Lands Tribunal in respect of the
costs of proceedings before the Tribunal by virtue of subsection
( 4 ) above.
( 7 ) Subject to paragraph 9 of Schedule 2 to this Act , the
service of a notice under subsection (2) above shall not prevent
c . 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1631
the Board from acquiring by agreement any retained interest in
coal or a mine of coal comprised in or lying under land in the
area to which the notice relates.
(8) If, by virtue of an order under section 1 of the Mines 1966 c. 4.
(Working Facilities and Support) Act 1966 or of any agreement,
the Board are entitled immediately before the commencement
of this Act to work any coal or to use any mine of coal in
which a retained interest subsists at that time, then, if and so
long as the Board continue on and after the commencement
of this Act to be so entitled, nothing in the preceding provisions
of this section shall apply with respect to that coal or mine
of coal or to any retained interest therein ; and accordingly-
(a) in so far as any notice which is published under sub-
section (2) above at a time when the Board are so
entitled specifies an area which includes the land in or
under which that coal or mine of coal is comprised
or lies, so much of that land as consists of that coal
or mine of coal shall be deemed to be excluded from
that area ; and
(b) in so far as notice of a retained interest which is given
as mentioned in subsection (3) (b) above at a time when
the Board are so entitled relates to a retained interest
in any land in or under which that coal or mine of
coal is comprised or lies, for the purposes of determin-
ing the amount of any compensation payable under
subsection (4) above, that interest shall be treated as
not subsisting in that coal or mine of coal .
( 9) In this section and Schedule 2 to this Act " prescribed
"
means prescribed by the Secretary of State by regulations made
by statutory instrument ; and a statutory instrument containing
any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
(10) Section 42 of the Coal Act 1938 (application of Part I 1938 c. 52.
to Crown and Duchy Land) and, except in so far as it defines
66 prescribed ", section 44 of that Act ( interpretation of Part I)
shall have effect as if the preceding provisions of this section
and Schedule 2 to this Act were included in Part I of that Act.
4.-( 1 ) For subsections ( 1) to ( 4 ) of section 4 of the Opencast Compulsory
Coal Act 1958 (which provided for the making, within the period acquisition
of ten years beginning with the commencement of that Act, ofof rights over
66
compulsory rights orders known as opencast site orders " and land for
opencast
"
storage site orders ") there shall be substituted the following operations.
subsections : -
1958 с. 69.
" (1) For the purpose of facilitating the working of coal
by opencast operations, the Board may, by means of an
X4
c .56
1632 Coal Industry Act 1975
order (in this Act referred to as a " compulsory rights
order ") made by the Board and confirmed by the Secretary
of State, compulsorily acquire, in accordance with the
following provisions of this Part of this Act, temporary
rights of occupation and use of the whole or part of the
land comprised in an authorisation under section 1 of this
Act.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of Part III of this Act as
to the variation of orders, the period for which a com-
pulsory rights order has effect shall be a period-
( a ) beginning with the date on which the order becomes
operative ( in this Act referred to as " the operative
date"), and
( b) of such duration, not exceeding twenty years, as
may be specified in the order."
( 2) In consequence of the provisions of subsection ( 1) above,
1958 с. 69.
the Opencast Coal Act 1958 shall have effect subject to the
amendments in Schedule 3 to this Act.
New procedure 5.-(1) Subject to subsection (3) below, for section 15 of the
for suspending Opencast Coal Act 1958 (which provides for the suspension
public rights
of way affected
of certain public rights of way by the application of section 3
by opencast operations.
of either the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act
1946 or the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure ) ( Scot-
1946 с. 49.
land) Act 1947 ) there shall be substituted the following
1947 с. 42.
section: -
"Suspension ofcertain public rights of way 15.-( 1 ) Where an application is made to the
Secretary of State for an authorisation under section
1 of this Act and over any part of the land described
in the application as land which the Board will
require to occupy there subsists a public right of way,
not being a right enjoyable by vehicular traffic, there
may be included in the application for the authorisa-
tion an application for an order under this section
suspending the public right of way.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall not make an order
under this section suspending a right of way unless-
( a ) an application is made therefor in accord-
ance with subsection (1 ) above ;
(b ) he grants an authorisation under section 1
of this Act comprising the land over which
the right of way subsists ; and
( c ) he is satisfied either that a suitable alterna-
tive way will be made available by the
Board (whether on land comprised in the
authorisation or on other land) for use by
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1633
the public during the period for which the
order remains in force, or that the provision
of such an alternative way is not required.
( 3) An order under this section suspending a right
of way shall specify the date, which shall not be
earlier than the making of the order, with effect
from which the right is suspended.
( 4 ) Where an order has been made under this
section suspending a right of way, the Secretary of
State shall revoke the order-
( a) if no authorised operations have been carried
out in pursuance of the authorisation which
comprises the land over which the right
subsisted and the Secretary of State is
satisfied that there is no early prospect of
their being carried out ; or
(b) as soon after such operations have been
carried out as he is satisfied that it is no
longer necessary for the fulfilment of the
authorised purposes that the right of way
should be suspended.
( 5) An order under this section suspending a right
of way shall include such provisions as may appear
to the Secretary of State to be appropriate for
securing the reconstruction of the way on the restora-
tion of the land over which the right of way sub-
sisted immediately before the order was made.
(6 ) Where an authorisation is granted under
section 1 of this Act and an order is made under
this section suspending a right of way over land
comprised in the authorisation then, in connection
with the provision of such a suitable alternative way
as is referred to in subsection (2)(c) above, -
( a) the order under this section may provide
that, in so far as the carrying out of any
operations, or any change in the use of
land, involved in making the alternative
way available as mentioned in that sub-
section, or in permitting it to be used by the
public, constitutes development within the
meaning of the Planning Act, permission for
that development shall be deemed to be
granted under Part III of the Planning Act
subject to such conditions (if any) as may
be specified in the order ;
(b) where the order under this section includes
provisions in accordance with paragraph (a)
c . 56
1634 Coal Industry Act 1975
1971 с. 78.
1972 с. 52.
1958 с. 69.
above, subsection (3) of section 2 of this
Act shall apply in relation to those pro-
visions as it applies in relation to directions
given under that section ;
( c ) if a compulsory rights order referring to
the authorisation is made, then, in the
application to that order of subsection (5)
of section 5 of this Act, the authorised
purposes shall be taken to include the pur-
pose of making an alternative way available
for use by the public on land comprised
in the order, and the right exercisable in
accordance with the said subsection (5) , as
against all persons directly concerned, shall
include the right to permit the public to
use any way so made available ; and
(d ) if the land on which the alternative way is
to be made available is specified in the
order under this section and is land which
does not form part of, but is contiguous
with, the land comprised in the authorisa-
tion, a compulsory rights order referring
to the authorisation may include that land
as if it were part of the land comprised in
the authorisation.
(7 ) In this section ' the Planning Act ' means
the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 or, as
respects Scotland, the Town and Country Planning
(Scotland) Act 1972. "
( 2) For the purpose-
( a ) of giving effect to section 15 of the Opencast Coal Act
1958, as set out in subsection (1) above, and
(b) of securing that, before he grants an authorisation
under section 1 of that Act, the Secretary of State con-
siders every objection which is duly made and not with-
drawn,
Schedule 1 to that Act (procedure for granting authorisations)
shall have effect subject to the amendments in Schedule 4 to
thisAct.
(3) In any case where-
(a) before the commencement of this Act the Board have,
in accordance with any provision of paragraph 4 of
Schedule 1 to the Opencast Coal Act 1958, published
or served notice of an application for an authorisation
under section 1 of that Act, and
c . 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1635
( b) there subsists over any part of the land described in
the application as land which the Board will require to
occupy any such public right of way as is referred to in
subsection ( 1) of section 15 of that Act,
nothing in subsection ( 1) or subsection (2) above or in the
repeals effected by this Act shall affect the operation of that
Act or of any other enactment in relation to that application
or ( unless that application is rejected and a further application
is made after the commencement of this Act ) the suspension of
that right of way.
6.- ( 1) After section 23 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958 there Additional
shall be inserted the following section : -
compensation
on
" Additional
23A.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of re -occupation
compensa- tionon re-
this section, with a view to furthering the resump- after
occupation . tion of agriculture on land formerly comprised in a opencast
compulsory rights order, a person shall be entitled working .
to compensation by virtue of this section in respect 1958 c. 69.
of a holding to which section 21 of this Act applies
if he is in occupation of the holding at the end of the
period of occupation or if he enters into occupation
of the holding at or after the end of that period,
provided that he is occupying the holding or (as the
case may be) he enters into occupation of the hold-
ing wholly or mainly for the purposes of agriculture
carried on by way of a trade or business .
( 2) No compensation shall be payable to a person
by virtue of this section unless he is either the person
who, immediately before the operative date of the
compulsory rights order, was entitled to occupy the
holding (in this subsection referred to as " the
original occupier ") or a person who, before the end
of the period of occupation, became entitled to the
relevant interest in the holding in accordance with
the disposition of the original occupier's estate
effected by his will, or the law relating to intestacy, or
the combination of his will and that law.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above-
" the relevant interest " , in relation to any
person, means the interest by virtue of
which he became entitled to occupy the
holding (or would have become so entitled
if the compulsory rights order had not been
made ) ; and
" will " includes a codicil.
c. 56
1636 Coal Industry Act 1975
( 4 ) The compensation payable in respect of a
holding by virtue of this section shall be payable
by the Board and, subject to the following provisions
of this section, shall be an amount equal to the com-
pensation payable in respect of that holding under
sections 18 and 19 of this Act for the last twelve
months of the period of occupation.
( 5) Subject to the following provisions of this
section, in any case where the compensation last
payable in respect of a holding under sections 18
and 19 was in fact payable by reference to a period
of less than twelve months, the compensation pay-
able in respect of that holding by virtue of this
section shall be an amount equal to the compensation
which was so payable under sections 18 and 19,
multiplied by the fraction of which the numerator is
365 and the denominator is the number of days in
the period by reference to which the compensation
was so payable under those sections .
(6) Where the person entitled, immediately after
the end of the period of occupation, to occupy the
holding concerned ceases, before he enters into
occupation, to be entitled to occupy some part of
it then, subject to subsection ( 7) below, -
( a) his entry into occupation of the part which
he remains entitled to occupy shall be
treated for the purposes of subsection (1 )
above as entry into occupation of the
holding ; but
( b) the compensation payable to him by virtue
of this section shall be such proportion of
the compensation which would have been
so payable had he remained entitled to enter
into occupation of the whole of the holding
as is properly attributable to the part of
the holding which he remains entitled to
оссиру.
( 7) If, immediately before the end of the period
of occupation, only part of the holding concerned (in
this subsection referred to as " the compensatable
portion ") was comprised in the compulsory rights
order and (after the end of the period of occupation)
subsection (6) above applies, then-
(a) if the part of the holding which the person
concerned ceased to be entitled to occupy
comprises the whole of the compensatable
portion, no compensation shall be payable
to him by virtue of this section ;
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1637
(b) if the person concerned remains entitled to
occupy the whole of the compensatable
portion, the compensation so payable to
him shall not be reduced under paragraph
(b) of subsection (6) above ; and
( c) in any other case, for the purpose of deter-
mining the proportion of the compensation
properly attributable to any part of the
holding under paragraph (b) of subsection
( 6) above, the holding shall be treated as
consisting of the compensatable portion
only. "
( 2 ) In section 35 of the Opencast Coal Act 1958 (time when 1958 c. 69.
compensation accrues due) after subsection ( 4 ) there shall be
inserted the following subsection : -
66 ( 4A ) Any compensation payable under section 23A of
this Act shall accrue due on the date when the person
entitled to compensation enters into occupation, if after the
end of the period of occupation, and at the end of the
period of occupation in any other case."
( 3) In Schedule 6 to that Act (application of compensation
provisions to special cases), after paragraph 4 there shall be
inserted the following paragraph-
" 4A. Where a compulsory rights order comprises the
whole or part of a holding to which section 21 of this Act
applies, and at the end of the period of occupation one
person is entitled to occupy part of that holding and
another person is entitled to occupy another part of that
holding, each of those parts of the holding shall be treated
for the purposes of section 23A of this Act as if it were a
separate holding, and were a holding to which section 21
of this Act applied. "
7.-( 1) Without prejudice to the operation of section 38 of Savings,
the Interpretation Act 1889 ( effect of repeals) nothing in this transitional
Act shall affect the continued operation of any enactment provisions
repealed by this Act in relation to a case where, after the 1889 с. 63.
and repeals.
commencement of this Act, damage is caused to land by the
working of coal, within the meaning of the Coal Act 1938, 1938 с. 52.
before that commencement in exercise of a right to withdraw
support then in existence.
( 2 ) If, in a case where subsection (6) of section 2 of this Act
applies, -
( a) notification of a proposal to construct any buildings or
works has been given under paragraph 6(3)(a) of
Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1938, and
c . 56
1638 Coal Industry Act 1975
1938 с. 52.
1946 с. 49.
1947 с. 42.
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
( b) the construction of those buildings or works has not been
completed ( whether or not it has been begun) before
the commencement of this Act, and
( c ) paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this Act does not apply,
paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Act shall apply in relation
to those buildings or works (whether or not their construction
is begun before the commencement of this Act ), as if this Act
had come into operation immediately before the giving of the
notification and, accordingly, as if the notification given and
any request made or other thing done in relation to those buildings
or works under paragraph 6( 3) of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act
1938 had been given, made or done under the corresponding
provision of paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 3) Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of section 3
of-
( a) the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) Act
1946, or
(b ) the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)
( Scotland ) Act 1947,
in any case where an order under that section was made, or
notice of such an order was published, before the commence-
ment of this Act.
( 4) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule.
8.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Coal Industry Act 1975.
( 2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiry of the
period of one month beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
(3) Section 3 of this Act does not extend to Scotland.
( 4 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c.56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1639
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS RELATING TO RIGHT TO
WITHDRAW SUPPORT
1 .- (1) Subject to paragraph 3 below, the provisions of this para-
graph shall apply in any case where the construction of any buildings
or works is to be begun on land to which a notice under section 2
of this Act relates, other than a notice which is deemed to have
been published by virtue of subsection (5 ) of that section.
( 2 ) Before the construction of the buildings or works is begun,
the person at whose expense they are to be constructed (in this parа-
graph referred to as " the building owner " ) shall notify the Board
of the proposal to construct them, and shall, if so requested by the
Board within fourteen days from the receipt by them of the notice,
produce for the inspection of a person duly authorised by them in
that behalf plans and specifications of the buildings or works showing
their design and the proposed materials for and method of construc-
tion of their foundations, and shall, if so requested within that period
or within seven days after the plans and specifications have been
produced in accordance with the preceding provisions of this sub-
paragraph, furnish the Board with copies of any such plans or
specifications.
( 3) At any time within twenty- eight days from the time when
any request made by the Board with respect to the production or
furnishing of copies of the plans and specifications has been com-
plied with, or within such further period as the building owner
may allow, the Board may make such proposals as to the
materials for and the method of construction of the foundations as
appear to them to be desirable for minimising damage in the event
of subsidence and, if they do so, and the foundations are constructed
otherwise than in accordance with the Board's proposals, the obliga-
tion to pay compensation or to make good under section 2( 4) of
this Act shall be limited so as not to extend to any damage that
would have been avoided if they had been so constructed.
( 4 ) The Board shall have the right to have the foundations in-
spected by a person duly authorised by them in that behalf from
time to time during their construction as that person may reasonably
require, and if it is alleged by the Board that the foundations are
being constructed otherwise than in accordance with any plans or
specifications produced or furnished to them, or otherwise than in
accordance with any such plans or specifications as modified in
accordance with proposals made by the Board ( as the case may be),
the Board shall notify the building owner of the matter alleged to
constitute a departure therefrom, and any question arising in relation
to any such allegation shall be determined by arbitration.
( 5 ) The Board shall pay all costs reasonably incurred by the
building owner in the production or furnishing of copies of plans
and specifications pursuant to a request made by the Board under this
paragraph, and the amount of any addition to the expense incurred
Section 2.
c . 56
1640 Coal Industry Act 1975
SCH. 1 1938 с. 52.
1943 с. 38.
by him in constructing the buildings or works which is attributable
to giving effect to the Board's proposals or to any postponement or
interruption of the construction consequent upon an allegation on
the part of the Board of a departure from plans and specifications
which is determined not to have been well founded, and any question
as to the subsistence of a liability of the Board by virtue
of this provision, or as to the amount payable by them in respect
of any such liability shall be determined by the Lands Tribunal or,
if the land concerned is in Scotland, the Lands Tribunal for
Scotland.
( 6) If the building owner fails to give notice to the Board in
accordance with this paragraph of the proposal to construct the
buildings or works or fails to comply with a request made by the
Board thereunder, the obligation to pay compensation or to make
good under section 2( 4) of this Act shall be limited to damage
which could not have been avoided by reasonable and proper
precautions taken in the design and construction of the foundations
to minimise damage in the event of subsidence.
2. In any case where-
( a ) immediately before the commencement of this Act the Board
had a right to withdraw support from any land by virtue
of paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1938,
including that paragraph as applied by paragraph 1( 2) of
Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1943, and
( b) after the commencement of this Act that land is damaged
by the working of coal in exercise of the right to withdraw
support conferred on the Board by section 2 of this Act,
any person interested in that land may claim compensation for the
damage in accordance with the terms and conditions relating to
compensation which were applicable before the commencement of
this Act to the right to withdraw support referred to in sub-
paragraph (a) above ; but no person shall be entitled both to receive
compensation for any damage under this paragraph and to receive
compensation for that damage, or have that damage made good,
under section 2( 4) of this Act.
3. In any case where-
( a ) before the commencement of this Act, public notice was
given in relation to any land under sub-paragraph (2) of
paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1938 (in the
following provisions of this paragraph referred to as
paragraph 6 ") , and66
(b ) at any time between the first publication of that notice
and the commencement of this Act, the construction began
of any buildings or works on land to which the notice
applied, and
( c ) immediately before the commencement of this Act, the
obligation of the Board under sub-paragraph (1) of para-
graph 6 in relation to those buildings or works was limited
as mentioned in paragraph (b) or paragraph ( e ) of sub-
paragraph (3) of paragraph 6 ( which contained provisions
similar to sub-paragraphs ( 3) and (6 ) of paragraph 1 above),
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1641
the obligation of the Board, in relation to those buildings or works,
SCH. 1
to pay compensation or make good any damage under section 2( 4 )
of this Act shall be limited as mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 3) or,
as the case may require, sub-paragraph ( 6 ) of paragraph 1 above.
4.- (1) Any question as to the subsistence by virtue of section 2 of
this Act or of any of the preceding provisions of this Schedule of an
obligation to pay proper compensation for or make good any damage
or as to the rights or liabilities of any person in respect of the enforce-
ment of any such obligation and any question as to the amount of
any compensation payable under section 2( 4 ) of this Act or para-
graph 2 above shall be determined by the Lands Tribunal or, if the
land concerned is in Scotland, the Lands Tribunal for Scotland.
5.- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, on an application under
section 7 of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support ) Act 1966 1966 с. 4.
( imposition of restrictions on the working of minerals where a person
having an interest in land is not entitled to support or to sufficient
support for buildings or works), the applicant shall not be required
to pay or give any compensation or consideration in respect of the
imposition of restrictions appearing to the court to be justified by
the existence of the right to withdraw support conferred on the Board
by section 2 of this Act.
(2 ) Sub -paragraph (1) above shall not apply in any case falling
within subsection (5 )(a) of section 2 of this Act and shall not apply
in any other case, other than one falling within subsection (5)(b) of
that section, unless the application is sent to the Secretary of State
before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date
of the first publication of a notice under that section relating to the
land to which the application relates or, in a case falling within
subsection (6) of that section, the first publication of the notice under
paragraph 6 of Schedule 2 to the Coal Act 1938 referred to in that 1938 с. 52.
subsection.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in section 12 of the Mines ( Working
Facilities and Support ) Act 1966, restrictions the imposition of which
appears to the court to be justified as mentioned in sub-paragraph
(1) above may be imposed under section 7 of that Act on the applica-
tion of, and so as to vest the right to enforce the restrictions in,
any such company, authority or body as is mentioned in section 12 ;
and such restrictions may be so imposed on the application of, and
so as to vest the right to enforce the restrictions in , any company
or other body or person carrying on an undertaking primarily for
the supply of gas, electricity, water or hydraulic power for public
purposes or to members of the public.
SCHEDULE 2
RETAINED INTERESTS : NOTICES AND COMPENSATION
1. The provisions of this Schedule apply where a person ( in this
Schedule referred to as " the claimant " ) gives to the Board notice
of a retained interest as mentioned in section 3(3)(b) of this Act (in
this Schedule referred to as a " retained interest notice ") .
Section 3.
c. 56
1642 Coal Industry Act 1975
SCH. 2 2.- (1 ) Together with a retained interest notice given by him to the
Board the claimant shall furnish to the Board adequate proof of his
title to the interest at the time the notice is given.
( 2) Within the period of three months beginning on the date on
which the Board receive a retained interest notice or within such
longer period as may be agreed between the Board and the claimant
the Board shall serve on the claimant either-
(a ) a notice in the prescribed form accepting his title to the
retained interest and acknowledging the obligation of the
Board to pay compensation in respect of it under section
3 of this Act ; or
(b) a notice rejecting the claimant's retained interest notice ;
and in this Schedule a notice under paragraph (a ) above is referred
to as an " acceptance notice " and a notice under paragraph (b)
above is referred to as a rejection notice ".66
( 3) A rejection notice shall specify the ground or grounds on which
the Board reject the claimant's retained interest notice.
3. Subject to paragraph 5 below, as soon as practicable after
the Board have served an acceptance notice on a claimant, the
Board shall pay to the claimant any reasonable legal expenses
incurred by him for the purposes of-
( a ) establishing his ownership of the retained interest to which
the acceptance notice relates ; and
(b ) giving the retained interest notice by virtue of which the
acceptance notice came to be served.
4. Subject to paragraph 5 below, where, after the receipt of a
retained interest notice, the Board have served an acceptance notice
in respect of the retained interest concerned, the service of that
acceptance notice shall be a valid ground for the service of a rejection
notice in respect of any other retained interest notice received by the
Board after the first-mentioned notice and relating to any of the land
in which subsists the retained interest in respect of which the
acceptance notice was served.
5.- (1 ) A claimant who-
( a) has served a retained interest notice relating to any land (in
this paragraph referred to as " the relevant land ") ; and
(b ) is aggrieved by the service on him of a rejection notice
relating to his retained interest notice, other than a rejection
notice served pursuant to an order under this paragraph,
may, within the period of 3 months beginning on the date of service
of the rejection notice make an application to the county court for an
order directing the Board to withdraw the rejection notice and to
serve an acceptance notice in respect of the retained interest which
he claims.
( 2 ) On an application under this paragraph, the court may direct
that, in addition to the applicant and the Board, any other person
who has given a retained interest notice relating to the whole or part
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1643
of any of the relevant land shall be made a party to the application
unless-
(a ) the Board have already served a rejection notice in respect
of that person's retained interest notice ; and
( b) the time within which he might have made an application
under this paragaph in respect of that rejection notice has
expired without such an application having been made.
( 3) On an application under this paragraph the court shall deter-
mine whether-
(a ) the applicant, or
( b) any other party to the application who contests the appli-
cant's claim, or
( c ) any other person (whether a party to the application or not )
on whom the Board have served an acceptance notice relat-
ing to the whole or any part of the relevant land,
was at the time he gave his retained interest notice entitled to a
retained interest in the whole or any part of the relevant land and
shall order the Board (so far as they have not already done so ) to
serve an acceptance notice on that person or, if more than one of
them were so entitled to a retained interest in the same piece of land,
on that one of them whose retained interest notice was given first.
( 4 ) An order under sub-paragraph ( 3) above may contain such pro-
visions as the court considers appropriate to secure-
( a ) that a rejection notice is or has been served on every party
to the application (other than the Board) on whom an accept-
ance notice is not ordered to be or has not been served ; and
( b) that, where it appears to the court that an acceptance notice
has been served which should not have been served, that
notice is cancelled and that the Board bring the cancellation
to the notice of the person who, if the notice had not been
cancelled, would for the time being have been entitled to
receive compensation under section 3( 4) of this Act in respect
of the interest to which the acceptance notice related.
( 5 ) If, in accordance with sub-paragraph (4 ) above, the court
orders the cancellation of an acceptance notice, it shall be con-
clusively presumed for the purposes of section 3 of this Act and
of the provisions of this Schedule other than this paragraph-
(a ) that the person on whom the acceptance notice was served
did not have a retained interest in the relevant land at the
time he served his retained interest notice ; and
( b) that the Board served a rejection notice in respect of that
retained interest notice.
( 6 ) Nothing in paragraph 3 above shall affect the power of the
court on an application under this paragraph (or in any sub-
sequent proceedings) to make such order as to costs as it thinks fit ;
and any such order may make such modifications, if any, of the
Board's obligation under paragraph 3 above as appear to the court
to be just in the light of the other provisions as to costs contained
in the order.
SCH. 2
c. 56
1644 Coal Industry Act 1975
SCH. 2 6. The person having the right to receive compensation under
section 3(4) of this Act in respect of a retained interest to which
an acceptance notice relates shall be the person on whom that
notice was served, notwithstanding that he may not own the
retained interest at the time when the compensation becomes payable
and, accordingly, that right shall devolve on his death and may be
assigned in like manner as the right of a creditor under an unsecured
debt.
7. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 6 above if , at the time
at which compensation becomes payable in respect of a retained
interest, the Board pay compensation in good faith to the person
who produces the acceptance notice relating to that interest, the
surrender of that notice to the Board by way of receipt for the com-
pensation shall constitute an adequate discharge to the Board of
their liability to pay that compensation, without any further proof
that the person producing the acceptance notice is entitled in accord-
ance with paragraph 6 above to receive the compensation.
8. If at any time-
(a ) after the Board have served an acceptance notice in respect
of a retained interest, and
( b) before the date on which compensation becomes payable in
respect of that interest,
the Board enter into an agreement in that behalf with the person
who for the time being has the right to receive any such com-
pensation, then, on payment to that person of such consideration
as may be agreed, the Board shall be relieved of any contingent
liability under subsection ( 4) or subsection (6 ) of section 3 of this
Act in respect of that retained interest; and where any such agree-
ment is entered into, paragraph 7 above shall apply in relation to the
payment of the consideration agreed as it applies in relation to a
payment of compensation at the time referred to in that paragraph.
9. Without prejudice to paragraph 8 above, at any time after the
Board have served an acceptance notice in respect of a retained
interest, they shall cease to be entitled to acquire by agreement that
interest or any other retained interest in coal or a mine of coal
comprised in or lying under any of the land in which subsists the
retained interest to which the acceptance notice relates.
10.- (1) The Board shall keep, at such places as may be prescribed,
a record of-
( a ) all retained interest notices given to the Board and all
acceptance notices and rejection notices served by them,
and
(b ) all sums paid by way of compensation under section 3( 4) of
thisAct,
and that record shall contain a description of the land in which
subsists the retained interest (or in the case of a rejection notice,
the claimed retained interest ) to which each such notice or payment
relates sufficient to enable the land to be identified
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1645
( 2 ) The record kept under this paragraph shall be open to public
SCH. 2
inspection at all reasonable hours, and different places may be
prescribed for the keeping of the record relating to retained interests
in different areas .
11. Section 55 of the Coal Act 1938 (service of notices, etc. ) shall 1938 с. 52
have effect as if the provisions of this Schedule were included in that
Act .
SCHEDULE 3
AMENDMENTS OF OPENCAST COAL ACT 1958 CONSEQUENTIAL
ON SECTION 4
1. In section 4( 6 ) the words " being an opencast site order " shall
be omitted.
66
2. In section 5 for the words an opencast site order", in each
place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " a
compulsory rights order ".
3. Section 6 shall cease to have effect.
4.- (1) In section 7, in subsection (1) the words " or in accordance
with subsection ( 3) of section six of this Act " shall be omitted.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) of that section the words " In relation to an
opencast site order " shall be omitted.
66
( 3) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section the words from or of" to
the end of the subsection shall be omitted.
( 4 ) In subsection ( 6 ) of that section the words
66 or section six
of this Act " shall be omitted.
( 5 ) In subsection ( 7 ) of that section the words
66
or in subsection
( 4) of section six of this Act " shall be omitted.
5.- (1) In section 8, in subsection (1) the words " (whether it is an
opencast site order or a storage site order ) " shall be omitted.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) (b) of that section the words " or subsection ( 2)
of section six of this Act, as the case may be " shall be omitted.
6. In section 9 for the words 66
an opencast site order ", in each
place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words 66
a com-
pulsory rights order".
7. In section 36, in subsection ( 2 ) for the words 66
an opencast
site order ", in the first place where they occur, there shall be sub-
66
stituted the words any compulsory rights order " and the words
"
opencast site ", where they occur in the proviso to the subsection,
shall be omitted.
8. In section 49, for the proviso to subsection (5 ) there shall be
substituted the following proviso : -
" Provided that where the period specified in the order is less
than twenty years, this subsection shall not prevent the variation
Section4 .
1958 с. 69.
c . 56
1646 Coal Industry Act 1975
SCH. 3
of the order by the extension of that period, if the period as
extended does not exceed twenty years ".
9. In section 51(1) the definitions of " opencast site order " and
"
storage site order " shall be omitted and in each of the definitions
of " period of occupation " and " persons directly concerned " for the
words following " assigned to it " there shall be substituted the words
by section 5 of this Act ".66
10. In paragraph 5(1) of Schedule 2, for the words 66
an opencast
site order " there shall be substituted the words " acompulsory rights
order ".
11. In Schedule 10, paragraph 12 shall be omitted ,
Section 5.
1958 с. 69.
SCHEDULE 4
SUSPENSION OF PUBLIC RIGHTS OF WAY : AMENDMENTS OF
SCHEDULE 1 TO OPENCAST COAL Aст 1958
1. At the end of paragraph 2 of the Schedule there shall be added
the words " and
( c ) in the case of an application which includes an application
for an order under section 15 of this Act, shall indicate, by
reference to the map, the right of way to which the applica-
tion relates and the alternative way (if any) which the Board
propose to make available ".
2. At the beginning of paragraph 4 of the Schedule there shall
be inserted " (1) " and at the end of that paragraph there shall be
added the following sub-paragraph : -
" (2) If the Board propose to include in an application for an
authorisation under section 1 of this Act an application for an
order under section 15 thereof, sub-paragraph (1) above shall
have effect as if-
(a ) any reference therein to the application for the authorisa-
tion included a reference to the application for the
order under section 15 ;
(b) the local authorities specified in paragraph (b) thereof
included the council of a parish or community and
the parish meeting of a parish which does not have a
separate parish council ; and
( c ) at the end of paragraph ( d ) thereof there were inserted
the following paragraph: -
' (e ) in any case where the application is to
include an application for an order under section 15
of this Act suspending a public right of way, cause
a copy of the notice referred to in paragraph (b) of
this paragraph to be displayed in a prominent posi-
tion at the ends of the public right of way to which
the application relates ' . "
c. 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1647
3.- (1 ) Paragraph 7 of the Schedule shall be amended in accord-
ance with the provisions of this paragraph .
( 2) In sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph for the words from
66
grant the authorisation" to the end of the sub -paragraph there shall
be substituted the words " after considering any other objections
which are duly made and not withdrawn-
( a ) grant the authorisation, and
(b ) where the application includes an application for an order
under section 15 of this Act, make such an order,
either in accordance with the Board's application or subject to such
modifications as he may determine ".
( 3) In sub- paragraph ( 2 ) of that paragraph after the words " any
objection " there shall be inserted the words " to the grant of the
authorisation is " after the words " lessee or occupier " there shall
be inserted the word " and " and for the words " the objection " there
shall be substituted the words " all objections to the grant of the
authorisation which are duly made and not withdrawn ".
( 4 ) At the end of sub-paragraph ( 2) of that paragraph there shall
be inserted the following sub-paragraphs : -
" (2A) If, in the case of an application which includes an
application for an order under section 15 of this Act, any objec-
tion to the making of the order is duly made by the council
of any such county or district or, in Scotland, by any such local
authority as is mentioned in paragraph 4(1) (b) of this Schedule
and is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall cause a public
local inquiry to be held and shall consider all objections to the
making of the order which are duly made and not withdrawn and
the report of the person who held the inquiry before determining
whether to make the order ; and if he determines to make the
order, he may do so either in accordance with the Board's appli-
cation or subject to such modification as he may determine.
( 2B) If, in a case where a public local inquiry is required
to be held by virtue of sub -paragraph (2) above, such an inquiry
is also required to be held by virtue of sub-paragraph (2A )
above the Secretary of State may direct that those inquiries ,
including, in a case falling within paragraph 6 of this Schedule,
any inquiry relating to a compulsory rights order on which pro-
ceedings are to be taken concurrently with the proceedings
relating to the application for an authorisation, shall be held
concurrently. "
( 5 ) In sub -paragraph (3) of that paragraph for the words " the
last preceding sub- paragraph " there shall be substituted the words
"
sub- paragraphs (2) and (2A ) above ", after the word " authorisa-
tion"there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, make
an order " and for the words " that sub-paragraph " there shall be
substituted the words " either or both of those sub-paragraphs " .
4. At the beginning of paragraph 8 of the Schedule there shall
be inserted " ( 1) " and at the end of that paragraph there shall be
added the following sub- paragraph : -
" (2 ) Where an order is made under section 15 of this Act,
SCH. 4
c . 56
1648 Coal Industry Act 1975
SCH. 4
Section 7( 4.)
sub - paragraph (1) above shall have effect in relation to the order
as if-
( a ) any reference therein to the authorisation were a refer-
ence to the order ;
( b) any reference therein to the grant of the authorisation
were a reference to the making of the order ; and
(c ) any reference to the relevant land were a reference both
to the right of way which is suspended by the order and
the alternative way which is to be made available as
mentioned in section 15( 2) ( c) of this Act. "
5. In paragraph 11 of the Schedule, for the words " paragraph 5 "
there shall be substituted the words " paragraphs 4(2)( b) and 5 " .
SCHEDULE 5
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
1& 2 Geo. 6. The Coal Act 1938.
In Schedule 2, Part II and, in
c . 52.
6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Coal Act 1943.
Part III, paragraph 8(c ).
Section 11.
c . 38.
Schedule 2.
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Acquisition of Land | In section 3, subsections ( 2) and
c.49. ( Authorisation Pro-
( 3) so far as not otherwise
cedure) Act 1946.
repealed.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Opencast Coal Act
c. 69.
1958.
In section 4 ( 6 ) the words .
being an opencast site66
order".
Section 6.
In section 7, in subsection (1 ),
the words " or in accordance
with subsection ( 3) of section
six of this Act " ; in subsection
( 3 ), the words " In relation to
an opencast site order " ; in
subsection (5), the words from
" or of" to the end of the
subsection; in subsection (6 ),
the words " or section six of
this Act " ; and in subsection
"
( 7 ), the words or in sub-
section (4 ) of section six of
thisAct".
In section 8, in subsection (1),
the words " (whether it is an
opencast site order or a
storage site order) "; and in
subsection (3)( b) the words
or subsection (2) of section
six of this Act, as the case
may be" .
In section 36( 2), the words
“
opencast site ", where they
!
occur in the proviso to the
subsection.
c . 56
Coal Industry Act 1975 1649
SCH . 5
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Opencast Coal Act In section 45, in subsection (3),
c. 69. -cont. 1958. -cont.
the words"section three ofthe
Acquisition of Land Act, as
applied by " ; and subsection
( 5 ).
In section 51(1 ) the definitions
of " opencast site order " and
" storage site order " .
In Schedule 10, paragraph 12.
1968 с. 41.
The Countryside Act 1968. In Schedule 3, in Part I, para-
graph 3 of the provisions
relating to the Acquisition of
Land ( Authorisation
Pro-
cedure ) Act 1946.
1971 с. 78. The Town and Country
Planning Act 1971 .
In Schedule 3, paragraph 8(c).
1650 c. 57
Remuneration, Charges and
Grants Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 57
An Act to limit liability for certain remuneration ; to
enable certain provisions of Part II of the Counter-
Inflation Act 1973 to be extended and to amend
section 2 of that Act; to enable grants to local
authorities to be reduced in certain circumstances ; to
enable housing subsidy to be increased and to provide
for a new grant to local authorities in Scotland ; and
for connected purposes. [ 1st August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Remuneration
1.-( 1 ) Where an employer limits the remuneration paid by
under existing him to any person for any period while this section is in force
agreements. and the limitation is no greater than necessary to keep the
remuneration within the limits imposed by the policy set out in
the document laid before Parliament by command of Her
Majesty in July 1975 (Cmnd. 6151) he shall not be liable for
breach of contract by reason only that the remuneration is less
than would, apart from this section, be payable under any
agreement entered into before the commencement of this Act.
(2) If Her Majesty at any time causes a document to be
laid before Parliament which sets out limits in addition to or in
substitution for those so imposed the Secretary of State may by
order made by statutory instrument add or substitute in sub-
section ( 1 ) above a reference to the limits set out in that docu-
ment, and that subsection shall then have effect accordingly ;
and similarly with any further such document laid before Parlia-
ment by command of her Majesty.
Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act 1975 c. 57
1651
( 3) An order under this section shall not be made unless a
draft of it has been laid before and approved by a resolution
of each House of Parliament.
( 4) A person in the service of the Crown shall not be able to
enforce a claim for remuneration in respect of that service which,
by reason of this section, he could not enforce if the remuneration
were in respect of employment by a private person.
(5) Any question arising under this section whether any
remuneration exceeds the limits mentioned therein shall be
referred to and determined by the Secretary of State.
2.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, section 1 of Duration of
this Act shall cease to be in force at the expiration of the period section
1 and
ending with 31st July 1976. ofcertain
provisions of
Counter-
( 2) Her Majesty may at any time by Order in Council termin- Inflation Act
ate the period for which section 1 of this Act is in force.
1973.
( 3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council—
(a) continue section 1 of this Act in force for a period
ending not later than 31st July 1977 ; and
(b ) if that section has ceased to be in force before that
date, bring it again into force for a period ending not
later than that date.
( 4) Her Majesty may by Order in Council continue, or, as
the case may be, again bring into force all or any of the
following provisions ( as amended ) of Part II of the Counter-
Inflation Act 1973, namely, sections 5, 6, 8, 9 and 10, for 1973 c. 9.
any period during which section 1 of this Act is in force ; and
accordingly section 4 of that Act (duration of Part II) shall have
effect subject to this section.
(5) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in
Council-
(a ) to make an Order under subsection (3) above ; or
(b) to make an Order under subsection (4) above extending
any provision beyond 31st July 1976 or bringing any
provision again into force for a period ending after
that date ;
unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament
and has been approved by resolution of each House of
Parliament.
1652 c. 57
Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act 1975
(6) A statutory instrument made under subsection ( 4 ) above
but not falling within subsection (5)(b) above shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
(7) Subsections ( 1) and (2) above shall not affect the opera-
tion of section 1 of this Act with respect to any period during
which it was in force ; and accordingly, to the extent that a
claim to remuneration could not be enforced while that section
was in force it shall remain unenforceable on the section ceasing
to be in force .
Price code.
1973 с. 9.
3.- ( 1 ) The changes made in the price code at a time when
section 1 of this Act is in force may include such changes as
appear to the Secretary of State appropriate to provide a sanction
against the payment of remuneration in excess of the limits
mentioned in that section and to enable questions whether any
remuneration exceeds those limits to be determined by the
Secretary of State.
( 2) In this section " the price code " means the code prepared
under section 2 of the Counter-Inflation Act 1973 .
Power to
4.- ( 1 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that any action
reduce certain
taken or likely to be taken by a local authority in Great Britain
grants to local authorities.
may result or has resulted in the payment, for any period during
which section 1 of this Act is in force, of any remuneration in
excess of the limits mentioned in that section he may, after
giving the authority an opportunity of making representations,
reduce and may, in the meantime, withhold, any sums payable
to the authority by way of rate support grant or grant under
1974 с. 7.
section 6 of the Local Government Act 1974 (supplementary
grants for transport purposes) .
(2) A reduction to be made in pursuance of this section shall
be certified by the Secretary of State and, so far as it is to be
made from rate support grant, may be made from any of the
elements of the grant .
(3) So far as any reduction to be made in pursuance of this
section cannot be made from the sums payable to a local
authority in the year in which the reduction is certified it may
be made from the sums so payable in any subsequent year .
( 4 ) For the purpose of distributing the rate support grant in
Scotland for any year, the Secretary of State may disregard the
amount of any remuneration paid in excess of the limits men-
tioned in section 1 of this Act and of any reduction certified by
him under subsection (2) above, whether the excess or the
reduction has occurred in that year or in the preceding year .
Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act 1975 c. 57 1653
(5) This section shall apply in relation to any action of the
London Transport Executive or of a Passenger Transport Execu-
tive as if it were the action of the Greater London Council or,
as the case may be, of the local authorities whose areas fall
wholly or partly within the area for which the Passenger Trans-
port Executive was established, or, if the Passenger Transport
Authority is the county council or the regional council, the
action of that council .
(6) Where, in consequence of any action taken or treated under
subsection (5) above as taken by the Greater London Council
or a county council, any sums payable in any year to that council
by way of rate support grant or grant under section 6 of the
Local Government Act 1974 are reduced and that council in 1974 c. 7.
that or any subsequent year issues a precept to a rating authority,
subsections ( 1 ) to (3) above shall apply as if the action of that
council has been the action of the rating authority.
5.- ( 1 ) Paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to the Housing Rents and Housing
Subsidies Act 1975 ( which provides for a special element of subsidy- special
housing subsidy for the year 1975-76 and an amount equal to element.
the special element by way of or as part of the basic element
1975 с. 6.
for later years) shall be amended as follows.
(2) In sub-paragraph ( 1 ) after the words " for the year
1975-76 " , in the first place where they occur, there shall be
inserted the words " and for the year 1976-77 " and at the end of
the sub-paragraph there shall be added the words " or, as the
case may be, the year 1976-77 " .
( 3) In sub-paragraph (2) after the words "
new town corpora-
tion " there shall be inserted the words " for the year 1975-76 " .
6.- (1) The Secretary of State may for the year 1976-77 out Rent limitation
of moneys provided by Parliament pay to a local authority in subsidy in
Scotland a subsidy to be called the rent limitation subsidy, which Scotland .
shall be credited to the housing revenue account of the authority
for that year .
( 2) The amount of any rent limitation subsidy payable to a
local authority shall be calculated on a basis determined by the
Secretary of State.
(3) In the Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland) Act 1972, 1972 с. 46.
in Schedule 4, after paragraph 1 ( 1 ) (c) ( iv) there shall be inserted-
" ( v) the rent limitation subsidy payable under section 6
of the Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act 1975. "
1654 c . 57 Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act 1975
Interpretation. Expenses.
Short title.
7. In this Act " remuneration ", in relation to any person,
includes any benefit, facility or advantage, whether in money or
otherwise, provided by the employer or by some other person
under arrangements with the employer, whether for the first-
mentioned person or otherwise, by reason of the fact that the
employer employs him, and any reference to the payment of
remuneration shall be construed accordingly.
8. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament
any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable
under any other Act.
9. This Act may be cited as the Remuneration, Charges
and Grants Act 1975.
c. 58 1655

Lotteries Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 58
An Act to make further provision with regard to lotteries
promoted on behalf of societies or as incidents of enter-
tainments ; to authorise local authorities to promote
lotteries ; and for connected purposes.
[ 7th August 1975]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled , and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Lotteries Authorised by Act
1.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, - Power of
certain
(a) a lottery is lawful if it is promoted in Great Britain on societies
behalf of a society which is for the time being registered and of local
under Schedule 1 to this Act ; and authorities
to promote
(b) a lottery is lawful if it is promoted in Great Britain bylotteries .
a local authority.
ود
(2) In this Act " society means a society (including a club,
institution, organisation or association of persons, by whatever
name called, and any separate branch or section of such a club,
institution, organisation or association) which is established and
conducted wholly or mainly for one or more of the following
purposes, that is to say-
( a ) charitable purposes ;
(b) participation in or support of athletic sports or games
or cultural activities ;
1656 Lotteries Act 1975
c . 58
1963 с. 2.
Organisation
and purposes
of societies'
lotteries.
( c ) purposes which are not described in paragraph (a ) or
( b) above and are neither purposes of private gain nor
purposes of any commercial undertaking ;
and " society's lottery " means a lottery promoted on behalf of
a society.
( 3) Any purpose for which a society is established and con-
ducted and which is calculated to benefit the society as a whole
shall not be held to be a purpose of private gain by reason only
that action in its fulfilment would result in benefit to any person
as an individual.
( 4 ) In this Act " local authority " means-
( a) in England, a county council, the Greater London
Council, a district council, a London borough council,
the Common Council of the City of London, the Coun-
cil of the Isles of Scilly and a parish council ;
(b) in Wales, a county council, a district council and a
community council ; and
(c) in Scotland, a regional council, an islands council and a
district council ;
and " local lottery " means a lottery promoted by a local
authority .
( 5 ) In the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963-
( a) in section 41 (under which lotteries in general are
unlawful) after the words " this Act " there shall be
inserted the words " and the Lotteries Act 1975 " ;
and
( b) at the end of paragraph ( b) of section 42( 2) (defences
for persons charged with offences in connection with
lotteries) there shall be added " or
( c ) that the lottery to which the proceedings relate
was a lottery authorised by the Lotteries Act 1975,
and that at the date of the alleged offence the person
charged believed, and had reasonable ground for
believing, that it was being conducted in accordance
with the requirements of that Act. "
Societies ' Lotteries
2.- ( 1 ) A society's lottery is unlawful unless-
( a ) it is promoted in accordance with a scheme approved
by the society ; and
( b) one of the conditions specified in subsection (2) below
is satisfied.
Lotteries Act 1975 1657
c . 58
( 2 ) The conditions mentioned in subsection ( 1)(b) above
are-
( a ) that the total value of tickets or chances to be sold is
£ 5,000 or less ; and
( b) that the scheme is registered with the Board before any
tickets or chances are sold.
(3) The whole proceeds of a society's lottery, after deducting
sums lawfully appropriated on account of expenses or for the
provision of prizes, shall be applied to purposes of the society
such as are described in section 1(2) above.
Local lotteries
3.- ( 1 ) A local lottery is unlawful unless- Local
authority
( a ) it is promoted in accordance with a scheme approved schemes.
by the local authority ; and
(b) the scheme is registered with the Board before any
tickets or chances are sold .
( 2 ) The functions of local authorities for the discharge of
which arrangements may be made under section 101 of the
Local Government Act 1972 or section 56 of the Local Govern- 1972 c. 70.
ment (Scotland) Act 1973 (arrangements for the discharge of a 1973 с. 65.
local authority's functions by a committee, a sub-committee or
an officer of the authority, or by another local authority) do
not include the approval of schemes for local lotteries .
4.- ( 1 ) A local authority may promote a local lottery for any Purposes of a
purpose for which they have power to incur expenditure under local lottery.
any enactment, including, without prejudice to the generality of
this subsection, section 137 of the Local Government Act 1972
and section 83 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( power of local authorities to incur expenditure for certain
purposes not otherwise authorised ).
( 2) It shall be the duty of a local authority-
(a ) to give such publicity to the object of a local lottery
as will be likely to bring it to the attention of persons
purchasing tickets or chances ; and
( b) subject to the following provisions of this section, to
apply money accruing from a local lottery only to
the object of the lottery.
( 3) In this section " object " means the particular purpose or
purposes for which a local authority promote a local lottery.
( 4) The Secretary of State, upon receipt of an application
from a local authority for his consent to the use of money
accruing from a local lottery for a purpose suggested by the
local authority other than the object of the lottery, may give
that consent if and only if he is satisfied-
Y
1658 Lotteries Act 1975
c .58
( a ) that the object of the lottery, in whole or in part-
(i) has been as far as may be fulfilled ; or
(ii ) cannot be carried out ; or
( b) that the object provides a use for part only of the money
accruing from the lottery ; or
( c ) that the money accruing from the lottery and other
money applicable for similar purposes can be more
effectively used in conjunction, and to that end can
suitably be made applicable to common purposes ; or
( d ) that the object was specified by reference to an area
which was, when the object was specified, but has
since ceased to be, a unit for some other purpose, or
by reference to a class of persons or to an area which
has for any reason since ceased to be suitable ; or
( e) that the object, in whole or in part, has since it was
specified-
(i) been adequately provided for by other means ;
or
(ii ) ceased in any other way to provide a suitable
and effective method of using money accruing from
the lottery.
( 5) If the Secretary of State consents to the use of money
accruing from a local lottery for a purpose other than its object,
it shall be the duty of the local authority to use it only for the
purpose for which the consent is given.
Proceeds of
5.-(1) A local authority shall pay the whole proceeds of a
local lotteries. local lottery, after deducting the expenses of promoting it and
the sums required for prizes, into a fund (in this section referred
to as a " lottery fund "), and any money in such a fund shall
be invested by the local authority and any income arising from
such investment shall be credited to the fund.
( 2) It shall be the duty of a local authority to maintain a
separate lottery fund for each local lottery which they promote.
1974 с. 7.
( 3) The payment by a local authority out of their rate fund,
within the meaning of subsection ( 7 ) of section 1 of the Local
Government Act 1974, of money accruing from a local lottery
shall not be relevant expenditure within the meaning of sub-
section (4) of that section ; and accordingly in the said subsection
( 4 ) after the word " below " there shall be inserted the words
" and section 5(3) of the Lotteries Act 1975 ".
c .58
Lotteries Act 1975 1659
Registration, accounts, etc.
6. Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect.
7. Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect.
Registration
of societies.
Registration ofschemes.
Rules for lotteries authorised by Act
8.- (1 ) No society or local authority shall hold more than Frequency
fifty-two lotteries in any period of twelve months, but-
oflotteries.
( a) when the date of two or more society's lotteries pro-
moted on behalf of one society is the same and the
total value of the tickets or chances to be sold in those
lotteries does not exceed £10,000, all those lotteries
shall be treated as one ; and
(b) when the date of two or more lotteries promoted by
one local authority is the same and the total value of
the tickets or chances to be sold in those lotteries does
not exceed £10,000, all those lotteries shall be treated
as one.
(2 ) The date of any lottery promoted on behalf of a society
shall be not less than seven days after the date of any previous
lottery promoted on behalf of that society, except that the date
of a lottery promoted for the purpose of selling tickets or chances
wholly or mainly to persons attending a particular athletic or
sporting event may be seven days or less after the date of a
previous lottery promoted on behalf of the society.
( 3) The date of any lottery promoted by a local authority shall
be not less than seven days after the date of any previous lottery
promoted by that authority.
9.-(1) In the case of a society's lottery-
Rules for
authorised
( a ) the promoter of the lottery shall be a member of the lotteries.
society authorised in writing by the governing body of
the society to act as the promoter ; and
( b) every ticket and every notice or advertisement of the
lottery lawfully exhibited, distributed or published shall
specify the name of the society, the name and address
of the promoter and the date of the lottery.
( 2) No ticket or chance in a society's lottery or a local lottery
shall be sold at a price exceeding 25p.
( 3) The price of every ticket or chance shall be the same, and
the price of any ticket shall be stated on the ticket.
Y 2
1660 Lotteries Act 1975
c. 58
( 4 ) No person shall be admitted to participate in a society's
lottery or a local lottery in respect of a ticket or chance except
after payment to the society or authority of the whole price of
the ticket or chance ; and no money received for or on account
of a ticket or chance shall in any circumstances be returned.
(5) No prize in a society's lottery which satisfies the condition
specified in section 2(2)(a) above shall exceed £1,000 in amount
or value.
( 6) No prize—
( a) in a society's lottery which satisfies the condition speci-
fied in section 2(2) (b) above ; or
( b) in a local lottery,
shall exceed in amount or value the sum which is specified in
subsection (7) below as the appropriate sum in relation to that
lottery .
( 7 ) the appropriate sum is—
(a) £1,000, for a short-term lottery ;
(b) £1,500, for a medium-term lottery ; and
(c) £2,000, for any other lottery.
( 8) The total value of the tickets or chances sold—
( a) in a society's lottery which satisfied the condition speci-
fied in section2 (2) ( b) above ; or
(b) in a local lottery,
shall not exceed the sum which is specified in subsection (9)
below as the appropriate sum in relation to that lottery.
( 9) the appropriate sum is-
(a) £10,000 for a short- term lottery ;
(b) £20,000, for a medium-term lottery ; and
(c) £ 40,000 for any other lottery.
(10) For the purposes of subsections (7) and (9) above-
(a) a lottery is a short -term lottery if less than one month
has passed between the date of that lottery and the
date of a previous lottery promoted on behalf of the
same society or by the same authority ; and
(b) a lottery is a medium-term lottery if less than three
months but not less than one month has passed between
the date of that lottery and the date of a previous
lottery promoted on behalf of the same society or by
the same authority.
( 11) The amount of the proceeds of a society's lottery or a
local lottery appropriated for the provision of prizes shall not
exceed one half of the whole proceeds of the lottery.
c. 58
Lotteries Act 1975 1661
(12 ) The amount of the proceeds of a society's lottery or a
local lottery appropriated on account of expenses (exclusive
of prizes) shall not exceed whichever is the less of-
( a) the expenses actually incurred ; and
(b ) whichever of the amounts referred to in subsection ( 13)
below applies.
(13) The amounts referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection
( 12) above are-
( a ) where the whole proceeds of the lottery do not exceed
£5,000, 25 per cent. of those proceeds ; or
( b) where the whole proceeds of the lottery do exceed
£5,000, 15 per cent. of those proceeds or such larger
percentage, not exceeding 25 per cent. , as the Board
may authorise in the case of a particular lottery.
10.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe Regulations.
provisions to be included in-
( a) any scheme approved by a society for the promotion of
a lottery ; and
(b) any scheme approved by a local authority for the
promotion of a lottery.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make such
provision with respect to the promotion of society's lotteries or
local lotteries as he may consider necessary or expedient.
(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 2) above,
the Secretary of State may by regulations impose requirements
or restrictions with respect to all or any of the following
matters-
( a ) the persons to whom and by whom tickets or chances
in a lottery may or may not be sold ;
(b) the circumstances in which tickets or chances may be
sold and in which persons may be invited to purchase
tickets or chances ;
( c ) the minimum age at which any person may buy a ticket
or chance ;
( d ) any information which must, or must not, appear on a
ticket;
( e) the manner in which a lottery may be advertised ;
( f ) the use of postal services in connection with lotteries ;
( g) the matters in respect of which expenses in a lottery
may be incurred.
Y 3
c. 58
1662 Lotteries Act 1975
Orders and
fees
Offences.
( 4) Any power to make regulations under this section may be
exercised so as to make different provision in relation to different
cases or different circumstances.
(5 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State before making
any regulations under this section to consult-
( a ) the Board ; and
( b) such associations of local authorities as appear to him
to be concerned.
11.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order vary-
( a ) the figure of £ 5,000 in section 2( 2)(a) above and in
paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act ; and
(b) any monetary limit in section 8(1) or 9 above.
(2) The Secretary of State may by order vary the fee payable
to a registration authority under paragraph 3 or 9 of Schedule
1 to this Act.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order prescribe the fees
to be payable to the Board under paragraph 7 of Schedule 2
to this Act.
( 4 ) An order under subsection (3) above may, instead of
specifying the amount of any fee, authorise the Board to deter-
mine the amount subject to such limit, or in accordance with
such provisions, as may be prescribed by the order .
12.-( 1 ) If any requirement of this Act or of any regulations
made under this Act in respect of a society's lottery or a local
lottery is contravened, the promoter of that lottery and any other
person who is party to the contravention shall be guilty of an
offence.
( 2 ) It shall be a defence for a person charged with any offence
only by reason of his being the promoter to prove that the
contravention occurred without his consent or connivance and
that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it.
(3) It shall be a defence for any person charged with an offence
in respect of an appropriation made in contravention of section
9 ( 11) or ( 12) above to prove-
( a) that the proceeds of the lottery fell short of the sum
reasonably estimated ; and
( b ) that the appropriation was made in order to fulfil an
unconditional undertaking as to prizes given in connec-
tion with the sale of the relevant tickets or chances, or
in respect of expenses actually incurred ; and
c .58
Lotteries Act 1975 1663
( c) that the total amounts appropriated in respect of prizes
or expenses did not exceed the amounts which could
lawfully be appropriated out of the proceeds of the
lottery under those subsections if the said proceeds
had amounted to the sum reasonably estimated.
( 4 ) It shall be a defence for any person charged with an
offence in respect of a contravention of section 8 above or of
section 9 (6) or (8) above to prove that the date of a lottery was
later than he had expected for reasons which he could not
foresee.
(5) A person guilty of an offence under this Act or regulations
made under it shall be liable-
(a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 ; or
( b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
( 6 ) Where an offence under this Act or regulations made under
it committed by a body corporate is proved to have been com-
mitted with the consent or connivance of, or to have been attri-
butable to any neglect on the part of , any director, manager,
secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any
person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as
well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and
shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 7 ) In this section " contravention ", in relation to any require-
ment, includes a failure to comply with that requirement, and
cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly.
Amendments of Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963
13. In section 45( 3) of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act Increase in
1963 (exemption of certain small lotteries conducted for chari- limits for
table, sporting or other purposes) -
certain small
lotteries.
( a) in paragraph (c) , for " one hundred pounds " there shall
1963 с. 2.
be substituted " £1,000 ", and for " one shilling " there
shall be substituted " 25p " ;
66
ود
(b) in paragraph (e) , for ten per cent. there shall be
substituted " 25 per cent. " ; and
66
( c) in paragraph (g) for seven hundred and fifty pounds "
there shall be substituted “ £5,000 ” .
14. In section 43 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act Increase in
1963 (limit on sums which promoters of a small lottery may maximum
spend on purchasing prizes) — prizes for
certain
( a) in paragraph (iii) of subsection (2)(a) for " ten pounds " lotteries and
there shall be substituted " £50, or such greater sumentertainments.
as may be specified by an order under subsection (2A )
below " ; and
Y4
1664 Lotteries Act 1975
c. 58
(b) after that subsection there shall be inserted the following
subsections : -
" (2A) The Secretary of State may by order substi-
tute a greater sum than £50 for the sum mentioned
in subsection (2) (a) (iii) above.
( 2B) An order under subsection ( 2A) above shall
be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 2C) The power to make an order under subsection
( 2A) above includes power to revoke the order by a
subsequent order . "
Alteration of
15.-( 1 ) After section 52( 1 ) of the Betting, Gaming and Lot-
penalties for
teries Act 1963 (penalties and forfeitures) there shall be inserted
offencesunder the following subsection : -
Part III of the
Betting,
" ( 1A) A person guilty of an offence under section 42,
Gaming, and
43, 44, 47, 48 or 49 of this Act shall be liable-
Lotteries Act
1963.
( a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding
1963 с. 2.
£ 400 ; or
( b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding two years or a fine, or both " .
(2) The amendment made by subsection ( 1) above shall have
effect only in relation to offences committed after the commence-
ment of this Act.
Interpretation.
Supplementary
16.-( 1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
" Board " means the Gaming Board for Great Britain ;
" date " , in relation to a lottery, means the date on which
the winners in that lottery are ascertained ;
local authority " and " local lottery " have the meanings
assigned to them by section 1 (4) above ;
“
66 "
society " and society's lottery have the meanings
assigned to them by section 1(2) above ; and
" ticket " , in relation to any lottery or proposed lottery,
includes any document evidencing the claim of a
person to participate in the chances of the lottery.
( 2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires , a
reference to the promotion of a lottery includes a reference to
the conduct of that lottery, and " promote " shall be construed
accordingly.
Lotteries Act 1975 1665
c. 58
17.-( 1 ) There shall be paid out of money provided by Parlia- Financial
ment any expenses incurred by the Board in consequence of, or provisions.
in connection with, the provisions of this Act.
( 2) Any fees received by the Board under this Act shall be
paid into the Consolidated Fund.
18. The Secretary of State shall not make an order under Commence-
section 20(6) below appointing a day for the coming into ment of
operation of section 1 above until he has made regulations section 1.
under section 10 above which provide for their coming into
operation on that day.
(2) Regulations so providing shall not be made unless a draft
of them has been approved by resolution of each House of
Parliament.
19.-( 1 ) Any power to make an order or regulations under Orders and
this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject, regulations.
except in the case of an order under section 20(6) below or of
regulations of which a draft has been approved by resolution
of each House of Parliament, to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 2) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order includes
power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.
20.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Lotteries Act 1975 .
Citation,
repeals etc.
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act shall
have effect subject to the amendments set out in that Schedule,
being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of
this Act and minor amendments.
(3) Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of
facilitating the consolidation of the enactments relating to
lotteries, and in particular for the purpose of removing anoma-
lies and correcting errors in those enactments.
( 4) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in column 3 of that
Schedule.
( 5 ) Section 13 of this Act shall cease to have effect on the day
appointed for the coming into operation of Schedule 5 to this
Act .
(6 ) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order appoint, and different days may
be appointed for different provisions and for different purposes.
( 7 ) Any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be con-
strued as a reference to that enactment as amended, applied or
extended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.
(8) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.
c.58
1666 Lotteries Act 1975
Section 6.
1963 с. 2.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
REGISTRATION OF SOCIETIES
PART I
REGISTRATION
1 .- (1) An application for the registration of a society for the
purposes of section 1 (1 ) of this Act shall be made to the registration
authority.
( 2 ) In this Schedule, the expression " registration authority ", in
relation to any society, means the authority, being-
( a ) in England, the London borough council, the district
council, the Common Council of the City of London or
the Council of the Isles of Scilly ; or
( b ) in Wales, the district council ; or
( c ) in Scotland, the islands or district council,
within whose area the office or head office of the society is situated.
2. Any such application shall specify the purposes for which the
society is established and conducted .
3. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, upon application
being duly made on behalf of a society and upon payment of a fee
of £10 the registration authority shall register the society in a register
kept for the purposes of this Act and notify the society in writing
that they have done so.
4. The registration authority may, after giving the society
an opportunity of being heard, refuse or revoke the registration of
the society under this Part of this Schedule if it appears to the
authority-
( a ) that any person has been convicted of an offence committed
in connection with a lottery promoted or proposed to be
promoted on behalf of that society being-
( i) an offence under this Act or regulations made under
this Act ; or
( ii ) an offence under section 42 or section 45 of the
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 ; or
(iii ) an offence under paragraph 12 of Schedule 7 to
that Act ; or
( iv ) an offence involving fraud or dishonesty ; or
( b) that the society does not satisfy or has ceased to satisfy
the conditions specified in section 1(2) of this Act.
5. Where the registration of any society has been refused or
revoked under the last foregoing paragraph by the registration
authority in England or Wales, that authority shall forthwith notify
the society of the refusal or revocation and the society may appeal
to the Crown Court and such appeal shall be commenced by giving
notice to the appropriate officer of the Crown Court and to the regis-
tration authority within twenty- one days of the day on which notice of
the refusal or revocation is given to the society.
c .58
Lotteries Act 1975 1667
6. Where the registration of any society has been refused or SCH. 1
revoked under paragraph 4 above by a registration authority in
Scotland, that authority shall forthwith notify the society of the
refusal or revocation, and the society may appeal, within such time,
and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court
of Session by act of sederunt, to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the
registration authority's area, and on any such appeal the decision of
the sheriff shall be final and may include such order as to the
expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.
7. Where the registration authority revoke a registration under
paragraph 4 above, then, until the time within which notice of appeal
under paragraph 5 or 6 above may be given has expired and, if
such notice is duly given, until the determination or abandonment
of the appeal, the registration shall be deemed to continue in force,
and if the Crown Court or, as the case may be, the sheriff confirms
the decision of the registration authority, the court or the sheriff may,
if it or he thinks fit, order that the registration shall continue in force
for a further period not exceeding two months from the date of the
order.
8. A society which is for the time being registered under this Part
of this Schedule may at any time apply to the registration authority
for the cancellation of the registration ; and in any such case the
authority shall cancel the registration accordingly.
9. Every society which is registered under this Part of this
Schedule shall pay to the registration authority on 1st January each
year while it is so registered a fee of £ 5 and any such fee which
remains unpaid after the date on which it becomes payable may be
recovered by the authority as a debt.
10. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the registration of
any society under Schedule 7 to the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries 1963 c. 2.
Act 1963 shall have effect as registration under this Schedule.
PART II
RETURNS
11. Subject to paragraph 12 below, the promoter of a society's
lottery shall, not later than the end of the third month after the
date of the lottery, send to the registration authority a return certified
by two other members of the society, being persons of full age
appointed in writing by the governing body of the society, showing-
( a ) a copy of the scheme under which the lottery was promoted ;
( b) the whole proceeds of the lottery ;
( c ) the sums appropriated out of those proceeds on account of
expenses and on account of prizes respectively ;
( d ) the particular purpose or purposes to which the proceeds
of the lottery were applied in pursuance of section 2( 3)
of this Act, and the amount applied for that purpose, or for
each of those purposes, as the case may be ; and
(e ) the date of the lottery.
c .58
1668 Lotteries Act 1975
SCH. 1
12. Paragraph 11 above shall not apply to a society's lottery which
is promoted in accordance with a scheme which is registered with
theBoard.
13. The registration authority shall preserve any return sent to
them under paragraph 11 above for a period of at least eighteen
months, and during that period shall keep the return deposited at
their office and permit any member of the public to inspect it during
office hours free of charge.
14. Any person who fails to send a return in accordance with
the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, or who knowingly or
recklessly gives in any such return sent by him any information
which is false in a material particular, or who certifies any such
return knowing it to contain such information, shall be guilty of an
offence.
Section 7.
1963 с. 2 .
SCHEDULE 2
REGISTRATION OF SCHEMES BY THE BOARD
1. Alocal authority shall submit to the Board any scheme approved
by the authority under section 3(1) (a) of this Act.
2. A society shall submit to the Board any scheme approved by
the society under section 2(1)( a) of this Act if the total value of
tickets or chances to be sold in any lottery promoted in accordance
with that scheme exceeds £5,000.
3.- (1) The Board shall register a scheme submitted to them
under this section unless-
( a ) in the case of a scheme submitted by a society, that society
is not registered under Schedule 1 to this Act ; or
( b) the scheme is contrary to law ; or
(c) except where the Secretary of State otherwise directs, the
Board is not satisfied either-
( i ) that all lotteries promoted by or on behalf of the
applicant within the last five years have been properly
conducted ; or
( ii) that all fees payable under this Act have been paid ;
or
( iii ) that all the requirements of the Board under
paragraph 6 below have been complied with ; or
( d ) except where the Secretary of State otherwise directs, it
appears to the Board that an unsuitable person will be
employed for reward in connection with the promotion
of a lottery under the scheme .
( 2) In this paragraph and in paragraph 4 below " unsuitable
person" means a person who has been convicted of-
( a ) an offence under this Act or regulations made under this
Act ; or
(b ) an offence under section 42 or section 45 of the Betting,
Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 ; or
( c ) an offence under paragraph 12 of Schedule 7 to that Act ;
or
( d ) an offence involving fraud or dishonesty.
c.. 58
Lotteries Act 1975 1669
4.- (1) The Board shall have power to revoke the registration
SCH. 2
of any scheme on any of the grounds ( a ), (b), (c) or (d ) specified
in paragraph 3(1) above.
( 2) The Board shall also have power to revoke the registration
of any scheme where it appears to them that an unsuitable person
has been employed for reward in connection with the promotion
of any lottery under that scheme.
( 3) The revocation of the registration of any scheme under this
paragraph shall not have effect in relation to any lottery in respect
of which any tickets or chances have already been sold at the
date of revocation.
5.- (1) The Secretary of State may direct the Board to restore
any registration which, in pursuance of paragraph 4 above, the
Board have revoked on any of the grounds specified in paragraph
3(1 )(c) or (d ) above or paragraph 4( 2) above, and the Board shall
give effect to any such direction.
( 2) The restoration of any registration under sub-paragrapah (1)
above shall have effect from the date of revocation or such later
date as may be specified in the direction .
6. The Board shall have power to require the provision of accounts
in relation to any lottery promoted under a scheme registered by
them, and any other information which they may require in respect
of any lottery promoted or to be promoted under a scheme registered
by them or submitted to them for registration.
7. The following fees shall be payable to the Board-
( a ) a prescribed fee on an application for the registration of a
scheme ; and
( b) where more than one lottery is to be promoted under a
scheme registered by the Board, a further prescribed fee
for each lottery promoted under that scheme.
8. Any person who, in pursuance of a requirement under para-
graph 6 above, knowingly or recklessly gives to the Board any
information which is false in a material particular shall be guilty
of an offence.
SCHEDULE 3
Section 20.
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963
1. In section 52(2) of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 1963 c. 2.
( penalties and forfeitures) for the word " subsection " there shall be
substituted the word " subsections " .
The Gaming Act 1968
2. In section 52(3) of the Gaming Act 1968 (the playing of a game 1968 c. 65.
of chance which also constitutes a lawful lottery not to constitute
gaming for the purposes of that Act) , in paragraph (a ) for the words
from " section 45(1) " to the end there shall be substituted the words
" section 2( 1)(a) or 3(1) (a) of the Lotteries Act 1975 (promotion of
society's lotteries and local lotteries in accordance with approved
schemes) , and " .
c .58
1670 Lotteries Act 1975
SCH. 3
1972 с. 25.
The Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
3. In section 6 of the Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 ( pool
betting duty) --
( a ) for paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted
the following sub-paragraph:-
" (b) " bet" does not include the taking of a ticket or
chance in any lottery referred to in subsection ( 4 )
below . ";
( b ) after subsection ( 3) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" (4) The lotteries referred to in paragraph (b) of sub-
section (3) above are-
(a ) any lottery which is declared by section 43, 44
or 46 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act
1963 not to be unlawful ; or
(b ) any society's lottery or local lottery within the
meaning of the Lotteries Act 1975 in which the
monetary limits referred to in the following pro-
visions of that Act namely-
(i ) subsections ( 2), (5), (6 ) and ( 8) of section
9, and
( ii ) section 2(2)(a), in the case of a
society's lottery promoted in accordance with
a scheme which is not registered in pursuance
of section 2(2) (b) (registration with Gaming
Board for Great Britain),
are not exceeded, disregarding for the purposes
of this section any variation of those limits made
by order under section 11 of that Act. "
Section 20.
1963 с. 2
SCHEDULE 4
CONSOLIDATION AMENDMENTS
The Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963
1. For subsection (2)( d ) of section 43 of the Betting, Gaming and
Lotteries Act 1963 (exemption of small lotteries incidental to cer-
tain entertainments) there shall be substituted the following para-
graph:-
" (d ) the facilities for participating in lotteries under this section ,
or those facilities together with any other facilities for
participating in lotteries or gaming, shall not be the only,
or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend
the entertainment.".
c. 58
Lotteries Act 1975 1671
2. For section 48 of that Act ( provision of amusements with prizes
at certain non-commercial entertainments) there shall be substituted
the following section : -
"Provision 48.- (1) This section applies to the provision, at any
ofamuse- entertainment to which section 43 of this Act applies,
ments with of any amusement with prizes which constitutes a lottery
prizes at
certain non-
or gaming or both but does not constitute-
commercial
( a ) gaming to which Part II of the Gaming Act
entertain-
1968 applies , or
ments.
(b ) gaming by means of a machine to which Part
III of that Act applies .
( 2) Where any such amusement constitutes a lottery,
nothing in section 41 or section 42 of this Act shall
apply to it.
( 3 ) In relation to any such amusement (whether it
constitutes a lottery or not ) the conditions set out in
subsection ( 4) of this section shall be observed, and if
either of those conditions is contravened every person
concerned in the provision or conduct of that amusement
shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that the
contravention occurred without his consent or connivance
and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it.
( 4 ) The conditions referred to in the last foregoing
subsection are-
(a ) that the whole proceeds of the entertainment,
after deducting the expenses of the entertain-
ment, shall be devoted to purposes other than
private gain ; and
( b) that the facilities for winning prizes at amuse-
ments to which this section applies, or those
facilities together with any other facilities for
participating in lotteries or gaming, shall not
be the only, or the only substantial, inducement
to persons to attend the entertainment. "
SCH. 4
3. Sections 51 (search warrants ) and 52( 4) (forfeiture ) of that Act
shall have effect in relation to offences under this Act.
The Local Government Act 1966
4. In Part II of Schedule 3 to the Local Government Act 1966 1966 с. 42 .
(fees for licences, registration etc. that may be varied by an order
under section 35( 2) of the Act ) in paragraph 23 ( which relates to the
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963) for the words " paragraph
4 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 16 ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1966
5. In Part II of Schedule 4 to the Local Government ( Scotland) 1966 c. 51.
Act 1966 ( fees for licences, registration etc. that may be varied by
c . 58
1672 Lotteries Act 1975
SCH. 4
1963 с. 2.
1968 с. 65.
Section 20.
an order under section 42 of that Act) in paragraph 26 ( which relates
to the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963) for the words " para-
graph 4 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 16 ".
The Gaming Act 1968
6.- (1) For subsections ( 2) to ( 4) of section 33 of the Gaming
Act 1968 (use of machines at non-commercial entertainments) there
shall be substituted the following subsections : -
" (2) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies
is used for gaming as an incident of any such entertainment,
the whole proceeds of the entertainment, after deducting the
expenses of the entertainment, shall be devoted to purposes
other than private gain .
(2A) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies
is used for gaming as an incident of an entertainment to which
this section applies, the opportunity to win prizes by means of
the machine, or that opportunity together with any other facili-
ties for participating in lotteries or gaming shall not be the only,
or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend the
entertainment. "
( 2 ) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section, for the words " to (4 ) " there
shall be substituted the words " and ( 2A) " .
SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
1963 с. 2.
The Betting, Gaming and In section 42( 2)(a), the word
Lotteries Act 1963 . " 45".
Section 45.
In section 52(1) the words " 42,
43, 44, 45 and 47".
Schedule 7.
1966 с. 42.
The Local Government In Schedule 3, in paragraph 23
Act 1966.
of Part II, the words " and
paragraphs 3 and 9 of
Schedule 7 " .
1966 с. 51 . The Local Government
( Scotland) Act 1966.
In Schedule 4, in paragraph 26
of Part II, the words " and
paragraphs 3 and 9 of
Schedule 7 " .
1968 с. 65. The Gaming Act 1968 .
In Part I of Schedule 11, the
entry relating to section 48 of
the Betting, Gaming and
Lotteries Act 1963
c . 59 1673
SINOH
IET 14 MON DROIT

Criminal Jurisdiction
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 59
An Act to create extra-territorial offences under the law of
Northern Ireland, to amend as respects those and
other offences the criminal law of Northern Ireland, to
provide for obtaining evidence in Northern Ireland for
the trial of offences in the Republic of Ireland and to
amend the Backing of Warrants (Republic of Ireland)
Act 1965, the Explosive Substances Act 1883 and the
law about the prosecution of offences. [7th August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Extra-territorial Offences
1.-( 1 ) Any act or omission which-
Criminal
( a ) takes place in the Republic of Ireland, and
liability for
offences in
( b) would, if taking place in Northern Ireland, constitute the Republic
an offence described in Part I of Schedule 1 to this of Ireland.
Act,
shall, for the purposes of the law of Northern Ireland, constitute
that offence.
( 2) The law applied by subsection ( 1) above shall be construed
in accordance with Part II of the said Schedule 1 .
( 3) In this Act" extra- territorial offence " means-
( a ) any offence under subsection ( 1) above ( read with
Schedule 1) ,
1674 Criminal Jurisdiction 1975 Act
c .59
1948 с. 56.
Hijacking
of vehicles
or ships.
Escape or
rescue from
detention in
Republic
ofIreland .
( b ) any offence in the Republic of Ireland under section 2
of this Act,
( c ) any offence under section 3 of this Act ,
( d ) any offence defined as an extra-territorial offence by
section 6(3) of this Act.
( 4 ) Liability for an extra-territorial offence (as defined by
subsection ( 3) above) attaches irrespective of the nationality of
the offender, and notwithstanding the provisions of section 3
of the British Nationality Act 1948 ( limitation of criminal
liability of certain persons who are not citizens of the United
Kingdom and Colonies) .
( 5 ) Proceedings for an extra-territorial offence may be taken,
and the offence may for the purposes of those proceedings be
treated as having been committed, in any place in Northern
Ireland.
2.- (1) A person who in Northern Ireland or in the Republic
of Ireland unlawfully, by force or threat thereof, or by any other
form of intimidation-
(a ) seizes or exercises control of or otherwise interferes
with the control of any vehicle (whether mechanically
propelled or not ) or any ship or hovercraft, or
( b) compels or induces some other person to use a vehicle,
ship or hovercraft for an unlawful purpose,
shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding fifteen years.
(2) In this section-
66 ship " includes any boat or other vessel ;
" vehicle " includes a railway train or any other railway
vehicle.
3.- (1) Aperson who under the law of the Republic of Ireland
is charged with, or convicted of-
(a) an extra-territorial offence under the law of the Republic
ofIreland, or
(b ) an act or omission which is also an offence triable under
the law of Northern Ireland as an extra-territorial
offence,
shall be guilty of an offence if he escapes from any legal custody
in which he is held in the Republic of Ireland at any stage in the
proceedings beginning with the charge (including the hearing of
any appeal) , or in which he is held while serving a sentence
imposed on his conviction.
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1675
c .59
( 2) A person shall be guilty of an offence if he escapes from
legal custody in which he is held in the Republic of Ireland
pursuant to any provision of the law of the Republic of Ireland
corresponding to paragraph 4 of Schedule 4 to this Act (right
of accused to attend examination of a witness out of court).
( 3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be
liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding seven years .
( 4 ) In this section and in the following provisions of this Act
" extra- territorial offence under the law of the Republic of
Ireland " means any offence under the law of the Republic of
Ireland which-
( a ) is committed in Northern Ireland and which is, under
the law of Northern Ireland, an offence described in
PartI of Schedule 1 to this Act, or
( b ) is committed in Northern Ireland and is an offence
under an enactment of the Republic of Ireland corres-
ponding to section 2 of this Act, or to subsection ( 1 )
or ( 2 ) of this section, or
( c) is aiding, abetting, counselling, procuring or inciting the
commission of an offence under paragraph (a) or (b)
above, or
( d ) is attempting or conspiring to commit an offence under
paragraph (a) or (b) above, or
( e ) is doing any act with intent to impede the arrest or
prosecution of a person who has committed an offence
under any of the preceding paragraphs of this
subsection, being an offence which if committed in
Northern Ireland would be an arrestable offence.
( 5) For the purposes of subsection (4) (a) above paragraph 10
of Schedule 1 to this Act shall be read without sub-paragraph (2)
( which restricts the offences there described to those where it is
charged that an explosive, firearm, imitation firearm or weapon
was used to commit the offence ) .
4.- (1) At the end of Schedule 4 to the Northern Ireland Trial of extra-
( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 (scheduled offences to which territorial
Part I of the Act applies) there shall be inserted-
offences.
1973 с. 53." PART III
EXTRA- TERRITORIAL OFFENCES
14. Any extra-territorial offence as defined in section 1
of the Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 ",
and the said Act shall have effect subject to the further amend-
ments in Schedule 2 to this Act.
c. 59
1676 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
1968 с. 32
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
Evidence for
trial of extra-
territorial
offences.
Inchoate
offences.
1967 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
(2) An extra-territorial offence shall not be tried summarily.
( 3) Where a person is charged with an extra- territorial offence
so much of section 1(1) of the Criminal Procedure (Committal for
Trial) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 as affords to the accused a
right to object to a preliminary enquiry shall not apply, and the
procedure shall be by way of preliminary enquiry under the said
section 1, and not by way of preliminary investigation under the
Magistrates ' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
( 4 ) The further provisions concerning extra-territorial offences
which are contained in Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect.
5.-( 1 ) Schedule 4 to this Act, which deals with the examina-
tion of witnesses out of court for the purpose of assisting courts
in the Republic of Ireland, and in Northern Ireland, in dealing
with extra- territorial offences under the law of those countries,
shall have effect.
( 2 ) A court (in Northern Ireland) before which proceedings
in connection with an extra-territorial offence are being heard
may direct that the name and address of any person whose
evidence, whether oral or in writing, is tendered to the court
shall not be disclosed to any person other than-
( a ) the members of the court and its officers,
( b) the parties to the proceedings and their counsel and
solicitors , and
( c ) where the court considers it required in the interests
of justice, any other person whom the court specifies
in the direction, or in any subsequent direction.
( 3) A person who contravenes a direction under subsection ( 2 )
above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £200, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
six months, or to both.
6. (1) In this section " substantive offence " means-
( a) any offence described in Schedule 1 to this Act (wherever
committed),
( b ) any offence under section 2 or section 3 of this Act.
( 2 ) The following, that is-
( a ) aiding, abetting, counselling, procuring or inciting the
commission of a substantive offence ;
( b ) attempting or conspiring to commit a substantive
offence;
( c ) an offence under section 4 of the Criminal Law Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967 of doing any act with intent
c .59
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1677
to impede the arrest or prosecution of a person who
has committed a substantive offence, or who has com-
mitted an arrestable offence under the preceding pro-
visions of this subsection,
shall constitute offences under the law of Northern Ireland
whether committed in Northern Ireland or in the Republic of
Ireland .
( 3) In this Act " extra- territorial offence " shall include any
offence within subsection (2) above if that offence takes place
in the Republic of Ireland, or if the related substantive offence
takes place, or would have taken place, in the Republic of
Ireland.
Particular offences
7.- ( 1) For sections 2 and 3 of the Explosive Substances Act Amendment of
1883 there shall be substituted the following sections-
Explosive Substances
"Causing
2. A person who in the United Kingdom or Act 1883.
explosion likely to endanger
( being a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies) 1883 c. 3.
in the Republic of Ireland unlawfully and
life or
maliciously causes by any explosive substance an
property .
explosion of a nature likely to endanger life or to
cause serious injury to property shall, whether any
injury to person or property has been actually caused
or not, be guilty of an offence and on conviction
on indictment shall be liable to imprisonment for
life.
Attempt to
3.-(1 ) A person who in the United Kingdom or
cause
explosion, or
a dependency or (being a citizen of the United King-
makingor keeping explosive with intent
dom and Colonies) elsewhere unlawfully and
maliciously-
( a ) does any act with intent to cause, or con-
toendanger
life or
spires to cause, by an explosive substance
property.
an explosion of a nature likely to endanger
life, or cause serious injury to property ,
whether in the United Kingdom or the
Republic of Ireland, or
( b ) makes or has in his possession or under his
control an explosive substance with intent
by means thereof to endanger life, or cause
serious injury to property, whether in the
United Kingdom or the Republic of
Ireland, or to enable any other person so
to do,
shall, whether any explosion does or does not take
place, and whether any injury to person or property
is actually caused or not, be guilty of an offence and
c .59
1678 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
S.R. & O.
1923/405.
Amendment of
Firearms Act
( Northern
Ireland )
1969.
1969 с. 12
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1971 с. 25
( Ν.Ι.) .
Admissibility
ofwritten
statements
made in the
Republic of
Ireland.
1968 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.).
1968 с. 32
(Ν.Ι.) .
1946 с. 13
(Ν.Ι.).
on conviction on indictment shall be liable to im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding twenty years,
and the explosive substance shall be forfeited.
66 "
( 2 ) In this section dependency means the
Channel Islands, the Isle of Man and any colony,
other than a colony for whose external relations a
country other than the United Kingdom is
responsible."
( 2) In the Schedule to the Irish Free State (Consequential
Adaptation of Enactments) Order 1923 the entry for the Explo-
sive Substances Act 1883, which is superseded by this section,
shall cease to have effect.
( 3) This section extends to all parts of the United Kingdom.
8.-(1) The penalty for an offence under section 19A of the
Firearms Act ( Northern Ireland) 1969 (possessing firearms or
ammunition in suspicious circumstances) shall be amended in
accordance with this section.
( 2) In the third column of the entry in Schedule 2 to the
said Act, as amended by section 1 of the Firearms (Amendment)
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1971 , relating to section 19A for the
words-
" (b) Indictment Five years or a fine of £500 or both ".
there shall be substituted-
" (b) Indictment Five years or a fine or both ".
Evidence in criminal proceedings
9.- (1 ) Section 1 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 and section 3 of the
Criminal Procedure (Committal for Trial ) Act ( Northern Ireland )
1968 (use of written statements as evidence in preliminary
proceedings and in trial ) shall apply to written statements made
in the Republic of Ireland as well as to written statements made
in Northern Ireland.
( 2 ) For sections 1A and 1B of the Perjury Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1946 there shall be substituted the following section-
"False
1A.-(1) If any person in a written statement
written
statements
tendered in evidence in criminal proceedings by
virtue of-
tendered in
evidence .
( a) section 1 of the Criminal Justice ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland )
1968, or
( b) section 3 of the Criminal Procedure (Com-
mittal for Trial) Act ( Northern Ireland )
1968,
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1679
c.59
wilfully makes a statement material in those pro-
ceedings which he knows to be false, or does not
believe to be true, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) If any person in a written statement made in
Northern Ireland and tendered in evidence in the
Republic of Ireland in any criminal proceedings
wilfully makes a statement material in those pro-
ceedings which he knows to be false, or does not
believe to be true, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) Aperson guilty of an offence under this section
shall be liable on conviction on indictment to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years
or to a fine, or to both.
( 4) This section is without prejudice to section 1 ,
and subsection ( 1) of this section applies whether
the written statement is made in Northern Ireland
or in the Republic of Ireland."
( 3) Section 1( 10 ) of the Criminal Justice ( Miscellaneous Pro- 1968 c. 28
visions) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968 and section 10 of the ( N.I.).
Criminal Procedure (Committal for Trial) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 c. 32
1968, which amended the Perjury Act ( Northern Ireland) 1946
(N.I.).
and which are superseded by subsection (2) above, shall cease 1946 c. 13
to have effect.
( Ν.Ι. ).
10. If in proceedings under the Criminal Procedure (Committal Evidence on
for Trial) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 it appears to the court committal for
that a witness is in the Republic of Ireland , and that it is not trial.
reasonably practicable to secure his attendance, section 4( 2) of
that Act (right of the parties to require attendance of witness)
shall not apply to that witness.
Prosecutions
11.-(1) No proceedings shall be instituted for an extra- Prosecution of
terrorial offence except by or with the consent of the Attorney extra-
General for Northern Ireland. territorial
offences.
( 2) Article 7 of the Prosecution of Offences ( Northern Ireland ) S.I. 1972/538
Order 1972 shall apply in relation to any extra- territorial offence ( N.I.1 . ) .
as if subsection (1) above were a consent provision within the
meaning of that Article.
12.-( 1 ) This section applies to any enactment which prohibits Consents to
the initiation or carrying on of proceedings for any offence prosecutions,
except-
etc.
( a) with the consent ( however expressed) of a Law Officer
of the Crown, or of the Director of Public Prosecutions,
or
1680 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
c . 59
Interpretation
and saving.
1967 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 30.
( b) where the proceedings are initiated or carried on by or
on behalf of a Law Officer of the Crown, or the
Director of Public Prosecutions,
and so applies whether or not there are other exceptions to the
prohibition (and in particular whether or not the consent is an
alternative to the consent of any other authority or person).
( 2) An enactment to which this section applies-
( a ) shall not prevent the arrest without warrant, or the
issue or execution of a warrant for the arrest, of a
person for any offence, or the remand in custody or
on bail of a person charged with any offence, and
(b) shall be subject to any enactment concerning the appre-
hension or detention of children or young persons.
( 3) In this section-
" Law Officer of the Crown " means the Attorney General
or the Attorney General for Northern Ireland, the
Solicitor General and, in Scotland, the Lord Advocate,
" Director of Public Prosecutions " includes the Director
ofPublic Prosecutions for Northern Ireland,
66
consent " includes sanction, fiat, direction or order,
" enactment " includes any provision having effect under
or by virtue of an Act of the Parliament of the United
Kingdom or the Parliament of Northern Ireland,
and this section applies to enactments passed or made before the
passing of this Act, or later.
( 4) This section extends to all parts of the United Kingdom.
Supplemental
13 .-(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
" arrestable offence " has the meaning given by section 2( 1 )
of the Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967 ;
"
enactment" includes an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland ;
" extra-territorial offence " has the meaning given by section
1 of this Act ;
" extra-territorial offence under the law of the Republic of
Ireland " has the meaning given by section 3(4 ) of
thisAct;
" rules of court " means rules under section 7 of the
Northern Ireland Act 1962.
( 2 ) Any reference in this Act, except so far as the context
otherwise requires, to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, applied or extended
by or under any other enactment, including this Act.
c.59
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1681
( 3) It is hereby declared that in applying section 38(1) of the
Interpretation Act 1889 ( effect of repeal and re- enactment) for 1889 c. 63.
the construction of references in this Act to other Acts account
is to be taken of repeal and re-enactment-
( a ) by a Measure under the Northern Ireland Constitution 1973 c. 36.
Act 1973, or
( b) by an Order in Council under the Northern Ireland Act 1974 c. 28.
1974,
( as being provisions which by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule
5 to the said Act of 1973 and paragraph 1( 7) of Schedule 1
to the Act of 1974 are included in statutory references to Acts
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) .
( 4 ) The provisions of this Act giving power to prohibit the
disclosure of the name and other particulars of witnesses and
other persons are without prejudice to any power of the same
kind exercisable under the inherent jurisdiction of any court or
judge.
14.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Jurisdiction Short title,
Act 1975.
( 2) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say-
(a) sections 12 and 13,
( b) this section, except so far as subsection (5) below relates
to Parts III and IV of Schedule 6, and
(c ) Schedule 5 and Parts I and II of Schedule 6,
shall come into force on the passing of this Act.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 2) above, this Act shall come into
force on such date as the Secretary of State may by order appoint,
and different dates may be so appointed for different provisions
or for different purposes.
An order made under this subsection may be revoked by a
subsequent order so made, and any order made under this sub-
section shall be contained in a statutory instrument.
( 4 ) Schedule 5 to this Act, which makes amendments con-
sequential on section 12 of this Act, shall have effect.
( 5) The enactments and instruments specified in Schedule 6 to
this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third
column of that Schedule.
(6) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say-
(a) sections 1 to 3, section 4(1) to (3) , sections 5 and 6
and sections 8 to 11 , and
(b) Schedules 1 and 2, paragraphs 2 to 5 of Schedule 3,
Schedule 4 and Parts II and III of Schedule 6,
shall extend to Northern Ireland only.
etc.
c .59
1682 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
Section1.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
OFFENCES IN REPUBLIC OF IRELAND TRIABLE IN NORTHERN IRELAND
PART I
Common law offences
1. Murder.
2. Manslaughter.
3. The common law offence of arson.
4. Kidnapping .
5. False imprisonment.
1861 с. 97.
1861 с. 100.
1883 с. 3.
Malicious damage
6. An offence under any of the following provisions of the
Malicious Damage Act 1861-
( i ) section 1 ( setting fire to church, etc.) ;
( ii ) section 2 ( setting fire to a dwelling house while a person
is inside ) ;
( iii ) section 3 ( setting fire to house, outhouse or business or
farming premises with intent to injure or defraud any
person ) ;
(iv ) section 4( setting fire to railway station, etc.) ;
( v ) section 5 ( setting fire to any public building) ;
( vi ) section 6 ( setting fire to other buildings) ;
(vii) section 7 ( setting fire to goods in certain buildings) ;
(viii) section 35 (interference with railway ) .
Offences against the person
7. An offence under any of the following provisions of the Offences
against the Person Act 1861—
( i ) section 18 ( wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily
harm ) ;
(ii ) section 20 ( causing grievous bodily harm).
Explosive substances
8. An offence under any of the following provisions of the
Explosive Substances Act 1883-
( i ) section 2 ( causing explosion likely to endanger life or dam-
age property ) ;
(ii ) section 3 (attempting to cause any such explosion, and
making or possessing explosive with intent to endanger life
or damage property) ;
( iii ) section 4 (making or possessing explosive in suspicious
circumstances ) .
Note. The said sections 2 and 3 are amended by section 7 of this
Act .
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1683
c. 59
Firearms SCH. 1
9. An offence under any of the following provisions of the Fire- 1969 c. 12
arms Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969-
( Ν.Ι. ) .
(i ) section 14 (possessing firearms or ammunition with intent to
endanger life or cause serious damage to property ) ;
(ii ) section 15(1) (use of firearm to resist arrest) ;
(iii ) section 15( 2) (possessing firearm when committing or
arrested for specified offences) where the specified offence is
one under section 148 of the Road Traffic Act ( Northern 1970 c. 2
Ireland ) 1970 ( taking and driving away a motor vehicle) ;
( Ν.Ι. ).
(iv ) section 16 (carrying firearm or imitation firearm with intent
to commit indictable offence or prevent arrest of self or
another ) ;
( v) section 19A (possessing firearms or ammunition in suspicious
circumstances ).
Aggravated theft
10.- (1) An offence under any of the following provisions of the 1969 c . 16
Theft Act ( Northern Ireland) 1969-
( Ν.Ι. ) .
( i ) section 8 ( robbery) ;
(ii ) section 10 ( aggravated burglary ) .
( 2 ) Robbery and aggravated burglary are included in this Schedule
only where it is charged that an explosive, firearm, imitation fire-
arm or weapon of offence was used to commit the offence ; and
expressions defined in the said section 10 have the same meaning
when used in this sub- paragraph.
Hijacking
11. An offence under section 1 of the Hijacking Act 1971 (hijacking 1971 c. 70.
aircraft ).
PART II
12.- (1) The provisions of the law of Northern Ireland which
are referred to in Part I of this Schedule, as applied by this Act
to acts or omissions in the Republic of Ireland, shall be read with
any necessary modifications, and in particular as if references to
what is lawful or unlawful included what is lawful or unlawful
under the law of the Republic of Ireland.
( 2 ) In applying section 19A of the Firearms Act ( Northern Ireland )
1969 ( possession of firearms or ammunition in suspicious circum-
stances) to acts or omissions in the Republic of Ireland, the absence
of the licence or other authority requisite under the law of the
Republic of Ireland relating to firearms, or a breach of a condition
attached to the licence or other authority, is a circumstance which
may give rise to a reasonable suspicion that possession is not for
a lawful object.
The provisions of this sub-paragraph are without prejudice to the
generality of sub-paragraph (1 ) above.
c. 59
1684 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
SCH. 1
1883 с. 3.
( 3) The reference in section 1( 3 ) of this Act to an offence under
subsection (1) includes all offences to which subsection (1) applies
whether or not the act or omission in the Republic of Ireland is,
under the Explosive Substances Act 1883 or any other enactment, an
offence under the law of Northern Ireland apart from the provisions
of the said subsection ( 1) .
Section 4(1).
1973 с. 53.
SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENTS OF NORTHERN IRELAND (EMERGENCY PROVISIONS)
Аст 1973
1.- (1) Schedule 4 to the Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1973 (offences to which Part I of the Act relates ) shall be
amended as follows .
( 2 ) After paragraph 4 there shall be inserted-
" 4A. Kidnapping.
4B. False imprisonment. "
( 3) In paragraph 5 (malicious damage ) after sub-paragraph (n )
there shall be inserted-
"( o) section 35 (interference with railway) ".
( 4 ) After paragraph 11 there shall be inserted-
"Hijacking
11A. Offences under section 1 of the Hijacking Act 1971 .
11B. Offences in Northern Ireland under section 2 of the
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 " .
2.- ( 1 ) Part III of the said Schedule 4 ( added by section 4 of this
Act ) and, so far as they relate to offences which become scheduled
offences by virtue of the said Part III, sections 2, 3 and 4 of the
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973, shall be per-
manent provisions which do not expire or cease to be in force under
section 30 of that Act.
( 2 ) If the indictment was presented before the coming into force
of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, sections 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the said
Act of 1973 shall not apply to the trial of the indictment .
( 3 ) If an offence becomes a scheduled offence on the date of the
coming into force of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, and the indictment
has not been presented then on that date
( a ) any committal for trial of the offence by a court of assize
other than the Belfast City Commission shall be treated
as a committal to that Commission, and
( b) any committal for trial of the offence by a county court
other than the Belfast Recorder's Court shall be treated as
a committal to the Belfast Recorder's Court.
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1685
c. 59
3.(1 ) Section 27 of the said Act of 1973 shall be amended as
follows.
( 2 ) In subsection (1) after the words " Part I " there shall be
inserted " or Part III ", and for " that Part " there shall be substituted
"Part I".
( 3) For subsection ( 3) of the said section 27 there shall be sub-
stituted-
" ( 3) The Secretary of State may by order amend Part I and
Part II of Schedule 4 to this Act ( whether by adding an offence
to, or removing an offence from, either of those Parts, or
otherwise ) . "
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
Section4 ( 4 ) .
EXTRA- TERRITORIAL OFFENCES
Exclusion of Backing of Warrants ( Republic of Ireland ) Act 1965
1. At the end of section 2( 2) of the Backing of Warrants (Republic
of Ireland ) Act 1965 ( cases where warrant from Republic of Ireland
is not to be executed ) there shall be inserted the following words-
"or
1965 с. 45.
( c ) that the warrant is for the arrest of a person accused of
an offence committed in Northern Ireland which con-
stitutes an extra- territorial offence under the law of the
Republic of Ireland as defined in section 3 of the
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 ; or
( d ) that the person named or described in the warrant
has been acquitted or convicted in a trial in Northern
Ireland for an extra-territorial offence as defined in
section 1 of the said Act of 1975 in respect of the same
act or omission as that in respect of which the warrant
is issued."
This paragraph extends to all parts of the United Kingdom, to
the Channel Islands and to the Isle of Man.
Right of accused to opt for trial in Republic of Ireland
2. (1) If a person is accused of an extra- territorial offence, and
a judge of the High Court, or the court of trial, is satisfied that a
warrant has been duly issued in the Republic of Ireland on an
information laid by a member of the police force ( Garda Síochána)
in the Republic of Ireland for his arrest for the corresponding offence
in respect of the same act or omission, the judge or court shall, if the
accused so requests, issue an order directing-
( a ) that the accused be delivered as soon as may be at some
convenient point of departure from Northern Ireland into
the custody of a member of the said police force in the
Republic of Ireland, and
( b ) that he be kept in custody in Northern Ireland until so
delivered.
c.59
1686 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
SCH . 3
1965 с.45.
( 2 ) If the accused is serving a sentence imposed for any other
offence, the order under this paragraph shall not take effect until
service of the sentence is completed .
( 3 ) An order may be made under this paragraph at any time
before entry of the plea of the accused on arraignment on the indict-
ment for the extra- territorial offence.
Safeguards for persons brought to Northern Ireland under warrant
of arrest
3.- (1 ) If a person is accused of an extra-territorial offence, and
a judge of the High Court, or the court of trial, is satisfied that-
( a ) he was brought to Northern Ireland pursuant to a warrant
of arrest which was endorsed in the Republic of Ireland
under the law of that country corresponding to the Backing
of Warrants ( Republic of Ireland ) Act 1965 and which does
not specify the extra- territorial offence ; and
( b ) he has not , since being so brought , been at liberty for a
continuous period of seven days or more ; and
( c ) he is not a person as respects whom an order under para-
graph 2 above has been made, or would be made if the
accused so requests,
the court or judge shall, if the accused so requests, issue an order
that proceedings for the trial of the extra-territorial offence shall be
suspended .
( 2 ) For the period from the date of making of the order until
such time as the accused has been at liberty for a period of seven
continuous days the accused shall be immune from arrest or deten-
tion, and from any other proceeding whatsoever, relating to the extra-
territorial offence, or any other extra-territorial offence committed
prior to his surrender (not being an offence specified in the warrant ).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph a person shall not be
treated as being at liberty at any time when he is on bail.
( 3 ) An order may be made under this paragraph at any time
before entry of the plea of the accused on arraignment on the indict-
ment for the extra-territorial offence .
Rights of accused under paragraphs 2and 3 above
4.- (1) When a person charged with an extra-territorial offence
appears before the court of trial, the court shall , so far as appro-
priate, inform him of his rights under paragraphs 2 and 3 above.
( 2 ) The circumstances under which, and the procedure by which ,
a person so charged may apply under paragraph 2 or paragraph 3
above to a judge of the High Court , instead of applying to the
court of trial, shall be such as may be prescribed by rules of court .
Safeguards for persons previously tried in Republic
of Ireland
5. It is hereby declared that a person duly tried for an offence
under the law of the Republic of Ireland which is also an extra-
territorial offence is entitled to plead his acquittal or conviction in
the trial in the Republic of Ireland as a bar in any proceedings in
Northern Ireland for the extra-territorial offence.
c .59
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1687
SCHEDULE 4
EXAMINATION OF WITNESSES OUT OF COURT
PART I
EXAMINATION IN NORTHERN IRELAND TO ASSIST COURT IN
REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
1. This Part of this Schedule applies where under the law of the
Republic of Ireland corresponding to Part II of this Schedule a court
issues a letter of request to the Lord Chief Justice of Northern
Ireland for the taking of evidence in Northern Ireland from a witness
specified in the letter of request for the purposes of the trial in the
Republic of Ireland of an extra-territorial offence under the law of
the Republic of Ireland , or the hearing of an appeal arising out of the
trial of such an offence.
2 .- (1) The evidence shall be taken on oath by a judge of the
High Court designated by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland.
( 2) The judge so designated ( hereafter referred to as "the Com-
missioner ") shall sit in private except at such times and on such
occasions as he otherwise directs.
( 3 ) If the witness-
( a ) on being duly summoned as a witness before the Commis-
sioner makes default in attending, or
( b ) being in attendance as a witness refuses to take an oath
legally required by the Commissioner to be taken, or to
produce any document or thing in his power or control
legally required by the Commissioner to be produced by him,
or to answer any question to which the Commissioner may
legally require an answer, or
( c ) does any other thing which would, if the Commissioner had
been a court of law having power to commit for contempt,
have been contempt of that court,
the witness shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £200, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six
months, or to both.
( 4 ) The witness shall be entitled to the same immunities and privi-
leges as if he were a witness in a trial on indictment for an offence
under the law of Northern Ireland, and questions as to the exclusion
of any evidence, or the withholding of any document or thing on
the ground of public interest, shall be determined in accordance with
the law of Northern Ireland.
Attendance of members of court
3.- (1) Any judge of the court which issued the letter of request
shall be entitled to attend the examination of the witness, and shall
have a right to suggest to the Commissioner questions to be put to
the witness.
( 2 ) The Commissioner shall arrange his sittings so as to facilitate
the attendance of any such judge and, subject to paragraph 2( 4)
above, shall put to the witness any questions suggested to him under
this paragraph.
Section 5(1).
c.59
1688 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
SCH . 4
1968 c. 21.
Attendance of accused
4.- (1) The accused shall have-
(a ) a right to attend the examination of the witness , and
( b ) a right to be represented by counsel or a solicitor in the
proceedings ( whether or not the accused is present ), and
( c ) a right , if not represented by counsel or solicitor, to question
the witness, and to make submissions or representations to
the Commissioner.
( 2 ) So long as the accused is in Northern Ireland pursuant to this
Part of this Schedule-
( a ) he shall be kept in custody, and
(b ) while duly kept in custody, he shall be immune from arrest
or detention, and from any other proceeding whatsoever,
related to any criminal or civil matter which arose prior
to his arrival in Northern Ireland in custody pursuant to the
provisions of the law of the Republic of Ireland corre-
sponding to paragraph 5( 4 ) below.
( 3) If the accused has exercised his right to attend the examination
of the witness, he shall, unless the Commissioner otherwise directs ,
remain in Northern Ireland until the examination is completed.
( 4 ) Either the prosecutor or the accused may apply to the Com-
missioner for a direction under sub-paragraph ( 3) above.
( 5 ) At the conclusion of the proceedings, and on any occasion when
a direction is given under sub-paragraph ( 3) above, the Commis-
sioner shall direct that the accused be delivered (at some convenient
point of departure from Northern Ireland) into the custody of a
member of the police force ( Garda Síochána ) in the Republic of
Ireland.
PART II
EXAMINATION IN REPUBLIC OF IRELAND TO ASSIST COURT IN
NORTHERN IRELAND
5.- (1) For the purposes of-
(a ) the trial in Northern Ireland of an extra- territorial offence, or
( b ) the hearing of an appeal under the Criminal Appeal
( Northern Ireland) Act 1968 concerning an extra-territorial
offence,
the court of trial, or as the case may be the court entertaining the
appeal, may issue a letter of request for the taking of evidence by
a judge of the High Court in the Republic of Ireland from a witness
specified in the letter of request.
The letter of request shall be addressed to the Chief Justice.
( 2 ) If the prosecutor or the accused applies to the court of trial
for the issue of a letter of request under this paragraph, the court
shall comply with the application unless satisfied that it is not in
the interests of justice.
(3) Where the court issues a letter of request, the court shall inform
the accused that he has, in accordance with the law of the Republic
of Ireland corresponding to paragraph 4(1) of this Schedule, a right
to attend the examination of the witness in the Republic of Ireland
and the other rights specified in the said paragraph 4(1) .
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1689
c .59
( 4 ) If the accused exercises his right to attend the examination of
the witness, the court shall issue an order directing-
( a ) that the accused be delivered (at some convenient point of
departure from Northern Ireland ) into the custody of a
member of the police force ( Garda Síochána ) in the
Republic of Ireland, and
( b ) that he be kept in custody in Northern Ireland until so
delivered .
( 5 ) If the accused is serving a sentence imposed for any other
offence , the order of the court shall be carried out notwithstanding
the sentence, and the time spent by the accused as directed by the
court shall count towards service of the sentence.
( 6 ) Where, under an enactment of the law of the Republic of
Ireland corresponding to paragraph 4( 3) of this Schedule, a Com-
missioner in the Republic of Ireland authorises the accused to return
temporarily to Northern Ireland, the court shall issue any further
order required under sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above in order to deal with
the accused when he is again to go to the Republic of Ireland.
Admissibility of statement of evidence
6.- (1) A statement of evidence of a witness taken in compliance
with the letter of request shall, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, be
admissible in the proceedings for which the letter of request was
issued as evidence of any fact stated therein of which evidence by the
witness would be admissible if given in the course of those
proceedings.
( 2) The statement shall be so admissible if-
( a ) all the members of the court were present throughout the
taking of the evidence, and
( b) the statement was certified by the judge of the High Court
in the Republic of Ireland who took it to be a true and
accurate statement of the evidence so taken.
( 3) A document purporting to be such a certificate and to be
signed by the said judge shall be deemed to be such a certificate and
to be so signed unless the contrary is shown.
PART III
SUPPLEMENTAL
Protection of witnesses
7.(1 ) In proceedings under Part I of this Schedule the Commis-
sioner may direct that the name and address of any person specified
in the letter of request shall not be disclosed to any person other
than-
( a) the Commissioner and the Commissioner's officers,
(b) the parties to the proceedings and their counsel and solicitors,
( c ) any judge of the court in the Republic of Ireland issuing
the letter of request, and any officers designated by the court,
and
( d ) where the Commissioner considers it to be in the interests of
justice, any other person whom the Commissioner specifies
in the direction, or any subsequent direction.
Part II Z
SCH . 4
c.59
1690 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
SCH. 4
( 2 ) In proceedings under paragraph 5(1) of this Schedule the
courtmaydirect that the name and address of any witness as respects
whom a letter of request is sought, or of any witness in the proceed-
ings, shall not be disclosed to any person other than-
( a ) the court and the officers of the court,
( b) the parties to the proceedings and their counsel and solicitors,
and
(c ) where the court considers it to be in the interests of justice,
any other person whom the court specifies in the direction,
or any subsequent direction.
( 3) A person contravening a direction under this paragraph shall
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200, or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both.
Procedure
8.- (1) Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the
procedure in Northern Ireland pursuant to, or as respects, letters of
request received from, or transmitted to, the Republic of Ireland
may be prescribed by rules of court.
( 2 ) The rules of court may apply, or make provision comparable to,
the procedure in civil proceedings for letters of request received from,
or transmitted to, the Republic of Ireland or any other country, with
or without any modifications or exceptions.
( 3) In the application of this Schedule to letters of request issued,
in the Republic of Ireland or in Northern Ireland, in connection
with an appeal, references to the accused shall be taken as references
to the appellant.
Section 14 ( 4 ).
1936 с. 6.
( 1 Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6 ) .
1968 с. 60.
1970 c. 4 (Ν.Ι.) .
SCHEDULE 5
CONSENT TO PROSECUTIONS
Consequential amendments
1. In section 1( 2) of the Public Order Act 1936 for the words from
66 " 66
except such to person charged " there shall be substituted the
words " except such as are authorised by section 12 of the Criminal
Jurisdiction Act 1975 " .
2.- (1 ) At the end of section 30 of the Theft Act 1968 ( husband
and wife) there shall be added the following subsection-
" ( 5) Notwithstanding section 12 of the Criminal Jurisdiction
Act 1975 subsection (4) of this section shall apply-
( a ) to an arrest ( if without warrant ) made by the wife or
husband, and
( b ) to a warrant of arrest issued on an information laid
by the wife or husband. "
( 2) Proviso (b) to the said section 30( 4), which is superseded by
the said section 12, shall cease to have effect.
3. In section 6( 2) of the Public Order (Amendment) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1970 for the words from " except such " to " person charged "
there shall be substituted the words " except such as are authorised by
section 12 of the Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975. "
с. 59
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1691
SCHEDULE 6
REPEALS
PART I
CONSENT TO PROSECUTIONS
Sec
Chapter
or serial
number
Short title Extent of repeal
46 & 47 Vict. The Explosive Substances In section 7(1) the words from
c. 3. 66 "
Act 1883.
except to the end of the
subsection.
In section 8 the proviso.
1 & 2 Geo. 5.
c. 28. 2 & 3 Geo. 6.
c. 89.
10 & 11 Geo. 6.
c .14 .
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
c.69.
The Official Secrets Act
1911 .
The Trading with the
Enemy Act 1939.
The Exchange Control
Act1947.
The Sexual Offences Act
1956.
In section 1( 4 ) the proviso.
In Part II of Schedule 5 the
proviso to paragraph 2( 1) .
In Schedule 2, in paragraphs 14
and 15 the words " ( subject
however to sections thirteen
and forty of the Children and
Young Persons Act 1933)
"
wherever they occur.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
с. 45.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2.
c . 60.
1967 с. 41 .
The Prevention of Fraud
( Investments) Act 1958.
The Suicide Act 1961 . In sections 1( 3) and 14 ( 7) the
proviso.
In section 2( 4) the words from
"(subject to" to " (3) above) ".
The Marine, &c. , Broad-
casting (Offences) Act
1967.
1967 с. 52. The Tokyo Convention
Act 1967.
In section 6( 5 ) the words from
"but this " to the end of the
subsection.
In section 1( 2) the words from
"
" but the foregoing to the
end of the subsection .
1967 с. 58 . The Criminal Law Act| In section 2( 7) the words from
1967.
" affect the operation to"
66
an offence, nor ".
In section 4(4) the proviso.
1967 с. 60.
The Sexual Offences Act In section 8 the proviso.
1968 с. 60. 1967.
The Theft Act 1968.
1970 с. 10.
In section 30 ( 4 ) proviso (b)
(including " and " at the end
of proviso (a)) .
In section 482( 11) the proviso.
1971 с. 57.
1971 с. 61.
1973 с. 47.
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
The Pool Competitions
Act 1971.
The Mineral Workings
( Offshore Installations)
Act 1971 .
The Protection ofAircraft
Act 1973 .
Section 6(3) .
Section 10 ( 5) .
1974 с. 6.
In section 4( 2) the words from
" but the preceding " to the
end of the subsection.
Section 2( 3).
1974 с. 56. The Biological Weapons
Act 1974.
The Prevention ofTerror-
ism (Temporary Pro-
visions) Act 1974.
In Part II of Schedule 3 para-
graph 4( 2 ) .
Z2
1692 Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975
c .59
SCH. 6
Chapter orserial
number
Short title Extent of repeal
Statutory Instrument
S.I. 1968 No. | The Southern Rhodesia | In Article 16 (6 ) the proviso.
1020 . ( United Nations Sanc-
tions ) ( No. 2) Order
1968.
PART II
PROSECUTIONS IN NORTHERN IRELAND
Chapter
orserial
number
Short title Extent of repeal
52 & 53 Vict. The Public Bodies Cor-
c. 69.
rupt Practices Act 1889.
6Edw. 7. c. 34.
The Prevention of Cor-
ruption Act 1906.
8 Edw. 7. c. 45. The Punishment of Incest
Act 1908.
20Geo. 5. c. 1
( Ν.Ι.) . The Bankruptcy Amend-
ment Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1929.
4& 5Geo. 6.
c. 9 (N.I.). 1953 c . 18
( Ν.Ι. ). 1954 c. 10
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Prevention of Fraud
( Investments) Act ( Nor-
thern Ireland) 1940.
The Prison Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1953.
The Flags and Emblems
( Display) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1954.
1961 C.
( Ν.Ι.) . 15 The Mental Health Act
( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
1966 c . 20
( Ν.Ι.) .
1967 c . 18
( Ν.Ι. ) .
The Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Criminal Law Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967.
In section 4 ( 1), the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid".
In section 2( 1), the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid".
In section 6, the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid ".
In sections 25( 2 ) and 26( 2), the
words from " but nothing "
onwards.
In sections 1( 3) and 13( 7), the
proviso.
In section 37, the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid".
In section 4, the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid ".
In sections 99( 4), 100( 4) and
101 (7) the words from " the
court " to " aforesaid ".
In section 13( 5 ), the words from
" the court " to " aforesaid ".
In section 2( 7 ) the words from
" affect the operation " to
"
an offence, nor " .
In section 4, in subsection (4),
"
the words Subject to sub-
section (5) " , and subsection
( 5 ).
In section 3, in subsection ( 2 ),
the words " Subject to sub-
section (3), " and subsection
(3).
Section 59( 5).
1970 c.
( Ν.Ι. ) .
24 The Prevention of Incite-
ment to Hatred Act
( Northern Ireland) 1970.
1972 с. 11 The Miscellaneous Trans-
( Ν.Ι.) . ferred Excise Duties Act
( Northern Ireland) 1972.
Statutory Instrument
S.I. 1972 No. The Prosecution of | Article 7( 3)(a).
538 (Ν.Ι. 1) . Offences ( Northern Ire-
land) Order 1972.
c .59
Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 1693
PART III
LAW OF EVIDENCE IN NORTHERN IRELAND
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
1968 C. 28 The Criminal Justice Section 1(10).
( Ν.Ι.) . ( Miscellaneous Provi-
sions) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1968.
1968 C. 32 The Criminal Procedure Section 10.
( Ν.Ι.) . ( Committal for Trial )
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1968.
SCH . 6
PART IV
OTHER REPEALS
Serial
number
S.R. &O. 1923
No. 405.
Short title
The Irish Free State (Con-
sequential Adaptation
of Enactments) Order
1923.
Extent of repeal
In the Schedule the entry for
the Explosive Substances Act
1883.
Z3
c. 60 1695
THONIS

MON DROLL

Social Security Pensions
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 60
An Act to provide for relating the rates of social security
retirement pensions and certain other benefits to the
earnings on which contributions have been paid ; to
enable employed earners to be contracted-out of full
social security contributions and benefits where the
requisite benefits are provided by an occupational
pension scheme; to make provision for securing that
men and women are afforded equal access to occupa-
tional pension schemes; and to make other amend-
ments in the law relating to social security (including
an amendment of Part II of the Social Security Act
1975 introducing a new non-contributory benefit called
" mobility allowance ") ; and to make other provision
about occupational pensions . [ 7th August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
CONTRIBUTIONS
1. ( 1 ) For the purposes of the Social Security Act 1975 (in Earnings
this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") and this Act-
limits .
(a) the lower earnings limit for Class 1 contributions (level
1975 с. 14.
of weekly earnings at which liability for such contribu-
tions arises) ; and
(b) the upper earnings limit for Class 1 contributions
( maximum amount of weekly earnings in respect of
which such contributions are payable) ,
Z 4
1696 PART I
Rates of
contributions
in respect of
employed
earners .
Married
women and
widows.
c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
for any tax year shall be such amounts as may be specified for
that year by regulations made in accordance with subsections
(2) and (3) below.
( 2 ) The amount specified as the lower earnings limit for any
tax year shall be an amount equal to or not more than 49p
less than-
( a ) the sum which at the beginning of that year is specified
in section 6( 1) (a) below ; or
( b ) that sum as increased by any Act or order passed or
made before the beginning of that year and taking effect
before 6th May in that year.
( 3) The amount specified as the upper earnings limit for any
tax year shall be an amount which either-
( a ) is equal to seven times the sum by reference to which
the lower earnings limit for that year is specified in
accordance with subsection (2) above ; or
(b) exceeds or falls short of seven times that sum by an
amount not exceeding half that sum.
2.- (1 ) In section 4( 6) of the principal Act (rates of Class 1
contributions) —
( a) for the reference to 5.5 per cent. ( primary contribution)
there shall be substituted a reference to 6.5 per cent. ;
and
( b) for the reference to 8.5 per cent. ( secondary contribu-
tion ) there shall be substituted a reference to 10 per
cent.
( 2) Subsection (1) above is without prejudice to the power
conferred by section 122 of the principal Act to alter the
percentage rates for primary and secondary Class 1 contribu-
tions ; and if that subsection comes into force without any order
having been made under that section altering either or both of
the rates specified in that subsection the Secretary of State shall
lay before Parliament a report explaining why he considers
those rates to be appropriate.
3.-(1) The provisions of the principal Act whereby primary
Class 1 contributions may be paid at a reduced rate and
Class 2 contributions need not be paid by a married woman or
widow shall cease to have effect.
( 2) As respects any woman who is married or a widow when
subsection ( 1 ) above comes into force regulations shall provide-
( a) for enabling her to elect that her liability in respect of
primary Class 1 contributions shall be a liability to
contribute at such reduced rate as may be prescribed ;
and
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1697
( b ) either for enabling her to elect that her liability in
respect of Class 2 contributions shall be a liability to
contribute at such reduced rate as may be prescribed
or for enabling her to elect that she shall be under
no liability to pay such contributions ; and
( c ) for enabling her to revoke any such election.
(3) Regulations under subsection (2 ) above may-
( a ) provide for the making or revocation of any election
under the regulations to be subject to prescribed
exceptions and conditions ;
( b) preclude a person who has made such an election from
paying Class 3 contributions while the election has
effect;
(c ) provide for treating an election made or revoked for
the purpose of any provision of the regulations as made
or revoked also for the purpose of any other provision
of the regulations ;
( d ) provide for treating an election made in accordance
with regulations under section 130( 2) of the principal
Act as made for the purpose of regulations under this
section.
( 4 ) Regulations may provide for earnings factors to be
derived, for such purposes as may be prescribed, from contribu-
tions which by virtue of regulations under subsection ( 2) above
are paid at a reduced rate ; and if provision is made for a
person to have earnings factors so derived for the purpose of
establishing entitlement to any benefit, the regulations may, in
relation to that person, vary or add to the requirements for
entitlement to that benefit.
PART I
4.-( 1) No primary Class 1 contribution shall be payable in Persons over
respect of earnings paid to or for the benefit of an employed pensionable
earner in respect of any period after he attains pensionable age, age .
but without prejudice to any liability to pay secondary Class 1
contributions in respect of any such earnings .
( 2) No Class 2 contributions shall be payable by an earner
in respect of any period after he attains pensionable age .
( 3) In section 9(8) (b) of the principal Act (exception from
liability to pay Class 4 contributions for persons who have
attained pensionable age and retired from regular employment)
the words " and retired from regular employment " shall be
omitted.
5.-( 1 ) No person shall be entitled to pay a Class 3 contribu- Voluntary
tion in respect of any tax year if his earnings factor, or the contributions.
aggregate of his earnings factors, for that year derived from
1698 c.60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART I
Rate of
Category A
retirement
pension.
contributions actually paid is equal to or exceeds the qualifying
earnings factor for that year ; and regulations may provide for
precluding the payment of Class 3 contributions in other cases.
( 2) Regulations may provide for the repayment of Class 3
contributions that have been paid in cases where their payment
was precluded by, or by regulations made under, subsection (1)
above ; and contributions repayable by virtue of any such regu-
lations shall, for the purpose of determining the contributor's
entitlement to any benefit, be treated as not having been paid.
( 3) In subsection (1) above and in the subsequent provisions
of this Act " qualifying earnings factor ", in relation to any
tax year, means an earnings factor equal to the lower earnings
limit for that year multiplied by 52.
PART II
BENEFITS
Category A and B retirement pensions
6.- ( 1 ) The weekly rate of a Category A retirement pension
shall consist of-
( a ) a basic component of £11 · 60 ; and
( b) an additional component payable where there are one
or more surpluses in the pensioner's earnings factors
for the relevant years .
( 2) The additional component shall be the weekly equivalent
of 14 per cent. of the amount of the surpluses mentioned in
subsection ( 1) (b) above or, if there are more than 20 such
surpluses, of those 20 which are the largest.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 2) above the weekly
equivalent of the amount there mentioned shall be calculated
by dividing that amount by 52 and rounding the result to the
nearest whole penny, taking tp as nearest to the next whole
penny above.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section-
( a) there is a surplus in the pensioner's earnings factor
for a relevant year if that factor exceeds the qualifying
earnings factor for the final relevant year ; and
( b) the amount of the surplus is the amount of that
excess ;
and for the purposes of paragraph (a) above the pensioner's
earnings factor for any relevant year shall be taken to be
that factor as increased by any order or orders that have come
into force under section 21 below before the end of the final
relevant year.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1699
( 5) References in this section to the pensioner's earnings
PART II
factor for any relevant year are references to the aggregate of
his earnings factors derived from contributions actually paid by
him in respect of that year.
( 6 ) In this section " relevant year " means any tax year (not
being earlier than the first tax year for which lower and upper
earnings limits are specified under section 1 above ) in the period
between (inclusive) the tax year in which the pensioner attained
the age of 16 and (exclusive ) the tax year in which he attained
pensionable age and " final relevant year " means the last tax
year which is a relevant year in relation to the pensioner.
7.-( 1 ) The weekly rate of a woman's Category B retirement Rate of
pension payable widow's
CategoryB
( a) by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of section 29 of the retirement
principal Act during any period after the death of the pension.
husband ; or
( b) by virtue of subsection ( 4) of that section where the
husband was over pensionable age when he died,
shall be determined in the manner specified in section 6 above
for a Category A retirement pension, taking references in that
section to the pensioner as references to the husband.
( 2) The weekly rate of a woman's Category B retirement
pension payable by virtue of subsection (4 ) of section 29 of
the principal Act where the husband was under pensionable
age when he died shall be determined in the manner specified
in section 6 above for a Category A retirement pension, taking
references in that section to the pensioner and the tax year in
which he attained pensionable age as references to the husband
and the tax year in which he died.
8 .-( 1) A man who has retired from regular employment shall Category B
be entitled to a Category B retirement pension if- retirement
pension for
( a) he has had a wife and she has died, and he was married widower.
to her when she died; and
(b) they were both over pensionable age when she died ;
and
( c ) she either was entitled to a Category A retirement
pension or would have been so entitled if she had
retired on the date of her death.
( 2 ) The weekly rate of a man's Category B retirement pension
under this section shall be determined in the manner specified
in section 6 above for a Category A retirement pension, taking
references in that section to the pensioner as references to the
wife .
1700 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART II
Special
provision for
surviving
spouses.
Special provision for married
women.
Application
ofearnings
rule.
Deferred
retirement.
( 3) Subject to the provisions of the principal Act , a man's
Category B retirement pension under this section shall com-
mence from the date on which he becomes entitled to it under
subsection ( 1 ) above and shall be payable for his life.
9.- (1) This section has effect where but for section 27(6) of
the principal Act (prevention of double entitlement ) a person
would be entitled both
( a) to a Category A retirement pension ; and
(b ) to a Category B retirement pension under section 8
above or a Category B retirement pension under
section 29 of the principal Act by virtue of the con-
tributions of a husband who has died.
( 2) If by reason of a deficiency of contributions the basic
component in the Category A retirement pension falls short
of the sum specified in section 6(1 )( a ) above, that component
shall be increased by the amount of the shortfall or the amount
of the basic component in the rate of the Category B retire-
ment pension, whichever is the less.
(3) If the additional component in the Category A retirement
pension falls short of the prescribed maximum, that component
shall be increased by the amount of the shortfall or the amount
of the additional component in the rate of the Category B
retirement pension, whichever is the less.
10.- ( 1 ) This section has effect where but for section 27(6) of
the principal Act a married woman would be entitled both-
( a) to a Category A retirement pension ; and
( b) to a Category B retirement pension by virtue of the
contributions of her husband.
( 2) If by reason of a deficiency of contributions the basic
component in the Category A retirement pension falls short
of the weekly rate specified in paragraph 9 of Part I of
Schedule 4 to the principal Act ( married woman's Category B
retirement pension), that component shall be increased by the
amount of the shortfall or the amount of the weekly rate of
the Category B retirement pension, whichever is the less.
11. In section 30(1) of the principal Act (which provides for
a reduction in the weekly rate of a Category A or Category B
retirement pension where the pensioner has earnings over a
specified amount) the reference to the weekly rate of pension
shall be construed as a reference to that rate exclusive of the
additional component and of any graduated retirement benefit.
12. Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect for increasing the
rate of a Category Aor Category B retirement pension in cases
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60
1701
where a person defers his retirement after attaining pensionable PART II
age.
Widow's benefit
13.-( 1 ) Where a woman becomes entitled to a widowed Rate of
mother's allowance or a widow's pension in consequence of widowed
mother's
the death of her husband and he was over pensionable age allowance
when he died, the weekly rate of that allowance or pension and widow's
shall, subject to subsection ( 3) below, be determined in the pension.
manner specified in section 6 above for a Category A retirement
pension, taking references in that section to the pensioner as
references to the husband.
( 2 ) Where a woman becomes entitled to a widowed mother's
allowance or widow's pension in consequence of the death of
her husband and he was under pensionable age when he died, the
weekly rate of that allowance or pension shall, subject to sub-
section (3) below, be determined in the manner specified in
section 6 above for a Category A retirement pension, taking
references in that section to the pensioner and the tax year in
which he attained pensionable age as references to the husband
and to the tax year in which he died.
( 3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall, so far as
they relate to a widow's pension, have effect subject to section
26( 2) of the principal Act ( reduction of widow's pension for
woman under 50) .
Invalidity benefit and disablement pension
14. Subject to subsection (4) of section 15 of the principal Rate of
Act ( persons over pensionable age), the weekly rate of an invalidity
invalidity pension under that section shall for any period of inter- pension for
ruption of employment be determined in the manner specified in persons under
pensionable
section 6 above for a Category A retirement pension, taking the age.
reference in that section to the tax year in which the pensioner
attained pensionable age as a reference to the tax year which
includes or included the first day of entitlement to the pension
in that period.
15.-( 1 ) This section applies to a woman who-
Invalidity
( a ) ceases to be entitled to a widow's allowance without pension for
widows.
becoming entitled to a widowed mother's allowance or
ceases to be entitled to a widowed mother's allowance ;
and
( b) when she so ceases is incapable of work ; and
( c ) either-
(i) would have been entitled to a widow's pension
if she had been over the age of 40 when her husband
died or when she ceased to be entitled to a widowed
mother's allowance ; or
1702 PART II c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
(ii ) is entitled to such a pension with a reduction
under section 26(2) of the principal Act.
( 2) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, a woman to whom this
section applies shall be entitled to an invalidity pension under
this section for any day of incapacity for work which-
( a) falls in a period of interruption of employment that
began before the time when she ceased to be entitled
as mentioned in subsection ( 1)( a) above ; and
( b) is after that time and after the first 168 days of incaра-
city for work in that period.
( 3) An invalidity pension under this section shall be payable
at-
( a ) the weekly rate that would apply if the pension were
payable under section 15 of the principal Act ; or
( b) the weekly rate specified in subsection ( 4 ) below,
whichever is the higher.
( 4) The weekly rate mentioned in subsection ( 3)(b) above is
( a ) if the woman is not entitled to a widow's pension, a
weekly rate equal to that of the widow's pension to
which she would have been entitled if she had been
over the age of 50 when her husband died ; and
( b) if she is entitled to a widow's pension with a reduction
under the said section 26( 2 ), a weekly rate equal to the
difference between the weekly rate of that pension and
what it would have been without the reduction.
( 5 ) A woman shall not be entitled to an invalidity pension
under this section if she is over pensionable age and has retired
from regular employment ; but if she retires from regular employ-
ment, having attained pensionable age, and the period of inter-
ruption of employment mentioned in subsection (2)(a) above
did not terminate earlier than the day before she attained that
age-
( a) she shall, if not otherwise entitled to a Category Aretire
ment pension, be entitled to such a pension ; and
( b) the weekly rate of the Category A retirement pension to
which she is entitled ( whether by virtue of paragraph
( a ) above or otherwise) shall be determined in the
manner specified in subsection (3) above for an
invalidity pension under this section.
(6) No invalidity pension shall be payable under section 15
of the principal Act for any day of incapacity for which an
invalidity pension of payable under this section.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1703
16.-( 1 ) This section applies to a man whose wife has died
PART II
and who either-
Invalidity
( a) was incapable of work at the time when she died ; or
pension for widowers .
( b) becomes incapable of work within the prescribed period
after that time.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, a man to whom this
section applies shall be entitled to an invalidity pension under
this section for any day of incapacity for work which-
( a) falls in aperiod of interruption of employment that began
before the time when his wife died or within the
prescribed period after that time ; and
(b) is after that time and after the first 168 days of incapa-
city for work in that period .
( 3) An invalidity pension under this section shall be payable
at-
( a ) the weekly rate that would apply if the pension were
payable under section 15 of the principal Act ; or
(b) the weekly rate specified in subsection (4 ) below,
whichever is the higher.
( 4 ) Where the man's wife was over pensionable age when she
died the weekly rate mentioned in paragraph ( b) of subsection
( 3) above is a rate determined in the manner specified in section
6 above for a Category A retirement pension, taking references
in that section to the pensioner as references to the wife ; and
where the man's wife was under pensionable age when she died
the weekly rate mentioned in that paragraph is a rate determined
in the manner specified in section 6 above for a Category A
retirement pension, taking references in that section to the pen-
sioner and the tax year in which he attained pensionable age as
references to the wife and the tax year in which she died.
( 5) A man shall not be entitled to an invalidity pension under
this section if he is over pensionable age and has retired from
regular employment ; but if he retires from regular employment,
having attained pensionable age, and the period of interruption
of employment mentioned in subsection (2)(a) above did not
terminate earlier than the day before he attained that age
( a) he shall, if not otherwise entitled to a Category A
retirement pension and also not entitled to a Category
B retirement pension by virtue of section 8 above,
be entitled to a Category A retirement pension ; and
( b ) the weekly rate of the Category A retirement pension
to which he is entitled (whether by virtue of paragraph
( a ) above or otherwise) shall be determined in the
manner specified in subsection (3) above for an
invalidity pension under this section.
1704 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART II
( 6 ) No invalidity pension shall be payable under section 15
of the principal Act for any day of incapacity for which an
invalidity pension is payable under this section.
Invalidity
17. In section 16( 2) of the principal Act ( rates of invalidity
allowance and allowance) and paragraph 5 of Part V of Schedule 4 to that Act
disablement
pension.
( rates of increase in unemployability supplement to disablement
pension ) -
( a) in paragraph (a) ( rate if beneficiary is under the age of
35) for " 35 " there shall be substituted " 40 " ;
( b) in paragraph (b) ( rate if beneficiary is under the age of
45 ) for " 45 " there shall be substituted " 50 ".
Unemployment and sickness benefit
Rate of
18.-( 1) The rate of unemployment or sickness benefit shall
unemploy-
ment and
be the same for all persons entitled by virtue of subsection (2) (a)
sickness
of section 14 of the principal Act (persons under pensionable
benefit for
age) ; and accordingly for subsections (4 ) and (5 ) of that section
persons under pensionable
( which provide for a higher or lower rate of benefit for such
persons according to whether or not they are married women)
age.
there shall be substituted-
" (4 ) In the case of a person entitled under subsection
( 2)( a) above, unemployment or sickness benefit shall be
payable at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in
Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph 1. "
( 2 ) In paragraph 1 of Part I of Schedule 4 to that Act for the
entry in the second column there shall be substituted “ £9.80 ”.
Contribution conditions and earnings factors
Contribution
19.-( 1 ) Paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 to the principal Act (con-
conditions for tribution conditions for Category Aand B retirement pensions,
retirement
widowed mother's allowance and widow's pension) shall be
pensions, widowed
amended in accordance with subsections ( 2) and ( 3) below.
mother's
allowance
( 2) In sub -paragraphs (2)(b) and (3)(b) (earnings factor for any
and widow's
year to be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multi-
pension.
plied by 50) for the words " not less than that year's lower earn-
ings limit multiplied by 50 " there shall be substituted the words
not less than the qualifying earnings factor for that year "."
( 3) After sub- paragraph ( 5 ) there shall be added-
" (6) In relation to Category A and Category B retire-
ment pension, the second condition shall be deemed to be
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
satisfied notwithstanding that paragraphs ( a) and ( b) of sub- paragraph (3) above are not complied with as respects each
of the requisite number of years if-
( a) those paragraphs are complied with as respects not
less than 20 of that number of years ; and
( b ) in each of the other years the contributor concerned
was, within the meaning of regulations, precluded
from regular employment by responsibilities at
home.
( 7 ) In relation to a widowed mother's allowance and
widow's pension, the second condition shall be deemed to
be satisfied notwithstanding that paragraphs (a) and (b) of
sub - paragraph ( 3) above are not complied with as respects
each of the requisite number of years if-
( a) those paragraphs are complied with as respects at
least half that number of years (or at least 20 of
them, if that is less than half ) ; and
( b) in each of the other years the contributor concerned
was, within the meaning of regulations, precluded
from regular employment by responsibilities at
home ".
( 4) Section 28( 2) of the principal Act (woman married under
the age of 55 entitled to Category A retirement pension only if
she has the necessary earnings factors for at least half the years
between marriage and pensionable age) shall cease to have effect.
( 5 ) In section 33 of the principal Act (partial satisfaction of
contribution conditions) the following subsection shall be
added-
66 ( 4) Regulations may provide that where-
( a) a person is entitled by virtue of this section to a
Category A or Category B retirement pension con-
sisting only of the additional component with no
basic component ; and
( b) that pension, and any graduated retirement benefit
to which he may be entitled, together amount to
less than the prescribed rate,
the person's entitlement as respects that Category A or Cate-
gory B retirement pension shall be satisfied either altogether
or for a prescribed period by the making of a single
payment of the prescribed amount."
20.-( 1 ) Where a person-
( a ) has been married ; and
( b) in respect of the tax year in which the marriage
terminated or any previous tax year, does not with his
1705
PART II
Use of former
spouse's
contributions .
1706 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART II
Revaluation
of earnings
factors .
own contributions satisfy the contribution conditions
for a Category A retirement pension,
then, for the purpose of enabling him to satisfy those conditions,
the contributions of his former spouse may to the prescribed
extent be treated as if they were his own contributions.
( 2) Where a person has been married more than once this
section applies only to the last marriage and the reference to
that person's former spouse shall be construed accordingly.
(3) Section 28(3) of the principal Act and Schedule 7 to that
Act (widow's right to Category A retirement pension on late
husband's contributions) shall cease to have effect.
21.-(1 ) This section shall have effect for the purpose of secur-
ing that earnings factors relevant to the calculation of the
additional component in the rate of any long-term benefit main-
tain their value in relation to the general level of earnings
obtaining in Great Britain .
(2) The Secretary of State shall in each tax year review the
general level of earnings obtaining in Great Britain and any
changes in that level which have taken place since the last review
under this section ; and for the purposes of any such review the
Secretary of State shall estimate the general level of earnings in
such manner as he thinks fit .
( 3) If on any such review the Secretary of State concludes that
earnings factors for any previous tax year (not being earlier than
the first tax year for which lower and upper earnings limits are
specified under section 1 above) have not maintained their value
in relation to the general level of earnings he shall prepare and
lay before each House of Parliament the draft of an order direct-
ing that those earnings factors shall, for the purpose of any such
calculation as is mentioned in subsection (1) above, be increased
by such percentage of their amount apart from the order as he
thinks necessary to restore their value.
( 4) Subsection ( 3) above shall not require the Secretary of State
to direct any increase where it appears to him that the increase
would be inconsiderable.
( 5 ) If on any such review the Secretary of State determines that
he is not required to prepare and lay the draft of an order as
aforesaid he shall instead lay before each House of Parliament
a report explaining his reasons for arriving at that determination.
(6) If a draft order laid before Parliament in pursuance of this
section is approved by resolution of each House the Secretary of
State shall make the order in the form of the draft.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1707
( 7) The first review under this section shall be in the second
PART II
tax year for which lower and upper earnings limits are specified
under section 1 above ; and in relation to that review subsection
( 2 ) above shall have effect as if for the reference to the last
review there were substituted a reference to the beginning of the
first tax year for which those limits are so specified.
Supplementary
22.-( 1 ) In Chapter II of Part II of the principal Act ( non- Mobility
contributory benefits) the following is inserted after section 37_ allowance.
"Mobility 37A.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section,
allowance. a person who satisfies prescribed conditions as to
residence or presence in Great Britain shall be
entitled to a mobility allowance for any period
throughout which he is suffering from physical dis-
ablement such that he is either unable to walk or vir-
tually unable to do so.
( 2) Regulations may prescribe the circumstances
in which a person is or is not to be treated for the
purposes of this section as suffering from such physi-
cal disablement as is mentioned above ; but a person
qualifies for the allowance only if-
( a) his inability or virtual inability to walk is
likely to persist for at least 12 months from
the time when a claim for the allowance is
received by the Secretary of State ; and
( b) during most of that period his condition will
be such as permits him from time to time to
benefit from enhanced facilities for loco-
motion.
(3) The weekly rate of a mobility allowance shall
be that specified in Schedule 4 to this Act, Part III,
paragraph 3A.
(4) In the tax year 1976-77, and thereafter in each
subsequent tax year, the Secretary of State shall
consider whether the rate of mobility allowance
should be increased having regard to the national
economic situation as a whole, the general standard
of living and such other matters as he thinks relevant.
(5) No person shall be entitled to a mobility allow-
ance-
( a ) in respect of a period in which he is under
the age of 5 or over pensionable age ;
( b) except in prescribed cases, for any week
before that in which a claim for the allow-
ance by or in respect of him is received by
the Secretary of State.
1708 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART II
1968 с. 46.
( 6 ) Regulations may prescribe cases in which
mobility allowance is not to be payable, or is to be
payable at a reduced rate, while the person otherwise
entitled has the use-
( a ) of an invalid carriage or other vehicle pro-
vided by the Secretary of State under section
33 of the Health Services and Public Health
Act 1968 ; or
(b) of any prescribed description of appliance
supplied under the enactments relating to
the National Health Service being such an
appliance as is primarily designed to afford
a means of personal and independent
locomotion out of doors .
( 7 ) Except so far as may be provided by regula-
tions, the question of a person's entitlement to a
mobility allowance shall be determined as at the date
when a claim for the allowance is received by the
Secretary of State.
(8) A payment to or in respect of any person by
way of a mobility allowance, and the right to receive
such a payment, shall (except in prescribed circum-
stances and for prescribed purposes) be disregarded
in applying any enactment or instrument under which
regard is to be had to a person's means. " .
( 2) In Part III of Schedule 4 to the principal Act there is
inserted:
" 3A. Mobility allowance.. £ 5".
( 3) Regulations may make provision-
( a ) for permitting a claim for a mobility allowance to be
made, or treated as if made, for a period beginning after
the date on which the claim is made ;
( b) for permitting an award on any such claim to be made
for a period beginning after the date on which the claim
is made subject to the condition that the person in
respect of whom the claim is made satisfies the pre-
scribed requirements for entitlement when benefit
becomes payable under the award ;
( c) for the review of any such award if those requirements
are found not to have been satisfied.
( 4) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a person for
receiving a mobility allowance for a period not exceeding six
weeks on any disqualification if he fails without good cause to
attend for, or to submit himself to, such medical or other exami-
nation or treatment as may be required in accordance with the
regulations.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1709
( 5 ) In the case of regulations under section 114( 1 ) of the prin-
PART II
cipal Act (determination of questions), so far as they relate to
any question arising in connection with mobility allowance, sub-
section (3) of that section ( determination of questions by Secre-
tary of State's officer ; reference of question to local tribunal,
etc.) shall not apply.
( 6 ) Section 139 of the principal Act ( consultation with
National Insurance Advisory Committee) shall not apply to any
regulations contained in an instrument which states that they
relate only to mobility allowance and are made consequentially
on the introduction of the allowance.
23.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (4) and ( 5) below, the provisions Increase of
of sections 124 to 126 of the principal Act ( power and duty to long-term
benefits .increase rates of benefit under that Act ) shall apply also to
( a ) the sum specified in section 6( 1)(a) above ;
( b) the sums which are the additional components in the
rates of long-term benefits ;
(c ) the sums which are the increases in the rates of retire-
ment pensions under Schedule 1 to this Act so far as
attributable to additional components in such pensions ;
and
( d ) the sums which are such increases so far as not so
attributable.
( 2) Any increase under the said section 124 of the sums
mentioned in subsection ( 1 )(b) above shall take the form of a
direction that those sums shall be increased by a specified per-
centage of their amount apart from the order and shall apply
only in relation to additional components calculated under
section 6 above by reference to final relevant years which are-
( a ) earlier than the tax year preceding that in which the
order comes into force ; or
(b) if the order comes into force on or after 6th May in any
tax year, earlier than that year.
( 3) Any increase under the said section 124 of the sums
mentioned in subsection ( 1)(c) or (d ) above shall take the form
of a direction that those sums shall be increased by a specified
percentage of their amount apart from the order and shall apply
only in relation to sums calculated under Schedule 1 to this Act
by reference to periods of deferment which have ended before
the coming into force of the order.
( 4 ) For the purposes of any review under section 125 of the
principal Act (review of benefits by reference to earnings or
prices ) the Secretary of State shall, as respects the sums
1710 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART II
Power to
modify
provisions
about
graduated
retirement
benefit.
1965 с. 51 .
1975 с. 18.
Simultaneous
entitlement
to more than
one pension.
mentioned in paragraphs (a ) and ( d ) of subsection ( 1) above,
have regard to earnings or prices according to which he
considers more advantageous to beneficiaries and, as respects
the sums mentioned in paragraphs (b) and (c) of that subsection,
toprices.
(5) The reference in section 126( 5) of the principal Act to
the date on which the provision fixing the current amount of
a sum came into force shall be construed-
( a ) in relation to any increase of the sums mentioned in
paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection (1 ) above, as a
reference to the date on which the last order made by
virtue of that paragraph came into force or, if no
such order has been made, to the beginning of the
second tax year for which lower and upper earnings
limits are specified under section 1 above ;
( b) in relation to any increase in the sums mentioned in
paragraph (d ) of that subsection, as a reference to the
date on which the provision fixing the current amount
of the sum specified in section 6( 1)(a) above came into
force.
24.- (1 ) So long as sections 36 and 37 of the National Insur-
ance Act 1965 (graduated retirement benefit ) continue in force by
virtue of regulations made under Schedule 3 to the Social
Security ( Consequential Provisions) Act 1975, regulations may
make provision-
(a) for applying the provisions of sections 124 to 126 of
the principal Act to the amount of graduated retire-
ment benefit payable for each unit of graduated
contributions and to increases of such benefit under
any provisions made by virtue of paragraph (b) below ;
(b) for replacing section 36( 4) of the National Insurance
Act 1965 (increase of graduated retirement benefit in
cases of deferred retirement) with provisions corre-
sponding to those of paragraphs 1 to 3 of Schedule 1
to this Act ;
(c) for extending section 37 of that Act (increase of woman's
retirement pension by reference to her late husband's
graduated retirement benefit) to men and their late
wives.
( 2 ) This section is without prejudice to any power to modify
the said sections 36 and 37 conferred by Schedule 3 to the said
Act of 1975.
25.-( 1 ) Where under Part II of the principal Act ( whether
Chapter I or Chapter II) a person would, but for section 27(6)
of that Act, be entitled to more than one retirement pension,
1
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60
1711
he may give notice in writing to the Secretary of State from
time to time stating which of the pensions he wishes to receive ;
and that pension shall then be the one to which he is entitled
in respect of any week commencing after the date of the notice.
( 2 ) If no such notice is given, the person shall be entitled
( whichever pension he may have claimed) to whichever one
is from time to time the most favourable to him .
PART II
PART III
CONTRACTING-OUT
Preliminary
26.-( 1 ) This Part of this Act shall have effect for the purpose Contracting-
of reducing- out of full
contributions
( a ) the rates at which contributions are payable under Part and benefits.
I of the principal Act by or in respect of an earner
in employed earner's employment ; and
( b) the rate of any Category A or Category B retirement
pension, widowed mother's allowance or widow's
pension payable by virtue of contributions at such
reduced rates,
where an occupational pension scheme provides for the earner
and his widow to be entitled to the requisite benefits and the
earner's employment is contracted-out by reference to the scheme.
( 2 ) In this Part of this Act " the requisite benefits " means the
pensions which are provided by an occupational pension scheme
in accordance with the requirements of sections 33 and 36
below; and " guaranteed minimum pension " means any such
pension to the extent to which its weekly rate is equal to the
earner's or widow's guaranteed minimum as determined for the
purposes of those sections respectively.
Contracted- out rates of contributions and benefits
27.-( 1 ) Where the earnings paid to or for the benefit of Contracted- out
an earner in any tax week are in respect of an employment rates of
Class 1which is contracted- out employment at the time of the payment, contributions .
the amount of a Class 1 contribution shall be the aggregate of-
( a) the normal percentage of so much of the earnings paid
in that week in respect of the employment as does not
exceed the current lower earnings limit ; and
( b) the contracted- out percentage of so much of those
earnings as exceeds that limit but does not exceed the
current upper earnings limit.
1712 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above-
" the normal percentage " means the percentage that would
apply for the calculation of the amount of the contribu-
tion if the employment were not contracted- out
employment ;
"
"the contracted- out percentage means-
( a ) in the case of a primary Class 1 contribution,
a percentage less by 2.5 than the normal per-
centage ;
( b) in the case of a secondary Class 1 contribu-
tion, a percentage less by 4.5 than the normal
percentage.
( 3) In the case of earners paid otherwise than weekly the
references in subsection ( 1 ) above to the current lower or upper
earnings limit shall be construed as references to the prescribed
equivalents.
( 4 ) Where earnings are paid to or for the benefit of an earner
in respect of an employment after he has ceased to be employed
in it , that employment shall be treated for the purposes of sub-
section ( 1 ) above as contracted- out employment at the time when
the earnings are paid if it was contracted- out employment in
relation to the earner when he was last employed in it.
(5) This section shall not affect the amount of any primary
Class 1 contribution which is payable at a reduced rate by virtue
of regulations under section 3 above.
( 6 ) For the purposes of section 1 ( 5) of the principal Act
( Treasury supplement to contributions calculated by reference
to contributions paid in a tax year) contributions paid in accord-
ance with this section in any tax year shall be treated as having
amounted to such sum as would have been their amount if they
had been paid at the rates applicable apart from this section ;
and that sum shall be estimated by the Secretary of State in
accordance with any directions given by the Treasury.
Review and
28.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may from time to time , and
alteration of shall when required by subsection (3) below, lay before each
contracted-out House of Parliament-
rates of
Class 1
( a ) a report by the Government Actuary on the contracted-
contributions .
out percentages for the time being applying under
section 27 above and any changes in the factors
affecting the cost to occupational pension schemes of
providing guaranteed minimum pensions ; and
( b) a report by the Secretary of State stating whether he
considers that, in view of the Government Actuary's
report, there should be an alteration in either or both
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1713
of those percentages and, if so, what alteration is in PART III
his opinion required.
( 2 ) The changes referred to in paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 1)
above are, in the case of the first report under that paragraph,
changes since the passing of this Act and, in the case of a
subsequent report, changes since the preparation of the last
report .
( 3) The Secretary of State shall lay such reports as aforesaid
as soon as may be after the third anniversary of the coming
into force of this section and thereafter at intervals of not more
than five years .
( 4) If in a report under subsection ( 1) ( b) above the Secretary
of State states that he considers that there should be an altera-
tion in either or both of the contracted-out percentages, he shall
prepare and lay before each House of Parliament with the report
the draft of an order making that alteration ; and if the draft is
approved by resolution of each House the Secretary of State
shall make the order in the form of the draft.
( 5) An order under subsection ( 4) above shall have effect from
the beginning of such tax year as may be specified in the order,
but not a tax year earlier than the second after that in which the
order is made.
( 6 ) No alteration of the contracted-out percentages shall intro-
duce any distinction on grounds of age or sex.
29.-( 1 ) Where for any period a person is entitled both-
Contracted-out
rates of
(a ) to a Category A or Category B retirement pension, a benefit .
widowed mother's allowance or a widow's pension ; and
( b) to one or more guaranteed minimum pensions,
the weekly rate of the benefit mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above
shall for that period be reduced by an amount equal to its
additional component or, if less, an amount equal to the
weekly rate or aggregate weekly rates of the pension or pen-
sions mentioned in paragraph (b) above.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section a person shall be treated
as entitled to any guaranteed minimum pension to which he
wouldhave been entitled if a lump sum had not been paid instead
of that pension under provisions included in a scheme by virtue
of section 39 below or if that pension had not been forfeited
under any such provisions.
(3) References in this section to the weekly rate of a guaran-
teed minimum pension are references to that rate without any
increase under section 35( 6) below.
1714 c. 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
Arrangements for contracting- out
Contracted- out
30.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act , the employment
employment. of an earner in employed earner's employment is contracted-
out employment in relation to him during any period in
which he is under pensionable age and-
( a) his service in the employment is for the time being
service which qualifies him for the requisite benefits of
an occupational pension scheme ; and
( b ) the scheme is a contracted-out scheme in relation to that
employment ; and
( c ) there is in force a certificate, issued by the Occupational
66
Pensions Board and known as a contracting- out
certificate ", that the employment is contracted- out
employment by reference to the scheme.
( 2 ) Where it is a condition of a scheme that the earner shall
complete a specified minimum period of service before qualify-
ing for requisite benefits in excess of guaranteed minimum pen-
sions, then in determining whether his service qualifies him as
mentioned in subsection (1) ( a) above at a time when he has not
completed that period of service, the assumption is to be made
that he will complete it ; but in such a case for the employment
to be contracted-out by reference to the scheme-
( a) the minimum period must not be more than five years ;
(b) any service during that period must count towards
guaranteed minimum pensions ; and
(c) any service in the period must, when the period is com-
pleted, count towards all the requisite benefits of the
scheme.
( 3) Any contracting-out certificate for the time being in force
in respect of an employed earner's employment shall be con-
clusive that the employment is contracted- out employment.
( 4) Regulations shall provide for the determination by the
Board of any question whether an employment is to be treated
as contracted-out employment or as to the persons in relation
to whom, or the period for which, an employment is to be so
treated .
1972 с. 53 .
(5) In section 4 of the Contracts of Employment Act 1972
( which requires an employer to give his employees written state-
ments of their terms of employment and requires any such
statement to include a note specifying certain additional matters)
after subsection (2)(c) there shall be inserted the words " and-
( d ) stating whether a contracting-out certificate is in force
for the employment in respect of which the statement is
given, " ;
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1715
but nothing in this subsection shall be taken as authorising or requiring any tribunal acting under that Act to determine any
question whether an employment is, has been or will be
contracted - out employment.
PART III
31.-( 1 ) Regulations shall provide for the issue by the Contracting-
Occupational Pensions Board to employers of contracting - out out certificates .
certificates specifying-
( a ) the employments which are to be treated, either
generally or in relation to any specified description of
earners, as contracted- out employments ; and
( b) the occupational pension schemes by reference to which
those employments are to be so treated.
( 2) Regulations shall also provide for the cancellation,
variation or surrender of any contracting-out certificate, or the
issue of an amended certificate, on any change of circumstances
affecting the treatment of an employment as contracted-out
employment.
( 3) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, an
employment otherwise satisfying the conditions for inclusion
in a contracting-out certificate shall be so included if and so
long as the employer so elects and not otherwise ; and subject
to subsection (4 ) below an election may be so made, and an
employment so included, either generally or in relation only to
a particular description of earners .
( 4 ) Except in such cases as may be prescribed, an employer
shall not, in making or abstaining from making any election
under this section, discriminate between different earners on
any grounds other than the nature of their employment ; and
if the Occupational Pensions Board consider that an employer
is contravening this subsection in relation to any scheme they may
refuse to give effect to any election made by him in relation to
that scheme or cancel any contracting- out certificate held by him
in respect of that scheme.
(5) Regulations may make provision-
( a) for regulating the manner in which an employer is to
make an election with a view to the issue, variation or
surrender of a contracting- out certificate ;
( b) for requiring an employer to give a notice of his inten-
tions in respect of making or abstaining from making
any such election in relation to any existing or proposed
scheme-
(i) to employees in any employment to which the
scheme applies or to which it is proposed that it
should apply ;
1716 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
(ii ) to any independent trade union recognised to
any extent for the purpose of collective bargaining
in relation to those employees ;
( iii ) to the trustees and managers of the scheme
and such other persons as may be prescribed ;
( c ) for requiring an employer, in connection with any such
notice, to furnish such information as may be pre-
scribed and to undertake such consultations as may be
prescribed with any such trade union as is mentioned
in paragraph (b) (ii) above ;
( d ) for empowering the Occupational Pensions Board to
refuse to give effect to an election made by an em-
ployer unless they are satisfied that he has complied
with the requirements of the regulations ;
(e ) for referring to an industrial tribunal any question
whether an organisation is such a trade union as is
mentioned in paragraph (b)(ii ) above or whether the
requirements of the regulations as to consultation have
been complied with.
(6) Regulations may enable the Occupational Pensions Board
to cancel or vary a contracting - out certificate where they have
reason to suppose that any employment to which it relates ought
not to be treated as contracted-out employment in accordance
with the certificate and the employer does not show that it
ought to be so treated.
( 7 ) Except in prescribed circumstances, no contracting- out
certificate and no cancellation, variation or surrender of such
a certificate shall have effect from a date earlier than that on
which the certificate is issued or the cancellation, variation or
surrender is made.
( 8) In this section " independent trade union " has the same
1974 с. 52.
meaning as in the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
and " industrial tribunal " means a tribunal established under
1964 с. 16.
section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964.
Contracted-out
32.-( 1 ) An occupational pension scheme is a contracted-out
schemes .
scheme in relation to an earner's employment if it is for
the time being specified in a contracting- out certificate as a
scheme by reference to which that employment is contracted- out
employment ; and references to the contracting- out of a scheme
are references to its inclusion in a certificate as aforesaid.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, an occupational
pension scheme can be contracted- out in relation to an earner's
employment only if-
( a ) it complies in all respects with sections 33 to 41 below
in respect of the requisite benefits for the earner and
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1717
his widow and of the other matters there mentioned
or, in such cases or classes of case as may be pre-
scribed, with those sections as modified by regulations ;
and
( b) the rules of the scheme applying to the requisite
benefits are framed so as to comply with the require-
ments of any regulations prescribing the form and
content of rules of contracted-out schemes and with
such other requirements as to form and content ( not
inconsistent with regulations) as may be imposed by
the Occupational Pensions Board as a condition of
contracting- out, either generally or in relation to a
particular scheme.
( 3) Where by any provision of this Part of this Act the
contracting- out of a scheme in relation to an employment
depends on the satisfaction of a particular condition, continued
contracting- out of the scheme shall be dependent on continued
satisfaction of the condition; and if the condition ceases to be
satisfied, that shall be a ground ( without prejudice to any other)
for the cancellation or variation of the contracting-out certificate.
( 4 ) Acontracting- out certificate in respect of any employment
may be withheld or cancelled by the Occupational Pensions
Board notwithstanding that the relevant scheme is one that
they would otherwise treat as proper to be contracted- out in
relation to all earners in that employment if the Board consider
that there are circumstances relating to the scheme or its man-
agement which make it inexpedient that the employment should
be or, as the case may be, continue to be, contracted- out employ-
ment by reference to the scheme.
(5) Where in relation to an earner's employment there are in
force two or more occupational pension schemes none of which
can by itself be a contracted - out scheme, the Board may if they
think fit treat them for contracting - out purposes as a single
scheme.
(6) It is hereby declared that nothing in this Part of this Act
precludes an occupational pension scheme from providing
benefits that are more favourable than those required for
contracting- out purposes.
PART III
Requirements for contracting-out
33.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, for Requisite
an occupational pension scheme to be contracted- out in relation benefit for
to an earner's employment it must provide for him to be earner.
entitled to a pension under the scheme if he attains pensionable
age and contain-
(a ) rules for determining the annual rate of the pension that
comply with the requirements of section 34 below ; and
1718 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
1965 с. 51 .
Annual rate
of earner's
pension .
( b) a rule to the effect that if the earner has a guaranteed
minimum under section 35 below the weekly rate of the
pension will be not less than his guaranteed minimum
under that section.
( 2) Subject to subsections (3) and ( 4 ) below, the scheme must
provide for the pension to commence on the date on which the
earner attains pensionable age and to continue for his life.
( 3) The scheme may provide for the commencement of the
earner's guaranteed minimum pension to be postponed for any
period for which he continues in employment after attaining
pensionable age but so that his consent is required-
( a) for any postponement by virtue of employment to which
the scheme does not relate ; and
( b) for any postponement after the expiration of five years
from the date on which he attains pensionable age.
( 4) The scheme may provide for any part of the pension in
excess of the earner's guaranteed minimum to commence from
adate not more than three months after that on which he attains
pensionable age or to be postponed for any period for which he
continues in employment ( whether or not employment to which
the scheme relates) after attaining that age.
(5) Equivalent pension benefits for the purposes of the former
legislation are not to be regarded as constituting any part of the
earner's guaranteed minimum pension.
( 6) The benefits referred to in subsection (5 ) above are any to
which the earner may be immediately or prospectively entitled
in respect of a period of employment which-
( a ) was for him non-participating employment under that
legislation ; and
( b ) was not on its termination the subject of any payment
in lieu of contributions ;
but subsection (5) excludes so much only of those benefits as
( and no more than) had to be provided in order that the employ-
ment should for that period be treated as non-participating.
( 7 ) In this section " the former legislation " means Part III
of the National Insurance Act 1965 and the previous correspond-
ing enactments .
34.-( 1) The requirements mentioned in section 33(1 ) ( a)
above are as follows .
(2 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the rules of
the scheme must provide for the annual rate of the earner's
pension to be not less than 14 per cent. of either-
( a) his average annual salary in the whole period of his
service in contracted-out employment by reference to
the scheme ; or
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60
1719
( b) his final salary, multiplied by the number of his years of such service or by
such number of those years as will produce an annual rate equal
to not less than half the salary on which it is calculated.
( 3) Where it is a condition of the scheme that the earner shall
complete a specified minimum period of service before qualifying
for requisite benefits in excess of guaranteed minimum pensions,
the scheme's rules need not provide as in subsection (2) above for
an earner whose service is terminated before completion of that
minimum period.
( 4 ) The earner's pension need not be in accordance with sub-
section (2) above in case of his service in the relevant employment
being terminated before he attains the scheme's normal pension
age and when-
( a ) hehas completed in that employment less than five years'
qualifying service for the purposes of Schedule 16 to
the Social Security Act 1973 (preservation) ; or
( b) he is under the age of 26 on termination of that employ-
ment.
( 5 ) Where the scheme provides for the annual rate of the
pension to be calculated by reference to the earner's average
annual salary-
( a) the method of computing average annual salary must
be approved by the Occupational Pensions Board ; and
( b) the scheme must provide that earnings for any period
falling within any tax year shall, for the purposes of the
calculation, be treated as increased by the same percen-
tage as that prescribed for the increase of earnings
factors for that year.
( 6 ) In subsection (5)(b) above, " prescribed " means prescribed
by any order or orders coming into force under section 21 above
before the earner attains whatever is the scheme's normal pen-
sion age or (if earlier) his service in the relevant employment is
terminated.
( 7) Where the scheme provides for the annual rate of the
pension to be calculated by reference to the earner's final
salary-
( a ) the method of ascertaining final salary ; and
(b ) the scheme's provisions for calculating the rate of pen-
sion by reference to it,
must be approved by the Board.
( 8) In deciding whether or not to give their approval under
subsection (7) (b) above the Board shall have regard to any
aspects of the scheme which appear to them to be relevant, but
PART III
1973 с. 38.
1720 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
Earner's
guaranteed
minimum.
in particular to the interval (if any) between the end of the
period by reference to which final salary is to be determined and
the scheme's normal pension age and to what provision (if any)
is made for revaluing the salary during any such interval.
( 9) Subject to the foregoing provisions, the scheme may
provide
( a ) for excluding earnings of any kind from the salary by
reference to which the annual rate of the earner's
pension is to be calculated ; and
( b) for excluding any amount of earnings of the kind that
are to constitute that salary except so much (if any)
as would, if expressed as a weekly rate, exceed one
and a half times the lower earnings limit but would not
exceed the upper earnings limit ;
and if the salary is to include the amount of earnings up to one
and a half times the lower earnings limit the scheme may
provide for reducing the rate of pension to what it would have
been if that amount had been excluded.
( 10) In subsection (9) above references to the lower and upper
earnings limits, in relation to any earnings, are references to
those limits as in force when the earnings are paid.
( 11) The scheme may, with the approval of the Occupational
Pensions Board, provide for a lower percentage than that specified
in subsection (2) above ; but the Board shall not approve any
such provision unless they are satisfied that it will not result
in the benefits of the scheme, taken as a whole, being less favour-
able to the earner than would otherwise have been the case ;
and in deciding whether or not to give their approval the Board
shall have regard to-
(a) whether any lump sum payments are provided in
addition to the pension ;
( b) the extent, if any, to which earnings of any kind or
amount are excluded from the salary by reference to
which the pension is to be calculated ; and
( c) any other features of the scheme that appear to the
Board to be relevant.
35.-( 1 ) An earner has a guaranteed minimum in relation to
the pension provided by a scheme in accordance with section 33
above if, in any tax week in a relevant year, earnings have been
paid to or for the benefit of the earner in respect of contracted-
out employment by reference to the scheme, being earnings in
excess of the current lower earnings limit or the prescribed
equivalent if he is paid otherwise than weekly.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60 1721
(2) Where an earner has a guaranteed minimum as aforesaid,
that minimum shall, subject to subsection ( 6) below, be the
weekly equivalent of an amount equal to the appropriate per-
centage of the total of his earnings factors for the relevant years
so far as derived from contributions paid in respect of such
earnings as are mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
(3) In subsection (2 ) above " the appropriate percentage
"
means
PART III
(a) if the earner is not more than 20 years under pensionable
age when this section comes into force, 14 per cent.;
( b) in any other case 25 per cent. where N is the number
N
of years in the earner's working life (assuming that he
will attain pensionable age) which fall after the coming
into force of this section ;
and " derived " means derived in accordance with rules to be
embodied in regulations.
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsection (2) above the weekly
equivalent of the amount there mentioned shall be calculated
by dividing that amount by 52 and rounding the result to the
nearest whole penny, taking tp as nearest to the next whole
penny above.
( 5 ) For the purposes of subsection (2) above the earner's
earnings factor for any relevant year (so far as derived as
mentioned in that subsection ) shall, subject to subsection ( 7)
below, be taken to be that factor as increased by any order
or orders that have come into force under section 21 above before
the end of the final relevant year.
( 6) Where in accordance with section 33(3) above the com-
mencement of an earner's guaranteed minimum pension is post-
poned for any period and there are at least eight complete
weeks in that period, his guaranteed minimum in relation to the
scheme shall, for each complete week in that period, be increased
by 1 / 8th per cent.-
( a) of the amount of that minimum apart from this sub-
section ; or
(b) if for that week (or a period which includes that week)
a pension is paid to him under the scheme at a weekly
rate less than that minimum, of the difference between
that pension and that minimum.
In this subsection " week " means any period of seven
consecutive days .
( 7) The scheme may provide that the earnings factors of an
earner whose service in contracted- out employment by reference
to the scheme is terminated before he attains the scheme's normal
2A
1722 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
Requisite
benefit for
widow.
pension age shall be determined for the purposes of subsection
( 2) above without reference to any order that comes into force
under section 21 above after the relevant year in which his
service is terminated ; but in that event the scheme shall provide
for the weekly equivalent mentioned in that subsection to be
increased by at least-
( a) 5 per cent. compound for each relevant year after that
year ; or
(b) the amount by which an earnings factor for that year
equal to that weekly equivalent would be increased
by any order or orders that come into force under the
said section 21 before the end of the final relevant
year,
whichever makes the lesser increase ( so however that this sub-
section is not to be taken as preventing the scheme from
providing increases above those alternative minima) .
( 8) Subsection (7 ) above applies only so as to permit the
same such provision to be made for all members of the scheme.
(9) In this section " relevant year " means any tax year in the
earner's working life (not being earlier than the first tax year
for which lower and upper earnings limits are specified under
section 1 above) and " final relevant year " means the last tax
year which is a relevant year in relation to the earner.
36.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, for
an occupational pension scheme to be contracted-out in relation
to an earner's employment it must provide, in the event of his
dying (whether before or after attaining pensionable age) and
leaving a widow, for her to be entitled to a pension under the
scheme.
(2) Subject to subsections (4 ) and (5 ) below, the scheme
must contain rules whereby the annual rate of the pension will
be not less than the requisite minimum under this section, which
is 5 / 8ths per cent. of either—
(a) the earner's average annual salary in the whole period of
his service in contracted- out employment by reference
to the scheme ; or
(b) his final salary (or last salary before death) ,
multiplied by the number of his years of such service ; and
section 37 below applies as to the relationship which the
widow's pension must bear to the earner's salary.
( 3) To comply with this section the scheme must also contain
a rule to the effect that if the earner had a guaranteed minimum
under section 35 above the weekly rate of the widow's pension
will be not less than her guaranteed minimum, which shall be
half that of the earner.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c.60
1723
( 4 ) Where it is a condition of the scheme that the earner
PART III
shall complete a specified minimum period of service before
qualifying for requisite benefits in excess of guaranteed minimum
pensions the scheme need not contain the rules specified in sub-
section (2) above for the case of the earner's service being
terminated (by death or otherwise) before completion of that
minimum period.
( 5 ) The widow's pension need not be in accordance with sub-
section (2) above in case of the earner dying after termination
of his service in the relevant employment and either-
(a) his having completed in that employment less than five
years' qualifying service for the purposes of Schedule 16
to the Social Security Act 1973 (preservation) ; or
1973 с. 38.
( b) his being under the age of twenty-six on termination of
that employment.
( 6 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
scheme must provide for the widow's pension to be payable for
any period for which a Category B retirement pension, widowed
mother's allowance or widow's pension is payable to her by
virtue of the earner's contributions or for which a Category B
retirement pension would be so payable but for section 27(6) of
the principal Act.
( 7) The scheme may, with the approval of the Occupational
Pensions Board, contain provisions not complying with this
section in relation to any part of the pension in excess of the
widow's guaranteed minimum where the marriage of the widow
to the earner takes place after the termination of his service in
contracted-out employment by reference to the scheme and not
more than six months before his death.
(8) The widow's guaranteed minimum pension must be
payable to her ; but the scheme may, with the approval of the
Occupational Pensions Board, contain provisions whereby, at the
discretion of the trustees or managers, any other part of the
pension required by this section is not paid to her, but instead
comparable benefits are provided for one or more dependants of
the deceased earner.
( 9) The scheme may, with the approval of the Occupational
Pensions Board, provide for reducing any part of the pension
in excess of the widow's guaranteed minimum where the person
to whom it is payable (whether the widow or by virtue of sub-
section ( 8) above another dependant of the deceased) was more
than ten years younger than he was.
37. ( 1 ) The following additional provisions apply as to a Earner's salary
scheme's compliance with section 36 above. as factor of
widow's
2A2pension.
1724 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III (2) If the scheme provides for the annual rate of the widow's
pension to be calculated by reference to the earner's average
annual salary-
( a) the method of computing average annual salary must be
approved by the Occupational Pensions Board ; and
( b) the scheme must provide that earnings for any period
falling within any tax year shall, for the purposes of
the calculation, be treated as increased by the same
percentage as that prescribed for the increase of
earnings factors for that year.
( 3) In subsection (2) (b) above, " prescribed " means prescribed
by any order or orders coming into force under section 21 above
before whichever is the earliest of the following events, namely-
( a) termination of the earner's service in the relevant
employment ;
(b) his attaining the scheme's normal pension age ;
(c ) his death.
(4) Where the scheme provides for the annual rate of the
widow's pension to be calculated by reference to the earner's
final salary (or last salary before death)-
( a) the method of ascertaining final or last salary ; and
( b) the scheme's provisions for calculating the rate of
pension by reference to it,
must be approved by the Board.
( 5) In deciding whether or not to give their approval under
subsection (4)( b) above the Board shall have regard to any
aspects of the scheme which appear to them to be relevant, but
in particular-
(a) to the interval (if any) between the end of the period by
reference to which final or last salary is to be deter-
mined and the scheme's normal pension age or, as the
case may be, the date of the earner's death ; and
(b) to what provision (if any) is made for revaluing the
salary during any such interval .
(6) Subject to the foregoing provisions, the scheme may
provide-
(a) for excluding earnings of any kind from the salary by
reference to which the annual rate of the widow's
pension is to be calculated ; and
(b) for excluding any amount of earnings of the kind that
are to constitute that salary except so much (if any) as
would, if expressed as a weekly rate, exceed one and
a half times the lower earnings limit but would not
exceed the upper earnings limit ;
and if the salary is to include the amount of earnings up to one
and a half times the lower earnings limit the scheme may provide
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1725
for reducing the rate of pension to what it would have been if PART III
that amount had been excluded.
( 7) In subsection (6) above references to the lower and upper
earnings limits, in relation to any earnings, are references to
those limits as in force when the earnings are paid.
38.-( 1 ) Where an earner's service in contracted-out employ- Transfer of
ment by reference to a scheme is terminated before he attains accrued rights .
pensionable age the scheme may provide for his accrued rights
to the requisite benefits under the scheme to be transferred to
another scheme but, except where regulations otherwise provide,
only with his consent and to another contracted-out scheme.
( 2 ) Where under the rules of a scheme transfer credits have
been allowed in respect of an earner's accrued rights to guaran-
teed minimum pensions under another scheme, the reference in
section 35( 1 ) above to contracted- out employment by reference
to the scheme shall include a reference to employment in any
period of linked qualifying service which was contracted-out
employment by reference to the other scheme.
( 3) In this Part of this Act-
" accrued rights ", in relation to an earner, means the rights
conferring prospective entitlement under the scheme
in question to the pensions to be provided for him
and his widow in accordance with sections 33 and 36
above, and references to an earner's accrued rights to
guaranteed minimum pensions shall be construed
accordingly ;
" transfer credits " means rights allowed to an earner under
the rules of an occupational pension scheme by refer-
ence to a transfer to that scheme of his accrued rights
from another scheme.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any period of an
earner's service in an employment is linked qualifying service
in relation to a later period of service ( whether in the same or
another employment) if-
( a ) under the rules of a scheme applying to him in the
earlier period of service there was made a transfer
of his accrued rights under that scheme to another
scheme applying to him in the later period of service ;
and
( b) in consequence of that transfer, there are (or were)
allowed to him transfer credits under the rules of that
other scheme,
except that , for any service to be taken into account as linked
qualifying service, it must be actual service and no regard
shall be had to any scheme rule which provides for service
to be treated for any purposes of benefit or otherwise as longer
or shorter than it actually was.
2 A3
1726 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III 39.-( 1) Where the annual rate of a pension required to be
Commutation, provided by a scheme in accordance with section 33 or 36
surrender and above would not exceed the prescribed amount and the circum-
forfeiture. stances are such as may be prescribed, the scheme may provide
for the payment of a lump sum instead of that pension.
( 2) A scheme may, with the approval of the Occupational
Pensions Board, provide for the payment to the earner of a
lump sum instead of any part of the pension required to be
provided for him under section 33 which exceeds the guaranteed
minimum ; but-
( a ) the manner in which the amount of the lump sum is
arrived at under the scheme must be satisfactory to
the Board ; and
( b) the Board shall not give their approval under this
subsection unless they are satisfied that it will not
result in the benefits of the scheme, taken as a whole,
being less favourable to the earner than would other-
wise have been the case.
(3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1 ) above, a scheme may,
in relation to a case where the earner dies before attaining
pensionable age, provide for the payment of a lump sum instead
of any part of the pension required to be provided for his
widow in accordance with section 36 above which exceeds her
guaranteed minimum, being a lump sum equal to not less than
eleven times what would have been the annual rate of that part ;
and subsection (8) of that section shall have effect in relation to
any such lump sum as it has effect in relation to any part of a
pension in excess of the widow's guaranteed minimum.
(4) Neither section 33 nor section 36 above shall preclude a
scheme from providing-
( a) for any part of a pension in excess of the earner's or
widow's guaranteed minimum, as the case may be,
to be forfeited or surrendered or to be subject to any
charge, lien or set-off ; or
( b) for the earner's or widow's guaranteed minimum pension
to be suspended or forfeited in such circumstances
as may be prescribed.
Financing 40.-( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be contracted
and assurance out the resources of the scheme must be derived in whole or in
ofbenefits . part from-
(a) payments made or to be made by one or more employers
of earners to whom the scheme applies, being payments
either-
( i) under an actual or contingent legal obligation ;or
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1727
(ii ) in the exercise of a power conferred, or the
discharge of a duty imposed, on a Minister of the
Crown , government department or any other person,
being a power or duty which extends to the disburse-
ment or allocation of public money ; or
( b ) such other payments by the earner or his employer,
or both, as may be prescribed for different categories
of scheme.
( 2 ) For an occupational pension scheme, other than a public
service pension scheme, to be contracted- out the Occupational
Pensions Board must be satisfied that the scheme complies with-
( a ) regulations prescribing the means by which guaranteed
minimum pensions under contracted-out schemes are
to be secured (whether irrevocable trust, policy of
insurance, annuity contract or other means) ; and
( b ) the conditions which are required by the regulations to
be satisfied in relation to any means adopted ;
and generally as to the arrangements in force or to be in force
from time to time for securing those pensions.
(3) For an occupational pension scheme to be contracted-
out it must contain a rule whereby any liabilities of the scheme
in respect of-
( a) guaranteed minimum pensions and accrued rights to
guaranteed minimum pensions ;
( b) any such benefits as are excluded by section 33 (5) above
from earners' guaranteed minimum pensions ;
(c) pensions and other benefits (whether or not within
paragraph (a) or (b) above) in respect of which entitle-
ment to payment has already arisen ; and
( d ) state scheme premiums,
are accorded priority on a winding up over other liabilities
under the scheme in respect of benefits attributable to any period
of service after the rule has taken effect.
This does not apply to public service pension schemes, nor to
schemes falling within any category or description prescribed
as being exempt from the requirements of this subsection.
( 4 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be contracted- out
it must, if it provides for the payment out of any sum represent-
ing the surrender value of a policy of insurance taken out for
the purposes of the scheme, so provide that there shall be no
payment out in relation to guaranteed minimum pensions except
in such circumstances as may be prescribed.
PART III
41.- ( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme, other than a Sufficiency of
public service scheme, to be contracted- out the Occupational resources.
2A4
1728 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III Pensions Board must be satisfied that the resources of the scheme
are sufficient-
( a) for meeting from time to time all claims in respect of
guaranteed minimum pensions so far as falling to be
met out of those resources, having regard to the
expected extent of the scheme's resources and its other
liabilities at any time when claims may be expected to
arise ; and
( b) for paying state scheme premiums in respect of all
persons at any time entitled to, or having accrued rights
to, guaranteed minimum pensions under the scheme :
and
( c ) for meeting in full, in the event of an immediate
winding up, the liabilities accorded priority in
accordance with section 40( 3) above and the expenses
of administration so far as those expenses are payable
out of the resources of the scheme.
(2) Where contracting- out or continued contracting- out
depends on the Board being satisfied as mentioned in subsection
( 1) above, the scheme may be contracted-out or continue to
be contracted-out, as the case may be, in relation to any
employment subject to such conditions as the Board think fit to
impose for securing-
(a ) that the Board are kept informed as to any matters
affecting the security of the minimum pensions guaran-
teed under the scheme ;
( b) that the resources of the scheme are brought to and
maintained at a level satisfactory to the Board ;
and non-compliance with any condition imposed by the Board
under this subsection shall be grounds on which the Board may
cancel a contracting-out certificate issued in respect of any
employment within the application of the scheme .
(3) Conditions imposed by the Board for the purpose men-
tioned in subsection (2) (b) above may require steps to be taken,
at the instance of the Board, to increase the scheme's resources
at any time after contracting-out, including a time when the
scheme has ceased to be contracted-out.
( 4) With a view to enforcing a condition imposed for that
purpose, the Board may by order require an employer to make
such payments as the Board think necessary to bring the
resources of the scheme to a satisfactory level ; and in the case
of an employer failing to make any payment required by such
an order-
(a ) the Board may make a further order declaring the
amount which the employer has failed to pay to be a
debt due from him to the Board and may recover
it from him accordingly ; and
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60
(b) any amount so recovered shall be paid over by the Board (on the employer's behalf ) in accordance with
the terms of the original order.
(5) In considering a scheme by reference to the considerations
of subsection ( 1) above, the Board shall have regard to any
investments held for the purposes of the scheme ; and the Board
may by reference to those considerations make it a condition
of contracting-out or continued contracting-out that-
( a) no part, or no more than a specified proportion, of the
scheme's resources shall be invested in investments of a
specified class or description ;
(b) there shall be realised, before the expiration of a speci-
fied period, the whole or a specified proportion of
investments of a specified class or description forming
part of the scheme's resources when the condition is
imposed ;
and non- compliance with any such condition shall be a ground
on which the Board may withhold or cancel a contracting- out
certificate in respect of any employment within the application of
the scheme.
1729
PART III
State scheme premiums
42.-( 1 ) This section has effect as to the cases in which an Premium on
earner's employer may pay a state scheme premium where- termination of
contracted- out
( a) the earner's service in contracted- out employment by employment.
reference to an occupational pension scheme is ter-
minated before he attains the scheme's normal pension
age or ( if earlier) the end of the tax year preceding that
in which he attains pensionable age ; and
(b) he has served for less than five years in contracted- out
employment by reference to the scheme ;
and a premium under this section may be referred to as a
66 con-
tributions equivalent premium " .
( 2 ) If-
(a) the earner's service is terminated in any way except
by his death or by the scheme's ceasing to be con-
tracted-out ; and
(b) his period of service is not one in respect of which the
scheme conforms to the appropriate extent with the
preservation requirements of Part II of the Social 1973 с. 38.
Security Act 1973 ,
his employer may elect to pay a contributions equivalent pre-
mium with a view to extinguishing the earner's accrued rights to
guaranteed minimum pensions under the scheme.
1730 PART III
Premium
under
section 42:
additional
provisions .
1973 с. 38.
c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
(3) If the earner's service is terminated by his death and he
dies leaving a widow, his employer may elect to pay a contri-
butions equivalent premium with a view to extinguishing any
such accrued rights in respect of the widow.
43.-( 1) The amount of a contributions equivalent premium
shall be the equivalent, as certified by the Secretary of State, of
the amount by which the Class 1 contributions payable in respect
of the earner's employment in contracted- out employment by
reference to the scheme have fallen short of what would have
been payable if the employment had not been contracted-out ;
and in certifying any amount under this section the Secretary of
State may make such adjustments as he thinks necessary for
avoiding fractional amounts.
( 2 ) Where under the rules of the scheme transfer credits have
been allowed in respect of the earner's accrued rights under
another scheme, the references in section 42(1 ) , and in subsection
( 1) above, to contracted-out employment by reference to the
scheme shall include references to employment in any period of
linked qualifying service which was contracted-out employment
by reference to the other scheme.
( 3) For the purposes of section 42(2) , a scheme conforms to
the appropriate extent with the preservation requirements of
Part II of the Social Security Act 1973 if-
( a) it entitles the earner to short service benefit within the
meaning of those requirements ; or
(b) it makes any provision which under those requirements
is permitted as an alternative to short service benefit
( other than provision for return of contributions or for
benefit in the form of a lump sum) .
( 4 ) Except in such cases as may be prescribed, an employer
shall not, in making or abstaining from making elections under
section 42 (2) or (3), discriminate between different earners on any
grounds other than their respective lengths of relevant service ;
and if the Occupational Pensions Board consider that an
employer is contravening this subsection, they may cancel any
contracting-out certificate held by him in respect of the scheme
in question.
(5) In subsection (4) above " relevant service " means service
in contracted-out employment by reference to the scheme,
together with any service in contracted-out employment which in
relation to service in that employment is linked qualifying service .
(6) An election by an employer under section 42(2) or (3) must
be made within the prescribed period in the prescribed manner ;
and where an employer elects to pay a premium in respect of
an earner, he shall pay it to the Secretary of State within the
prescribed period.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1731
( 7 ) Payment of a premium under section 42(2) shall operate to
PART III
extinguish the earner's accrued rights to guaranteed minimum
pensions under the scheme ; and payment of a premium under
section 42(3) shall operate to extinguish any right to guaranteed
minimum pension in respect of the widow.
( 8) Subject to regulations made under paragraph 1 of Schedule
2 to this Act, an employment which is terminated by the death
of the employer shall be treated for the purposes of section 42
as terminated immediately before the death.
44.-( 1) In the case of an occupational pension scheme which Premium on
is contracted-out, the Occupational Pensions Board may, for the termination of
event of its ceasing to be contracted- out, approve any arrange - scheme.
contracted-out
ments made or to be made in relation to the scheme, or for its
purposes, for the preservation or transfer-
( a ) of earners' accrued rights to guaranteed minimum
pensions under the scheme ;
( b) of the liability for the payment of guaranteed minimum
pensions thereunder in respect of persons who have
then become entitled to receive them.
( 2) If the scheme ceases to be a contracted-out scheme (whether
by being wound up or otherwise) then-
( a ) in respect of each earner whose accrued rights to
guaranteed minimum pensions under the scheme are
not subject to approved arrangements ; and
( b) in respect of each person who has then become entitled
to receive a guaranteed minimum pension under the
scheme and whose guaranteed minimum pension rights
are not so subject,
a state scheme premium shall be payable by the prescribed
person.
( 3) A premium under subsection (2) (a ) above may be referred
to as an " accrued rights premium " ; and a premium under sub-
section (2) (b) may be referred to as a " pensioner's rights
premium " ; and in each case the premium shall be paid within
the prescribed period to the Secretary of State.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 2) above, an earner's
accrued rights or, as the case may be, a person's guaranteed
minimum pension rights are subject to approved arrangements
if (either before or after the scheme ceased to be contracted-
out ) the Occupational Pensions Board have approved arrange-
ments under subsection ( 1) above which operate as respects him
and the rights in question, and have not since withdrawn their
approval .
(5) The amount-
(a) of an accrued rights premium shall be the cost (as certi-
fied by the Secretary of State) of providing guaranteed
1732 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
minimum pensions for the earner and his widow in
accordance with his accrued rights under the scheme ;
and
( b) of a pensioner's rights premium shall be the cost ( as so
certified) of providing or continuing to provide any
guaranteed minimum pension thereunder, whether for
the earner (or former earner) or for his widow.
(6) The costs referred to in subsection (5 )(a ) and (b) above
shall, unless the person liable for the premium otherwise elects
in the prescribed manner, be calculated on the basis that (dis-
regarding any orders made under section 21 of this Act) the
relevant earnings factors have been increased by 12 per cent.
per annum in each of the five complete tax years before that in
which the scheme ceases to be contracted-out.
(7 ) In calculating those costs, the Secretary of State shall apply
whichever of the prescribed actuarial tables (as in force at the
time when the scheme ceases to be contracted-out) is applicable
in accordance with the regulations prescribing the tables .
(8) In certifying any amount under subsection (5) above, the
Secretary of State may make such adjustments as he thinks neces-
sary for avoiding fractional amounts.
(9) Payment of an accrued rights premium shall extinguish
the earner's accrued rights to guaranteed minimum pensions
under the scheme ; and payment of a pensioner's rights
premium shall extinguish any right to receive guaranteed
minimum pensions thereunder, whether for the earner (or former
earner) or for his widow.
Premium
where
45.-( 1 ) Where an earner's service in contracted-out employ-
ment by reference to an occupational pension scheme is
guaranteed
minimum
terminated before he attains the scheme's normal pension age
pension
and the weekly rate of the guaranteed minimum pensions to
excluded from which he has accrued rights under the scheme will fall to be
full
revaluation. determined in accordance with provisions included in the scheme
by virtue of section 35(7) above, then, unless either-
(a) a state scheme premium is payable in respect of him
under section 42 or 44 above, or
( b) those provisions conform with such additional require-
ments as may be prescribed,
the earner's employer shall in respect of the earner pay a
state scheme premium (which may be referred to as a " limited
revaluation premium ") .
(2) Such a premium shall be paid to the Secretary of State
within the prescribed period ; and its amount shall be the
difference, as certified by the Secretary of State, between the cost
of providing the guaranteed minimum pensions in accordance
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c.60
1733
with the provisions included in the scheme by virtue of the said
section 35(7) and what would have been the cost of providing
them if no such provision had been included.
(3) Where a state scheme premium is payable in respect of
an earner under this section, and the case is one in which his
service in contracted-out employment is terminated in con-
sequence of the relevant scheme ceasing to be contracted-out, the
costs referred to in subsection (2) above shall, unless the employer
otherwise elects in the prescribed manner, be calculated on the
basis that (disregarding any orders made under section 21 of
this Act) the relevant earnings factors have been increased by
12 per cent. per annum in each of the five complete tax years
before that in which the scheme ceases to be contracted-out.
( 4) In calculating the costs referred to in subsection (2) above
the Secretary of State shall apply whichever of the prescribed
actuarial tables (as in force at the time when the earner's service
in contracted-out employment is terminated) is applicable in
accordance with the regulations prescribing the tables ; and-
(a) the tables shall be so framed as to embody the assumption
that the increase of weekly equivalent required by
section 35 ( 7) is 5 per cent. compound for each relevant
year after that in which the earner's service is
terminated ; and
(b) that assumption shall prevail over any different provision
made by the scheme.
(5) In certifying any amount under subsection (2) above the
Secretary of State may make such adjustments as he thinks
necessary for avoiding fractional amounts .
(6) References in this section to the termination of an earner's
employment do not include references to its termination by his
death ; and, subject to regulations made under paragraph 1 of
Schedule 2 to this Act, an employment which is terminated by
the death of the employer shall be treated for the purposes of
this section as terminated immediately before the death .
PART III
46.-( 1 ) Regulations prescribing actuarial tables for the Provisions as
purposes of sections 44(7) and 45(4) above-
to actuarial
( a ) shall be made only after consultation with the Govern-
tables.
ment Actuary ; and
( b) shall not be made unless a draft of them has been laid
before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each
House.
(2) The prescribed actuarial tables shall comprise a standard
table- .
(a) embodying whatever appears to the Secretary of State
to be the best practicable estimate of the average
1734 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III
Deduction of
premium from
refund of
contributions .
cost, expressed in actuarial terms and relative to a
given period, of making such provision for pensions
as is mentioned in section 44(5 ) (a) or (b), or section
45(2) , as the case may be ; but
(b) assuming an average yield on investments which is not
less than the average increase in the general level of
earnings obtaining in Great Britain,
and also alternative tables to be applied, as directed by the
regulations, according to whatever is from time to time the yield
on such investments or classes of investments as the Secretary
of State thinks fit to prescribe.
(3) With any reports laid before Parliament under section 28
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall lay-
(a) a report by the Government Actuary on any changes in
the factors affecting the actuarial tables prescribed for
the purposes of section 44( 7) and 45(4) ; and
(b) a report by the Secretary of State stating whether he
considers that, in view of the Government Actuary's
report, there should be any alterations in the tables and
if so, what alterations are in his opinion required.
( 4 ) The changes referred to in subsection (3) (a) above are, in
the case of the first report under that paragraph, changes since
the passing of this Act and, in the case of a subsequent report,
changes since the preparation of the last report.
(5 ) If in a report under subsection (3) (b) above the Secretary
of State states that he considers that there should be alterations
in the actuarial tables, he shall prepare and lay before each
House of Parliament with the report the draft of regulations
prescribing tables to be in force with those alterations from the
beginning of such tax year as may be specified in the regulations
not earlier than the second tax year after that in which the
regulations are made.
(6) If the draft regulations are approved by resolution of each
House the Secretary of State shall make the regulations in the
form of the draft.
47.-( 1) Where an earner's service in contracted- out employ-
ment is terminated and-
(a) he (or by virtue of a connection with him, any other
person ) is entitled to a refund of any payments made
by or in respect of him for the purposes of the relevant
scheme towards the provision of benefits under the
scheme ; and
(b) a state scheme premium falls to be paid by any person
in respect of him under this Part of this Act,
then, subject to the provisions of this section, the person by
whom the premium falls to be paid shall be entitled on paying it
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
to recover the certified amount ( and on paying any part of it to recover a proportionate part of the certified amount) from
the person liable for the refund.
( 2) For the purposes of this section the certified amount in
relation to a premium paid in respect of any person who is or
was an earner or whose husband was an earner shall be such
amount as may be certified by the Secretary of State as the
amount by which the primary Class 1 contributions payable in
respect of the earner's employment in-
(a) contracted-out employment by reference to the relevant
scheme ; and
( b) employment in any period of linked qualifying service
which was contracted-out employment by reference to
another scheme,
have fallen short of what would have been payable if the
employment or employments had not been contracted-out ; and
in certifying any amount under this subsection the Secretary
of State may make such adjustments as he thinks necessary for
avoiding fractional amounts.
(3) The amount recoverable under this section shall not exceed
the amount of the refund or so much of it as has not been made.
( 4) Where the period taken into account in arriving at the
certified amount does not coincide with that in respect of which
the refund is to be made, the sum recoverable under this
section shall be determined by reference to so much of that
amount and of the refund as are referable to the same period.
(5) The amount which may be recovered under this section in
respect of any premium shall be increased by such amount as
may be prescribed where the refund-
( a) is made in respect of more than one period of service,
and one or more of those periods are periods of previ-
ous linked qualifying service ; and
(b) includes any amount paid under a contracted-out scheme
in relation to that service on or in connection with a
transfer of accrued rights to another scheme.
(6) Where the person liable for the premium is himself liable
for the refund, he shall be entitled to retain out of the refund
the amount which he could recover under this section from
another person liable for the refund.
(7) The amount of the refund shall be reduced by any amount
recovered or retained under this section ; and provision shall be
made by regulations for requiring the making of refunds to be
delayed for the purpose of enabling any right of recovery or
retainer conferred by this section to be exercised, and any
provision so made shall have effect notwithstanding anything in
any enactment relating to the making of the refund.
1735
PART III
1736 c.60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III (8) Where an earner's service in contracted-out employment
is terminated and-
(a) he (or by virtue of a connection with him any other
person) is entitled to a refund of any payments made by
or in respect of him under the relevant scheme in
relation to any previous contracted- out employment of
his, being payments towards the provision of benefits
under that scheme ; and
(b) a state scheme premium falls to be paid in respect of
him and the period taken into account in arriving at the
certified amount includes the period of the previous
contracted-out employment,
then in respect of that premium the person liable for it shall
have the like right of recovery from that refund (so far as the
premium is not recoverable or retainable out of a refund in
respect of a later employment) as a person has under the fore
going provisions of this section where a state scheme premium
and a refund fall to be made on the termination of service in
the employment in respect of which the refund is made ; and
subsection (7) above shall apply accordingly.
(9) Notwithstanding any contract to the contrary, a person
shall not be entitled to recover any part of a state scheme
premium from any earner in respect of whom it is payable or,
except in accordance with this section, to recover or retain any
part of such a premium out of any money payable to or for the
benefit of the earner or any other person.
(10) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in
relation to such a refund as is referred to in subsection ( 1 ) ( a)
above which becomes payable after the termination of an
earner's service in contracted-out employment as they apply to
such a refund becoming payable on the termination of an
earner's service in such employment ; and where he (or, by virtue
of a connection with him, any other person) becomes entitled
to any payment in lieu of benefit, those provisions shall apply
in relation to the payment as if it were such a refund as is
referred to in subsection ( 1 ) (a) above.
( 11) For the purposes of subsection ( 10) above, a payment in
lieu of benefit is any payment falling to be made to or for the
benefit of, or in respect of, a person by virtue of his being or
having been a member of an occupational pension scheme, being
a payment which either-
( a ) is made or to be made otherwise than out of the resources
of the scheme ; or
( b) is made or to be made out of those resources but by
way of distribution on a winding-up ; or
( c ) falls within such other description of payments as may
be prescribed for the purposes of subsection ( 10) above.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1737
( 12) In this section, " the relevant scheme " in relation to any
PART III
employment means the contracted- out scheme by reference to
which that employment is or was contracted- out employment
in relation to the earner concerned.
Supplementary
48.-( 1 ) Where a person is entitled or prospectively entitled Guaranteed
to a guaranteed minimum pension under an occupational pen-
minimum
sion scheme and the person's entitlement is in respect of his pensions to be
inalienable.
or another person's service in employment which was contracted-
out by reference to that scheme-
(a) every assignment of or charge on that pension ; and
( b) every agreement to assign or charge that pension,
shall be void.
(2) Subsection (1) above has effect whether or not the assign-
ment, charge or agreement was made at a time when the employ-
ment was contracted- out employment or the scheme was a
contracted- out scheme in relation to the employment.
( 3) On the bankruptcy of a person who is entitled or pros-
pectively entitled as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, any
guaranteed minimum pension the assignment of which is or
would be made void by that subsection shall not pass to any
trustee or other person acting on behalf of his creditors.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland-
(a) references to assignment shall be construed as references
66
to assignation and assign " shall be construed
accordingly ; and
(b) the reference to a person's bankruptcy shall be construed
as a reference to the sequestration of his estate or the
appointment on his estate of a judicial factor under
section 14 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 or 1913 с. 20.
section 15 of the Solicitors (Scotland ) Act 1958 . 1958 с. 28.
49.-(1 ) The provisions of this section shall apply in respect Supervision of
of any occupational pension scheme, other than a public service schemes which
scheme, where- have ceased to
be contracted-
( a ) the scheme has ceased to be a contracted- out scheme out.
otherwise than by being wound up ; and
( b) premiums have not been paid under section 44 above
in respect of each person entitled to receive, or having
accrued rights to, guaranteed minimum pensions under
the scheme ;
and those provisions shall continue to apply so long as there is
any such person.
1738 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART III ( 2) The Occupational Pensions Board shall be under a duty to
satisfy themselves from time to time as to-
( a ) the matters in respect of which they are required to be
satisfied for contracting - out purposes under sections
40(2) and 41 ( 1 ) above ; and
( b) the soundness and adequacy of any investments held
for the purposes of the scheme (so far as relevant to the
considerations of the said section 41( 1)) ;
and where the scheme was contracted- out subject to such con-
ditions as are referred to in section 41(2) and (5) above those
conditions shall continue to be binding notwithstanding that
there is no contracting- out certificate in force.
(3) For the purposes of subsection (2)(a) above the Board may
( either by way of enforcement of such conditions as are referred
to in section 41(2) or otherwise) by order require employers to
make such payments to increase the resources of the scheme or
for any other purpose as the Board think expedient for securing
the guaranteed minimum pensions under the scheme ; and in
the case of an employer failing to make any payment required
by such an order-
( a) the Board may make a further order declaring the
amount which the employer has failed to pay to be a
debt due from him to the Board and may recover it
from him accordingly ; and
(b) any amount so recovered shall be paid over by the
Board (on the employer's behalf ) in accordance with
the terms of the original order.
( 4 ) In so far as the Board are not satisfied as mentioned in
subsection ( 2) (b) above, they may by order modify the scheme's
rules or by order direct the scheme's trustees or managers to
take such steps as the order may specify, in either case with a
view to ensuring that the guaranteed minimum pensions under
the scheme are adequately secured to its beneficiaries, both
present and future.
(5) If it appears to the Board that there has been, or is likely
to be, a breach of any rule of the scheme relating to the matters
dealt with in sections 33 to 41 above, the Board may take such
steps as they think expedient with a view to remedying or
preventing the breach ; and for this purpose they may them-
selves take any proceedings for enforcement of the rules which
would be open to a person as an actual or prospective beneficiary
under the scheme, or as one of its trustees or managers, or as
being otherwise concerned with the scheme or its benefits, and
may assume the conduct of proceedings for enforcement brought
by any such person.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c.60
1739
( 6) Where the Board are satisfied that the guaranteed mini-
PART III
mum pensions under the scheme are not, and cannot be,
adequately secured to its beneficiaries, they may by order-
( a) require the scheme to be wound up in accordance with
such directions in that behalf as may be contained
in the order ; or
(b ) direct the trustees or managers to take such steps for
the winding-up of the scheme as the order may specify ;
and, on a winding- up in pursuance of an order of theirs under
this subsection, the same powers shall be exercisable by the
Board in relation to the scheme's winding-up rules as are exer-
cisable by them under subsection (5) above in relation to other
rules .
( 7) In relation to a scheme of any prescribed category, the
references in subsection (3) above to employers shall include
such persons as may be prescribed as among those to whom
an order of the Board under that subsection may be directed
in the case of a scheme of that category after it has ceased to
be contracted - out.
50.-( 1 ) Where in respect of any employment a contracting Alteration of
out certificate has been issued, no alteration of the rules of the rules of
relevant contracted-out scheme shall be made so as to affect any schemes.
contracted- out
of the matters dealt with in this Part of this Act without the
consent of the Occupational Pensions Board ; and subject to
subsection (2) below any such alteration made without that
consent shall be void.
( 2 ) A consent given by the Board for the purposes of this
section shall, if and to the extent that the Board so direct,
operate so as to validate with retrospective effect any alteration
of the rules which would otherwise be void under this section.
(3) This section shall continue in force in relation to a scheme
after it has ceased to be contracted-out so long as any person
is entitled to receive, or has accrued rights to, a guaranteed
minimum pension under the scheme.
51. The Secretary of State may from time to time furnish the Information
trustees or managers of an occupational pension scheme and as to
such other persons as may be prescribed with information as to guaranteed
minimum
the amount of the guaranteed minimum pension to which it pensions.
appears to him that any person is immediately or prospectively
entitled under the scheme or as to any other matter required for
calculating that amount.
52. Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for enabling Contracting-
regulations to be made in relation to the operation and admini- out
stration of this Part of this Act. regulations .
1740 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART IV
PART IV
OCCUPATIONAL PENSIONS
Equal access to occupational pension schemes
Equal access
53.- ( 1 ) The provisions of sections 54 to 56 below shall have
requirements. effect with a view to securing that the rules of occupational
pension schemes conform with the equal access requirements .
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the equal access require-
ments in relation to a scheme are that membership of the
scheme is open to both men and women on terms which are the
same as to the age and length of service needed for becoming
a member and as to whether membership is voluntary or
obligatory.
(3) Regulations may-
(a) provide for the equal access requirements to apply,
whether to an occupational pension scheme, or to terms
of employment relating to membership of it, or to both,
with such modifications and exceptions as the Secretary
of State considers necessary for particular cases or
classes of case ;
( b) modify those requirements in any manner which he
thinks appropriate with a view to securing the orderly
implementation of the provisions of sections 54 to 56
below and to obtaining general compliance with those
provisions.
( 4) A rule does not contravene the equal access requirements
only because it confers on the scheme's trustees or managers, or
others , a discretion whose exercise may result in a person being
more or less favourably treated than he otherwise would be, so
long as the rule does not provide for the discretion to be exer-
cised in any discriminatory manner as between men and women.
( 5) This section and sections 54 to 56 below shall have effect
in relation to any occupational pension scheme which is in
force on, or comes into force after, the day on which this
section comes into operation, being a scheme whose resources
are derived as mentioned in section 40( 1) above.
1970 с. 41 .
(6) Regulations may make provision-
(a) for the Equal Pay Act 1970 to have effect, in relation
to terms of employment relating to membership of an
occupational pension scheme, with such modifications
as may be prescribed ;
( b) for imposing requirements on employers as to the
payment of contributions and otherwise in case of their
failing or having failed to comply with any such terms ;
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1741
( c ) for the consequential modification of a scheme's rules PART IV
where there has been an alteration under the Equal Pay 1970 с. 41 .
Act 1970 of any such terms.
(7) A reference in this section to terms of employment includes
( where the context permits) —
( a ) any collective agreement or pay structure ;
(b) a wages regulation order within section 4 of the Equal
Pay Act 1970 ; and
( c) an agricultural wages order within section 5 of that Act.
54.-( 1 ) Where the rules of an occupational pension scheme Duty to bring
do not comply with the equal access requirements it shall be schemes into
the responsibility of-
conformity
with equal
( a ) the trustees and managers of the scheme ; or
access
(b) in the case of a public service pension scheme, the requirements.
Minister, government department or other person or
body concerned with its administration,
to take such steps as are open to them for bringing the rules
of the scheme into conformity with those requirements .
( 2 ) The Occupational Pensions Board may at any time, and
shall if requested by any such persons as are mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) above, advise whether the rules of a scheme do or
do not in the Board's opinion conform with the equal access
requirements and, where the Board advise that the rules do
not conform, they shall indicate what steps they consider should
be taken with a view to securing conformity.
55.-( 1 ) On an application made to them in respect of an Determination
occupational pension scheme (other than a public service pension of questions
scheme) by persons competent to make such an application in whether
scheme
respect of it, the Occupational Pensions Board shall issue a conforms
determination as to whether or not the rules of the scheme with equal
conform with the equal access requirements .
access require-
ments.( 2) The persons competent to make an application under this
section in respect of a scheme are-
( a) the trustees or managers of the scheme ;
( b) any person other than the trustees or managers who
has power to alter any of the rules of the scheme ;
( c) any person who is an employer of persons in service in
an employment to which the scheme applies ;
( d ) any member or prospective member of the scheme ;
( e) such other persons as regulations may specify, in relation
to any category of schemes into which the scheme falls,
as being proper persons to make an application for the
1742 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART IV
1973 с. 38.
Modification
of schemes to
secure
conformity.
purposes of this section in respect of a scheme of that
category.
( 3) The Board may at any time of their own motion issue in
respect of a scheme which has come to their notice any deter-
mination which they could issue in the case of that scheme on an
application to them under subsection ( 1) above ; and this sub-
section applies in particular to a scheme which the Board are
considering with a view to contracting- out and one in respect of
which an application has been made to them under section 64
of the Social Security Act 1973 for an order authorising the
modification of the scheme or modifying it.
( 4 ) Any question arising in proceedings before any court or
tribunal or before the Industrial Arbitration Board whether the
rules of an occupational pension scheme conform with the
equal access requirements shall be referred to the Occира-
tional Pensions Board and determined by that Board.
(5) At any time when the Occupational Pensions Board are
concerned with a scheme for the purpose of issuing a deter-
mination under this section, they may include a determination
( whether or not applied for) as to any of the particular matters
specified in subsection (2) of section 53 above or in that sub-
section as modified by regulations under subsection (3) of that
section.
56.-( 1 ) If the Occupational Pensions Board determine under
section 55 above that the rules of a scheme do not conform
with the equal access requirements they shall, either at the time
of issuing their determination or as soon thereafter as they think
expedient-
( a ) by order direct the trustees or managers of the scheme,
or any such persons as are referred to in subsection
( 2)(b) of that section, to exercise such powers as they
possess for modifying the scheme with a view to bring-
ing it into conformity with those requirements (for
which purpose the Board shall include in their order
such directions as they think appropriate to indicate the
modification appearing to them to be called for) ; or
(b) if there is no person with power to modify the scheme
as required by the Board, by order authorise the trustees
or managers, or other persons named in the order (who
may in particular include such an employer as is speci-
fied in subsection ( 2) (c) of that section) to make that
modification ; or
( c ) themselves by order modify the scheme with a view to
achieving the purposes above-mentioned.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1743
( 2) The Board may exercise their powers under subsection ( 1 )
PART IV
above from time to time in relation to any scheme in respect
of which they have issued a determination under section 55
above, and may exercise the powers together or separately.
( 3) Any modification of a scheme made in pursuance of an
order of the Board under subsection ( 1)(b) or (c) above shall be
as effective in law as if it had been made under powers conferred
by or under the scheme ; and such an order may be made and
complied with in relation to a scheme-
( a) notwithstanding any enactment or rule of law, or any
rule of the scheme, which would otherwise operate to
prevent the modification being made ;
( b) without regard to any such enactment, rule of law or
rule of the scheme as would otherwise require, or might
otherwise be taken to require, the implementation of
any procedure, or the obtaining of any consent, with
a view to the making of the modification.
( 4 ) An order of the Board under subsection ( 1 )(a) above may
require persons to exercise a power retrospectively (whether
or not the power could otherwise be so exercised), and an order
under subsection ( 1) (b) or (c) may operate retrospectively ; and
in this subsection " retrospectively " means with effect from a
date before that on which the power is exercised or, as the case
may be, the order is made, not being in either case a date
earlier than the coming into operation of this section .
( 5) In section 64(3) of the Social Security Act 1973 (which con- 1973 c. 38 .
fers power to modify schemes for various purposes) after
paragraph (d ) there shall be inserted-
66 ( dd ) to comply with the equal access requirements
specified in section 53 of the Pensions Act but without
prejudice to anything in section 56 of that Act, " .
Other provisions
57. The Occupational Pensions Board may inform any person Disclosure of
claiming to be entitled to a pension under an occupational information by
pension scheme of the name and address of any person appearing Occupational
to the Board to be responsible for paying that pension nothwith- Pensions
Board.
standing that information with respect to that matter has come
into the Board's possession by virtue of section 89 of the Social
Security Act 1973 (disclosure to Board of information obtained
by Commissioners of Inland Revenue) .
58. Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for affording Priority in
priority in cases of insolvency to liabilities in respect of contribu- bankruptcy
tions to occupational pension schemes and in respect of state etc.
scheme premiums.
1744 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART IV
Increase
of official
pensions.
1971 с. 56.
59.--( 1 ) Where by virtue of section 23 above a direction is
given that the sums mentioned in subsection ( 1)(b) of that
section are to be increased by a specified percentage the Minister
for the Civil Service shall by order provide that the annual rate
of an official pension may, if a qualifying condition is satisfied
or the pension is a widow's pension, be increased in respect of
any period beginning on or after the date on which the direction
takes effect-
(a ) if the pension began before the beginning of the base
period for that direction, by the same percentage as
that specified in the direction :
( b) if the pension began during the base period, by that
A
percentage multiplied by B where A is the number of
complete months in the period between the beginning
of the pension and the end of the base period and B
is the number of complete months in the base period.
(2) Where an order is made under this section in consequence
of any such direction as aforesaid the order shall, in addition to
the provision required by subsection ( 1 ) above, authorise the
payment of an increase in respect of any lump sum that becomes
payable during the base period for that direction, being an
increase equal to the percentage specified in the direction
A
multiplied by where-
B
( a) A is the number of complete months in the period
between the beginning date for the lump sum ( or, if
later, the date from which it was last authorised to be
increased by an order under this section) and the date
on which it becomes payable ; and
(b) B is the number of complete months in that base period.
( 3) In the case of the first order made under this section in
consequence of any such direction as aforesaid, subsection ( 1 )
above shall have effect as if the increase required to be authorised
in the case of any pension (whether beginning before or during
the base period) were an increase equal to the percentage
specified in the direction multiplied by A
where-
B
(a ) A is the number of complete months in the period
between the beginning of the pension (or, if later, the
date from which it was last authorised to be increased
by an order under section 2 of the Pensions (Increase)
Act 1971) and the end of the base period for that
direction ; and
( b) B is the number of complete months in that base
period .
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c.60
1745
( 4 ) In the case of the first order so made under this section,
PART IV
subsection (2) above shall have effect as if-
(a) for the reference to any lump sum that becomes pay-
:
able during the base period there were substituted
a reference to any lump sum that becomes or has
become payable before the end of the base period
but after the date from which official pensions were
last increased by an order under section 2 of the
Pensions (Increase) Act 1971 ; and
1971 с. 56.
(b) the reference in paragraph ( a) of the subsection to the
date from which the lump sum was last authorised
to be increased were a reference to the date specified
in paragraph (a) above.
(5) The increases in the rate of a pension that may be provided
for by an order under this section are to be calculated by
reference to the basic rate of the pension as authorised to be
increased by section 1 of the said Act of 1971 or by any order
under section 2 of that Act or this section ; but where a person
is entitled to a guaranteed minimum pension when an order
under this section comes into force, the amount by reference
to which any increase authorised by that or any subsequent order
is to be calculated shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the rate of the guaranteed minimum pension.
(6 ) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument and shall be laid before Parliament after being made.
(7) In this section-
" base period ", in relation to any such direction as is
mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, means the period
ending with the coming into force of that direction
and beginning with the coming into force of the last
previous such direction or, if there was none, with
the first day of the second tax year for which lower
and upper earnings limits are specified under section
1 above ;
"beginning date ", in relation to a lump sum, shall be
construed in accordance with sections 8(2) and 9(2) (a)
of the said Act of 1971 ;
66 "
lump sum includes an instalment of a lump sum ;
and this section and the said Act of 1971 shall have effect as if
this section were contained in Part I of that Act.
PART V
GENERAL
60.-( 1 ) The questions to which section 93( 1 ) of the principal Determination
Act applies (questions for determination by the Secretary of of questions .
State) shall include-
1746 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PARTV
1973 с. 38.
Consultation
about
regulations.
( a) any question as to which surpluses are to be taken into
account under section 6(2) above ;
( b) any question as to the amount of a person's guaranteed
minimum for the purposes of section 33 or 36 above ;
( c) any question whether a state scheme premium is pay-
able or has been paid in any case or as to the amount
of any such premium.
( 2) Any question arising under this Act whether the employ-
ment of an earner in employed earner's employment at any time
is or was contracted- out employment in relation to him shall be
referred by the Secretary of State to the Occupational Pensions
Board and determined by that Board.
( 3) Neither the said section 93( 1) nor section 98(1 ) of the
principal Act (questions for determination by insurance officers)
shall apply to any such question as is mentioned in subsection
(2) above.
( 4) Section 86( 1) of the Social Security Act 1973 ( references
and appeals from Occupational Pensions Board ) shall apply to-
( a) any matter which under subsection (2) above falls to be
determined by that Board ; and
(b) any matter arising under Part III or IV of this Act for
determination by the Board.
61.-(1 ) Section 139(1) of the principal Act (duty to consult
National Insurance Advisory Committee about proposed regula-
tions) shall not apply to-
(a) regulations under section 1 above or contained in a
statutory instrument which states that it contains only
regulations to make provision consequential on regu-
lations under that section ;
(b) regulations prescribing the maximum mentioned in
section 9 ( 3) above ;
( c ) regulations contained in a statutory instrument which
states that it contains only regulations to make provi-
sion consequential on the making of an order under
section 21 above ;
( d ) regulations made for the purposes of Part III or IV
of this Act ;
(e) regulations made before the beginning of the first tax
year for which lower and upper earnings limits are
specified under section 1 above where the statutory
instrument containing the regulations states that they
only make provision consequential on the passing of
this Act ;
( f ) regulations made before the end of the year mentioned
in paragraph (e) above under section 3 above or 63
below.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1747
( 2) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make any regula-
tions for the purposes of Part III or IV of this Act ( other than
regulations prescribing actuarial tables or regulations to be
made before the expiration of six months after the passing
of this Act ) he shall refer the proposals, in the form of draft
regulations or otherwise, to the Occupational Pensions Board.
( 3) The Board shall consider any proposals referred to them
under subsection (2) above and make a report to the Secretary of
State containing such recommendations as they think fit with
regard to the subject -matter of the proposals , and if after
receiving the Board's report the Secretary of State lays before
Parliament regulations or draft regulations which comprise the
whole or any part of the subject-matter of proposals referred to
the Board he shall lay with the regulations or draft a copy of the
report and a statement showing-
( a) the extent, if any, to which the Secretary of State has, in
framing the regulations, given effect to the recommenda-
tions contained in the Board's report ; and
( b) in so far as he has not given effect to any such recom-
mendations, his reasons for not doing so.
( 4 ) In relation to regulations required or authorised to be
made by the Secretary of State in conjunction with the Treasury,
any reference in this section to the Secretary of State shall be
construed as a reference to him and the Treasury acting jointly.
( 5 ) In the case of any regulations laid before Parliament at
a time when Parliament is not sitting, the requirements of sub-
section (3) above shall be deemed to be satisfied as respects either
House of Parliament if a copy of the report and the statement
referred to in that subsection are laid before that House not later
than the second day on which the House sits after the laying of
the regulations .
PART V
62. ( 1 ) Section 167 of the principal Act shall have effect as Other
if subsection ( 1 ) ( regulations and orders subject to affirmative provisions
about
procedure) included regulations made wholly or partly by virtue regulations
of-
and orders.
( a) paragraph 5(6 ) or (7) of Schedule 3 to that Act (contri-
bution conditions for Category A and B retirement
pensions, widowed mother's allowance and widow's
pension) ; or
(b) section 3 or 9(3) above.
( 2) Subsection (3) of the said section 167 (regulations and
orders subject to annulment) shall not apply to any order which
under any provision of this Act is required to be approved in
draft or to be laid before Parliament after being made.
(3) Section 166( 1) of the principal Act (power to make orders
to be exercisable by statutory instrument) shall not apply to any
1748 1965 с. 51 .
c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PARTV
Transitional
provisions.
power of the Occupational Pensions Board to make orders under
this Act .
(4 ) Where any provision of Part III or IV of this Act allows
for specified matters to be dealt with by, or determined in
accordance with, regulations made by the Secretary of State, any
regulations made by virtue of that provision may provide for
those matters to be dealt with by the Occupational Pensions
Board in their discretion or to be determined in accordance with
the exercise by the Board of a discretion vested in them by
the regulations, and for the Board's discretion to be exercised
either generally in regard to those matters or differently in regard
to particular cases or classes of case.
63.- ( 1 ) Regulations may make provision for any transitional
matter connected with the coming into force of this Act.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations may in particular-
( a) make provision whereby a contribution paid or credited
before ( or in respect of a period before) commence-
ment is treated, for the purposes of entitlement to or
the calculation of any benefit , as having been paid or
credited at a specified time or in respect of earnings of
a specified amount ;
(b) make provision whereby a person who has satisfied any
contribution condition before commencement is treated
as having satisfied any contribution condition having
effect by virtue of this Act ;
( c ) modify any contribution condition in cases where the
period in relation to which it is to be satisfied begins
before and ends after commencement ;
(d ) modify any provision of this Act in relation to persons
who have attained the age of 16 before commencement ;
( e) make provision with respect to the operation of Schedule
1 to this Act in relation to persons who have attained
pensionable age before commencement but have not
then retired from regular employment ;
( f ) make provision for effecting orderly transition between
Part III of the National Insurance Act 1965 and Part
III of this Act, including provision modifying for that
purpose any provision of those Parts ;
( g) make provision for enabling the Occupational Pensions
Board to issue contracting- out certificates on the basis
of such undertakings and information as may be
prescribed ;
( h) make provision for the preservation of rights under any
provision repealed or modified by this Act or other
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1749
wise for securing continuity between any such provi-
PARTV
sion and any provision of this Act.
( 3) In subsection (2) above " commencement " means the time
of the coming into force of any provision of this Act specified
in the regulations in question.
64.-( 1 ) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Expenses and
Parliament- receipts.
( a ) any expenses of the Secretary of State or any other
government department under this Act ;
( b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums falling
to be paid out of moneys so provided under any other
Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 5) of section 135 of the principal Act (reim-
bursement of expenses out of the National Insurance Fund) shall
have effect in relation to the expenses mentioned in paragraph
( a) of subsection ( 1) above as it has effect in relation to the
expenses mentioned in subsection (3)(a ) of that section ; and as
respects any increase attributable to this Act in the expenses
mentioned in the said subsection (3) (a) , subsection ( 1 ) (b) above
shall have effect subject to the said subsection (5) .
( 3) Any state scheme premium received by the Secretary of
State under this Act shall be paid by him into the National
Insurance Fund.
65.-( 1 ) The enactments mentioned in Part I of Schedule 4 Amendments of enactments ;
to this Act shall have effect with the amendments there speci- repeals.
fied, being amendments consequential on the provisions of this
Act and otherwise required in connection with those provisions.
(2) The enactments mentioned in Part II of Schedule 4 to
this Act shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had
effect, with the amendments there specified, being amendments
required for the correction in certain minor respects of the
social security consolidation Acts passed in March 1975 ; and
paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to the Social Security Benefits Act 1975 c. 11 .
1975 (commencement orders) shall be deemed not to have been
repealed.
( 3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 5 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
( 4) Without prejudice to any provision made by Schedule 4
to this Act, references in any enactment to benefit under the
principal Act shall, except where the context otherwise requires ,
be construed as including references to benefit under Part II
ofthisAct.
1750 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PARTV Interpretation.
1975 с. 14.
(5) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Minister for the Civil Service, make payments to the chairman
and members of the Reserve Pension Board in consequence of
its abolition by this Act.
66.- ( 1 ) In this Act-
" accrued rights " has the meaning given in section 38
above ;
"guaranteed minimum pension " has the meaning given in
section 26 above ;
" linked qualifying service " shall be construed in accord-
ance with section 38( 4 ) above ;
"
long- term benefit " means a Category A or Category B
retirement pension, a widowed mother's allowance, a
widow's pension or an invalidity pension ;
" normal pension age ", in relation to a member of an
occupational pension scheme, means the earliest age
at which that member can become entitled to receive
a pension under the scheme apart from any special
provision as to early retirement on grounds of ill- health
or otherwise ;
" occupational pension scheme " means any scheme or
arrangement which is comprised in one or more instru-
ments or agreements and which has, or is capable of
having, effect in relation to one or more descriptions
or categories of employments so as to provide benefits,
in the form of pensions or otherwise, payable on ter-
mination of service, or on death or retirement, to or
in respect of earners with qualifying service in an
employment of any such description or category :
" the principal Act " means the Social Security Act 1975 ;
" public service pension scheme " means an occupational
pension scheme established by or under an enactment
or the Royal prerogative or a Royal charter, being a
scheme-
( a) all the particulars of which are set out in, or in
a legislative instrument made under, an enactment,
Royal warrant or charter ; or
(b) which cannot come into force, or be amended,
without the scheme or amendment being approved
by a Minister of the Crown or government depart-
ment,
and includes any occupational pension scheme pre-
scribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State
and the Minister for the Civil Service jointly as being
a scheme which ought in their opinion to be treated as
a public service pension scheme for the purposes of
this Act:
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1751
"
qualifying earnings factor " has the meaning given in
section 5(3) above ;
"
requisite benefits " has the meaning given in section 26
above ;
"
resources " , in relation to an occupational pension scheme,
means the funds out of which the benefits provided
by the scheme ( whether requisite benefits or other
benefits ) are payable from time to time, including
the proceeds of any policy of insurance taken out, or
annuity contract entered into, for the purposes of the
scheme ;
" transfer credits " has the meaning given in section 38
above.
( 2) Except as respects commencement and extent, and subject
to sections 61 and 62 above, this Act and the principal Act shall
have effect as if the provisions of this Act other than section 59
were contained in that Act; and for that purpose-
(a) Part I and sections 27 and 28 of this Act shall be treated
as included in Part I of that Act (contributions) ; and
( b) Part II (except section 22) and section 29 of this Act
shall be treated as included in Chapter I of Part II of
that Act (contributory benefits) .
(3) References in Parts III and IV of this Act to employers
are to be treated, in relation to persons within the application
of an occupational pension scheme and qualifying or
prospectively qualifying for its benefits, as including references
to persons who in relation to them and their employment are
treated by regulations as being employers for the purposes of
those Parts of this Act; and, subject to any such regulations,
references in those Parts to an employer shall, in relation to an
earner employed in an office with emoluments, be construed as
references to-
( a ) such person as may be prescribed in relation to that
office ; or
( b) if no person is prescribed, the government department,
public authority or body of persons responsible for
paying the emoluments of that office.
( 4) Regulations may, for any purpose of Parts III and IV of
this Act, prescribe the persons who are to be regarded as mem-
bers or prospective members of an occupational pension scheme
and as to the times at which and the circumstances in which a
person is to be treated as becoming, or as ceasing to be, a
member or prospective member.
(5) Regulations may for any purpose of Parts III and IV of
this Act prescribe persons who, in the case of any scheme of
any prescribed category, are to be regarded as the trustees or
managers of a scheme of that category.
PART V
1752 c.60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
PART V
Commence-
ment.
Short title,
citation
and extent.
1975 с. 14.
1971 с. 56.
1973 с. 38.
(6 ) Except where the context otherwise requires, references
in this Act to any Part of it include references to any Schedule
having effect by virtue of any provision in that Part.
( 7) Any reference in this Act to another enactment shall,
except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed
as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or
under any other enactment, including an enactment contained in
this Act.
67.-(1 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order appoint; and different days
may be appointed for different provisions or for different
purposes of the same provision.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above there may by
an order under this section be appointed different days for the
coming into force of section 22 of this Act, and of other pro-
visions of this Act relevant to the operation of that section, in
relation to persons of different age groups.
( 3) An order under this section may make such transitional
provision or savings as appear to the Secretary of State to be
necessary or expedient in connection with provisions of this Act
which are thereby brought (wholly or partly) into force, and may
make such adaptations of those provisions or of any provisions
of this Act then in force as appear to the Secretary of State to
be necessary or expedient in consequence of the partly postponed
or postponed operation of any provision of this Act.
( 4) The power to make an order under this section includes
power to vary or revoke a previous order ; and any statutory
instrument containing such an order shall be laid before
Parliament after being made.
68.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Social Security Pensions
Act 1975 .
( 2) The Social Security Act 1975 and this Act may be cited
together as the Social Security Acts 1975.
( 3) The following provisions of this Act have the same extent
as the Pensions (Increase) Act 1971—
(a ) section 59 ;
( b) paragraph 18 of Schedule 4 ;
( c ) Schedule 5, so far as it repeals provisions of that Act.
(4) Section 57 of this Act extends to Northern Ireland ; and
this Act extends to Northern Ireland so far as it-
(a) amends sections 66, 67( 4) and 89 of, and Schedule 17 to,
the Social Security Act 1973 ;
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1753
(b) amends section 99(1) of that Act by inserting definitions
PART V
of " the Pensions Act " and " state scheme premium " ;
( c) repeals Part III and section 89(3) ( c) and ( 4 ) of that Act,
and Schedules 18 to 20 to that Act ;
(d ) by section 65(2) and Part II of Schedule 4 amends the
Social Security (Northern Ireland) Act 1975 and the 1975 с. 15 .
Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act 1975 and 1975 c. 18.
reinstates paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to the Social 1975 с. 11 .
Security Benefits Act 1975 ;
( e) repeals paragraphs 47 and (in part ) 58 of Schedule 2
to the Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act
1975;
( f ) amends or repeals provisions of the Income and 1970 c. 10.
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ;
( g ) amends provisions of the Finance Act 1971 ; 1971 с. 68.
( h) repeals provisions of the Public Records Act 1958, the 1958 c. 51 .
Superannuation Act 1972, the Parliamentary and other 1972 с. 11 .
Pensions Act 1972, the Pensions (Increase) Act 1974 1972 с. 48.
and the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 ; 1974 с. 9.
but subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection and to 1975 c. 24.
subsection (3) above, this Act does not extend to Northern
Ireland.
2B
1754 c.60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
Section 12.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
DEFERRED RETIREMENT
Increase of pension where pensioner defers retirement
1. Where a person defers his retirement from regular employment
after attaining pensionable age, the rate of his Category A or
Category B retirement pension shall be increased by an amount equal
to the aggregate of the increments to which he is entitled under
paragraph 2 below, but only if that amount is enough to increase
the rate of the pension by at least 1 per cent.
2.- (1) Subject to paragraph 3 below, a person is entitled to an
increment under this paragraph for each complete incremental period
in his period of deferment.
( 2 ) In this Schedule-
( a ) " incremental period " means any period of six consecutive
days, excluding Sunday ( Monday therefore being treated
as the next consecutive day following Saturday) ; and
( b) " period of deferment " , in relation to any person, means the
period beginning with the day on which he attains pension-
able age and ending with the day before that of his
retirement.
( 3) Subject to paragraph 3 below, the amount of the increment
for any such incremental period shall be 1/8th per cent. of the weekly
rate of the Category A or Category B retirement pension to which
that person would have been entitled for the period if he had retired
on attaining pensionable age.
( 4 ) For the purposes of sub -paragraph ( 3) above the weekly rate
of the pension for any period shall be taken to be the rate that would
have applied on the last day of that period, including any increase
under section 28( 7) of the principal Act (invalidity) and any increase
under paragraph 4 below but not any increase under section 41 , 45
or 46 of the principal Act ( child and adult dependants) or any
graduated retirement benefit.
( 5) Where one or more orders have come into force under section
124 of the principal Act (increases in rates of benefit ) during the
period of deferment the rate for any incremental period shall be
determined under sub- paragraph ( 4) above as if the order or orders
had come into force before the beginning of the period of deferment.
3. Regulations may provide that a day shall be treated in relation
to any person or his pension as not being a day of increment and-
(a ) if any incremental period in that person's period of defer-
ment consists wholly of days that fall to be so treated in
relation to him or his pension, he shall not be entitled to
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1755
any increment for that incremental period under sub-
paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 above ;
( b) if any such incremental period contains one or more such
days, the amount of the increment for the period under
sub- paragraph ( 3) of that paragraph shall be proportion-
ately reduced .
Increase of pension where pensioner's deceased spouse has
deferred retirement
4 .- (1 ) Where a woman is entitled to a Category A or Category
B retirement pension and-
( a ) she has had ahusband and he has died, and she was married
to him when he died ; and
( b ) the husband either-
(i) was entitled to a Category A or Category B
retirement pension with an increase under this Schedule ;
or
(ii ) would have been so entitled if he had retired on
the date of his death,
the rate of her pension shall be increased by an amount equal to the
increase to which he was or would have been entitled.
(2) Where a man is entitled to a Category A or Category B
retirement pension and-
( a ) he has had a wife and she has died, and he was married to
her when she died ; and
( b) he was over pensionable age when she died ; and
( c ) the wife either-
(i) was entitled to a Category A or Category B
retirement pension with an increase under this Schedule ;
or
(ii ) would have been so entitled if she had retired on the
date of her death,
the rate of his pension shall be increased by an amount equal to
the increase to which she was or would have been entitled.
Married women
5.- (1) For the purposes of paragraphs 1 to 3 above in their
application to a Category B retirement pension to which a married
woman is entitled by virtue of her husband's contributions, a married
woman who retires (or is deemed by virtue of section 27( 5) of the
principal Act to retire ) before her husband shall be treated as
deferring her retirement until he retires and her period of deferment
shall accordingly be treated as ending with the day before that of
his retirement.
( 2 ) References in sub-paragraph (1) above to the retirement of a
woman's husband shall, where the marriage is terminated before he
retires, be construed as references to the termination of the
marriage.
2B2
SCH. 1
1756 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 1
Section 52.
( 3 ) In the case of-
( a ) a Category B retirement pension to which a married woman
is entitled by virtue of her husband's contributions ; or
(b ) a married woman's Category A retirement pension with an
increase under section 10 ( 2) of this Act attributable to her
husband's contributions,
the reference in paragraph 2( 3) above to the pension to which a
person would have been entitled if he had retired on attaining
pensionable age shall be construed as a reference to the pension to
which she would have been entitled if she and her husband had
so retired .
( 4 ) Paragraph 4 ( 2) (c ) above shall not apply to a Category B
retirement pension to which the wife was or would have been
entitled by virtue of the man's contributions ; and where the Category
A retirement pension to which the wife was or would have been
entitled includes an increase under section 10( 2 ) of this Act attribut-
able to his contributions, the increase to which he is entitled under
that paragraph shall be calculated as if there had been no increase
under that section.
SCHEDULE 2
CONTRACTING- OUT REGULATIONS
:
General regulations
1. In relation to employments which are or at any time have
been contracted-out employments, and to the operation of schemes
by reference to which such employments are or have been contracted-
out, provision may be made by regulations-
( a ) for treating an earner's employment, where it ends before
a person succeeds to the business of the earner's employer,
as having been employment under the employer's successor ;
(b ) for disregarding changes in an earner's employment due to
the death of an employer or other cause, or any cesser
of contracted-out employment so due, or for treating
employment under one employer as a continuation of that
under another and treating any contracting-out certificate
issued to, or election made by, the former employer as
issued to or made by the latter ;
( c ) for disregarding temporary interruptions in an earner's em-
ployment or contracted-out employment, and for treating the
employment in either case as continuing during the
interruption ; and
(d ) generally as to the circumstances in which an earner's
employment is or is not to be treated as having begun, or
as having come to an end ;
and references in this paragraph to an earner's employment begin-
ning or ending shall include references to his employment becoming
or ceasing to be contracted-out employment.
2. Regulations may enable the Occupational Pensions Board to
determine, in prescribed circumstances, that an earner, or any group
of earners whose employment falls within a particular category or
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c .60
1757
description of contracted-out employments, has been in such employ-
ment from a date earlier than would otherwise be the case , not
being, in the case of an earner within the scope of the determination,
a date earlier than that on which his relevant employment began
or a contracting-out certificate was issued in respect of it, which-
ever is the later.
3. Provision may be made by regulations for requiring an employer
to give notice to the Secretary of State when an earner's employment
becomes or ceases to be contracted-out employment and when an
earner's employment in contracted-out employment begins or ends.
Requisite benefits
4.- (1) Regulations may, in relation to any method adopted in an
occupational pension scheme for making ascertainable its requisite
benefits, provide for adjusting figures so as to avoid fractional
amounts and otherwise to facilitate computation.
( 2 ) Regulations may require employers of earners ( whether or not
for the time being in contracted-out employment ) to notify earners
and others, in the prescribed manner, of the method by which the
requisite benefits of any occupational pension scheme fall to be calcu-
lated under the scheme and any regulations applicable thereto.
Modification of Part III in certain cases
5.- (1) Regulations may modify the provisions of Part III of this
Act in their application to cases in which a person is employed at
the same time in two or more employments ( whether or not under
the same employer), being employments of which at least one is
contracted-out employment but which are not all contracted-out
employments, with a view to enabling the employments to be treated
either separately or together for the purposes of that Part of this Act.
( 2) Regulations may modify the provisions of Part III of this
Act in their application to cases in which-
(a ) any description of benefit under a scheme is subject to a
limit ( however imposed) operating so as to prevent service
beyond a particular length from qualifying for further
benefits ;
( b) earners qualify for the benefits of a scheme by reference not
only to service in contracted-out employment but also to
service in the same or another employment ( whether or not
contracted-out employment) before the scheme was con-
tracted-out in relation to them or their employment ;
and regulations under this paragraph may include provision for
securing that in such cases an earner's employment does not cease
to be contracted-out employment only because his service for the
time being does not qualify him for the requisite benefits.
State scheme premiums
6.- (1 ) Regulations may make provision for requiring persons to
furnish the Secretary of State or the Occupational Pensions Board
with such information as he or the Board may require for the
purposes of sections 42 to 50 of this Act.
2B3
SCH. 2
1758 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 2 ( 2) In relation to employed earners who, in any period of service
in contracted-out employment-
( a ) have been paid earnings in any income tax week by more
than one person in respect ofdifferent employments ; or
( b) have worked under the general control or management of
a person other than their immediate employer,
and in relation to any other case for which it appears to the Secretary
of State that such provision is needed, regulations may provide that
for the purposes of sections 42 to 45 of this Act the prescribed
person shall be treated as
llbe treat the employer of any earners.
( 3) Regulations may, in relation to state scheme premiums,
provide-
( a ) for dispensing with the payment of a premium where its
amount would be inconsiderable ;
(b) for treating a premium payable in respect of any person as
actually paid where the failure to pay is shown not to have
been with the consent or connivance of, or attributable to
any negligence on the part of, that person ;
( c ) for treating a premium wrongly paid, or paid as to the wrong
amount, as paid ( wholly or in part ) in discharge of a
liability for another premium or for contributions under
Part I of the principal Act ;
( d ) for the return of premiums paid in error or, in prescribed
circumstances, of premiums as to which the Secretary of
State is satisfied that they ought to be repaid ;
( e ) for the Secretary of State, in prescribed circumstances where
a premium has been paid in respect of a person, to direct
the payment out of the National Insurance Fund to that
person or his estate of an amount equal to a prescribed part
ofthe premium ;
( f ) for any other matters incidental to the payment, collection or
return of premiums.
Centralised schemes
7.- (1 ) Regulations may modify sections 31 to 49 of this Act in
their application to employments in the case of which earners under
different employers qualify by virtue of their respective service in
those employments for the benefits of the same occupational pension
scheme.
( 2 ) Regulations under this paragraph may provide-
( a ) for the trustees or managers of the scheme instead of the
employer to be subject to the liabilities imposed by
sections 42 to 45 of this Act ;
( b ) for the adjustment (whether as a consequence of any pro-
vision made under paragraph ( a ) above or otherwise) of
rights and liabilities as between employers, earners and
the trustees or managers.
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1759
Special provisions for certain public service pension schemes
SCH. 2
8.- (1) In relation to employments of any class to which this
paragraph applies, the Secretary of State may by regulations-
( a ) direct that elections with a view to the issue, variation
or surrender of contracting-out certificates shall be made
and revoked by him instead of by the employer ;
( b) make provision for other things which by or under Part
III of this Act are required or authorised to be done by
or to an employer to be done instead by or to the Secre-
tary of State ;
( c ) make provision for treating any employments of the class
in question as employments under a single employer
different from the employer in any other employment ;
( d ) make provision for the recovery by the Secretary of State
of any state scheme premium from any person where it
has been paid by the Secretary of State instead of by that
person.
( 2 ) Before making any regulations under this paragraph the Secre-
tary of State shall consult with such bodies concerned with
employments of the class in question as appear to him fairly to
represent the interests of the employers and earners in those
employments.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 4) and ( 5) below, the employments
in which an earner's service qualifies him for benefit under any of
the following enactments shall constitute a class to which this
paragraph applies-
Section 26 of the Fire Service Act 1947 ;
The Police Pensions Act 1948 ;
Sections 7 to 10 of the Superannuation Act 1972.
1947 с. 41 .
1948 с. 24.
1972 с. 11 .
( 4) Where service in any employment would qualify a person as
aforesaid under any of the enactments specified in sub - paragraph
( 3) above but for rules having effect under section 2 of the Super-
annuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 (persons transferring 1948 с. 33.
to and from certain employments), the employment shall be treated
as falling within the class to which that enactment relates and as
not falling within any other class to which this paragraph applies .
( 5 ) Where a local Act contains a provision for the payment of
benefits in respect of service which but for the provision would
qualify a person for such benefits under the enactments specified in
sub-paragraph ( 3) above, that provision shall be deemed to be in-
cluded among the enactments so specified.
Incidental matters
9. Regulations may make provision for any incidental matters
connected with the provisions of Part III of this Act in relation to
any employment which is, has been or may become contracted- out
employment and for any incidental matters otherwise connected with
the provisions of that Part or this Schedule.
2B4
1760 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
Section 58. SCHEDULE 3
PRIORITY IN BANKRUPTCY ETC.
Earner's contributions to occupational pension scheme
1. Section 153 of the principal Act shall have effect as if the
debts specified in subsection ( 2) of that section included any sum
owed on account of an earner's contributions to an occupational
pension scheme, being contributions deducted from earnings paid
in the period of four months immediately preceding the date of
the relevant event or otherwise due in respect of earnings paid or
payable in that period.
Employer's contributions to occupational pension scheme
2.- (1 ) The said section 153 shall have effect as if the debts
specified in subsection (2 ) of that section also included any sum
owed on account of an employer's contributions to a contracted- out
scheme, being contributions payable-
( a ) in the period of twelve months immediately preceding the
date of the relevant event ; and
( b) in respect of earners in contracted-out employment by
reference to the scheme towards the provision for those
earners of guaranteed minimum pensions under the scheme.
( 2 ) In so far as contributions cannot from the terms of the scheme
be identified as falling within sub-paragraph ( 1) above, the amount of
the debt having priority by virtue of that sub-paragraph shall be
deemed to be an amount equal to-
(a ) 7 per cent. of the total reckonable earnings paid or payable,
in the period of twelve months referred to in that sub-
paragraph, to or for the benefit of non-contributing earners ;
or
( b) 4-5 per cent. of the total reckonable earnings paid or payable
in that period to or for the benefit of contributing earners .
( 3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 2) above-
(a) the earnings to be taken into account as reckonable earnings
are those paid or payable to or for the benefit of earners
in contracted-out employment ( by reference to the scheme)
in the whole or any part of the said period of twelve
months ; and
(b) earners are to be identified as contributing or non-
contributing in relation to service of theirs in contracted-out
employment by reference to the scheme according to whether
or not in the period in question they were liable under
the terms of the scheme to contribute in respect of that
service towards the provision of pensions under the scheme.
( 4) In this paragraph " employer " shall be construed in accord-
ance with regulations made under section 66(3) of this Act and
" reckonable earnings ", in relation to any employment, means the
earner's earnings from that employment so far as those earnings-
(a ) were comprised in any payment of earnings made to him
or for his benefit at a time when the employment was
contracted-out employment ; and
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1761
( b) exceeded the current lower earnings limit but not the current
upper earnings limit.
SCH. 3
State scheme premiums
3 .- (1) The said section 153 shall have effect as if the debts,
specified in subsection ( 2 ) of that section also included any sum
owed on account of a state scheme premium payable at any time
before, or in consequence of, the occurrence of the relevant event.
( 2 ) Where any such premium is payable in respect of a period
of service of more than twelve months (taking into account any
previous linked qualifying service), the amount to be paid in priority
by virtue of this paragraph shall be limited to the amount of the
premium that would have been payable if the service had been
confined to the last twelve months taken into account in fixing the
actual amount of the premium .
( 3) Where-
( a ) by virtue of this paragraph the whole or part of a premium
is required to be paid in priority to other debts of the
debtor or his estate ; and
(b ) the person liable for the payment would be entitled to
recover the whole or part of any sum paid on account of
it from another person either under section 47 of this Act
or under any provision made by the relevant scheme for
the purposes of that section or otherwise,
that other person shall be liable for any part of the premium for
the time being unpaid ; but so that no person shall be liable by
virtue of this sub-paragraph for an amount in excess of the sum
which might thereunder be recovered from him if the premium had
been paid in full by the person liable for it , after deducting from
that sum any amount which has been or may be recovered from
him in respect of any part of that payment paid otherwise than
under this sub-paragraph.
( 4) The payment under sub-paragraph ( 3) above of any amount
in respect of a premium shall have the same effect on the rights and
liabilities of the person making it ( other than his liabilities under
that sub-paragraph) as if it had been a payment of that amount
on account of the sum recoverable from him in respect of a premium
as mentioned in sub-paragraph (3)(b) above.
Interpretation
4. In this Schedule " the relevant event " has the meaning assigned
to it by Schedule 18 to the principal Act in relation to section 153(2)
of that Act ; and references to a contracted-out scheme, contracted-
out employment and a state scheme premium include references to
a contracted-out scheme, contracted-out employment and a state
scheme premium within the meaning of any provisions in force in
Northern Ireland and corresponding to the provisions of this Act.
1762 c . 60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
Section 65(1 ), (2) .
1913 с. 20.
1914 c. 59.
1948 с. 38 .
1948 с. 41 .
1964 с. 42.
SCHEDULE 4
AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS
PART I
CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER AMENDMENTS
The Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) Act 1913
1. In section 118( 1) of the Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) Act 1913 for
paragraphs ( f ) and ( g) there shall be substituted-
" ( f ) all the debts specified in section 153( 2) of the Social
Security Act 1975, Schedule 3 to the Social Security Pensions
Act 1975 and any corresponding provisions in force in
Northern Ireland ".
The Bankruptcy Act 1914
2. In the Bankruptcy Act 1914—
( a ) in section 33( 1) for paragraphs ( f ) and ( g) there shall be
substituted-
" ( f ) all debts specified in section 153(2) of the Social
Security Act 1975, Schedule 3 to the Social Security
Pensions Act 1975 and any corresponding provisions in
force in Northern Ireland " ;
(b) in Schedule 2 to that Act , in paragraph 9 for the words
" contributions or premiums payable under Part III of the
Social Security Act 1973 " there shall be substituted the
words " state scheme premiums payable under Part III of
the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 or any correspond-
ing provisions in force in Northern Ireland " .
The Companies Act 1948
3. In section 319(1)( e) of the Companies Act 1948 for the words
from " all the debts " onwards, there shall be substituted the words
" all the debts specified in section 153( 2) of the Social Security Act
1975, Schedule 3 to the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 and any
corresponding provisions in force in Northern Ireland ".
The Law Reform ( Personal Injuries ) Act 1948
4. In section 2(1) of the Law Reform ( Personal Injuries) Act
1948 for the words " the Social Security Act 1975 or the Social
Security ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1975 " there shall be substituted
the words " the Social Security Act 1975, the Social Security Pensions
Act 1975 or any corresponding provisions in force in Northern
Ireland. "
The Administration of Justice Act 1964
5. In section 17( 2)( b) of the Administration of Justice Act 1964
for the words from " together " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " together with—
(i) secondary Class 1 contributions payable in respect of those
officers under Part I of the Social Security Act 1975 ; and
(ii) state scheme premiums so payable under Part III of the
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 " .
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1763
The Family Allowances Act 1965 SCH. 4
6. In section 8( 3) of the Family Allowances Act 1965 after the 1965 c. 53.
words " the Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be inserted the
words ,
the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 "."
The Supplementary Benefit Act 1966
( The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 )
7. In section 16 (1)(a) of the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 after
the words " the Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be inserted
the words " or Part II of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 ".
8. In section 26( 4 ) of that Act after the words " Part II of the
Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be inserted the words " or
Part II of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 ".
9. In paragraph 24 of Schedule 2 to that Act-
(a ) after sub- paragraph ( 2)(d ) there shall be inserted-
"(e ) any guaranteed minimum pension within the meaning
of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 " ;
( b ) in sub-paragraph ( 3) after the words " the Social Security
Act 1975 " there shall be inserted the words " or Part II
of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 " ;
( c ) in sub-paragraphs ( 4) and ( 5 ) for the words " the rate
specified in Part I of Schedule 4 to the Social Security
Act 1975 for a widow's pension under that Act " there
shall be substituted the words " the sum specified in
section 6(1)(a) of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 ”.
1966 с. 20.
The Agriculture Act 1967
10. In section 67( 3) (e ) of the Agriculture Act 1967 after the words
" Part II of the Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be inserted
the words " or Part II of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 ".
1967 с. 22.
The Rent Act 1968
11. In section 40( 3) ( a) of the Rent Act 1968 for the words " Part III
of the Social Security Act 1973 " there shall be substituted the words
" Part III of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975. "
1968 с. 23 .
The Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
12. In section 8(2) (b) of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970 after the words " those Acts " there shall be inserted the words
or the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 or under any provisions
in force in Northern Ireland and corresponding to the last-mentioned
Act. "
1970 с. 10.
The Administration of Justice Act 1970
13. In Schedule 4 to the Administration of Justice Act 1970 for
paragraph 3 there shall be substituted-
" 3. State scheme premiums under Part III of the Social
Security Pensions Act 1975. "
1970 с. 31 .
1764 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 4
1970 с. 55.
1971 с. 32.
1971 с. 56.
1971 с. 68.
1972 с. 46.
1972 с. 47.
The Family Income Supplements Act 1970
14. In section 8( 4 ) of the Family Income Supplements Act 1970
for the words " the Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the Social Security Acts 1975 ".
The Attachment of Earnings Act 1971
15. In section 24( 2) of the Attachment of Earnings Act 1971 after
paragraph (e) there shall be inserted-
" ( f ) guaranteed minimum pension within the meaning of the
Social Security Pensions Act 1975."
16. In Schedule 2 to that Act for paragraph 3 there shall be
substituted-
" 3. State scheme premiums under Part III of the Social
Security Pensions Act 1975. "
17. In Schedule 4 to that Act for the words " The Social Security
Act 1975 (c. 14) " there shall be substituted the words " The Social
Security Acts 1975 ( cc. 14 and 60) " .
The Pensions ( Increase) Act 1971
18. In section 5( 3) of the Pensions ( Increase ) Act 1971 for the
words " in relation to a particular review under section 2 above "
there shall be substituted the words " for any particular purpose ".
19. In section 15 ( 4 ) of that Act for the words " section 1 or 2
above " there shall be substituted the words " section 1 above or
section 59 of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 " .
The Finance Act 1971
20. In paragraph 1( b) of Schedule 4 to the Finance Act 1971
for the words following " benefit under " there shall be substituted-
" (i) the Social Security Act 1975,
(ii ) the Social Security Pensions Act 1975,
(iii) the Social Security ( Northern Ireland) Act 1975, or
(iv ) any provisions in force in Northern Ireland and
corresponding to provisions of the Social Security Pensions
Act 1975,
which is payable to the wife otherwise than by virtue ( wholly or
partly ) of her own contributions . "
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
21. In Schedule 2 to the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972, in paragraph 9(2)(i ) for the words " the rate specified in
Schedule 4 to the Social Security Act 1975 for a widow's pension
under that Act " there shall be substituted the words " the sum
specified in section 6(1)( a) of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975. "
The Housing Finance Act 1972
22. In Schedule 3 to the Housing Finance Act 1972, in paragraph
9( 2)( j ) for the words " the rate specified in Schedule 4 to the Social
Security Act 1975 for a widow's pension under that Act " there
shall be substituted the words " the sum specified in section 6(1)(a)
of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975."
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1765
The Social Security Act 1973 SCH. 4
23. In section 51(7 ) ( a) of the Social Security Act 1973 for the word 1973 c. 38.
" recognised " there shall be substituted the words " contracted-out " .
24. In section 63 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 4 ) for the words " section 51( 4) (a) of this
Act " there shall be substituted the words " section
40 (1) of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 (in this Act
referred to as " the Pensions Act " ) " ;
( b) in subsection (6 ) for the word " recognition " there shall be
substituted the words " contracting-out ".
25. In section 64 of that Act-
( a ) in subsections ( 3) ( the concluding words), ( 4 ) and (8) after
the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words
or the Pensions Act " ;66
( b ) in subsection ( 3) (a ) for the words " recognised pensionable
employment " there shall be substituted the words
" contracted-out employment " .
26. In section 66 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) after the words " this Act " there shall be
inserted the words " and the Pensions Act " ;
(b) in subsection ( 7 )(a ) for the words " recognition certificates "
there shall be substituted the words “ contracting- out
certificates " ;
( c) after subsection ( 9) there shall be inserted-
66 (10) References in this section to the Pensions Act
and contracting- out certificates shall respectively include
references-
( a ) to any provisions in force in Northern Ireland
and corresponding to provisions of this Part of
this Act or the Pensions Act ; and
(b) to contracting- out certificates within the mean-
ing of any such provisions."
27. In section 67 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1)(a) for the words " recognition certificate "
66
there shall be substituted the words contracting-out
certificate" ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ) after the words " review under this section "
there shall be inserted the words " or under any corres-
ponding provision in force in Northern Ireland ".
28. In section 69(2 )(a) and (5 ) of that Act for the words " recog-
nised " there shall be substituted the words " contracted-out ".
29. In section 86 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1)(a) after the words " this Act " there shall
be inserted the words "
or Part III or IV of the Pensions
Act";
1766 1973 с. 50.
с .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 4
( b ) in subsection (1)(b) for the words from " under section
85(1 ) " onwards there shall be substituted the words " under
section 60(2) of the Pensions Act falls to be determined by
that Board " ;
( c ) in subsection (1)( c ) for the words " either Board " in both
places there shall be substituted the words " that Board " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 3) for the words " either Board " there shall
be substituted the words " the Occupational Pensions
Board".
30. In section 89(1) and ( 3)( b) of that Act for the words from
" reserve scheme contributions " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " state scheme premiums ".
31. In section 99(1) of that Act the following definitions shall be
inserted at the appropriate points-
"" contracted- out employment ' and ' contracting-out certifi-
cate ' shall be construed in accordance with section 30 of
the Pensions Act and references to a contracted-out scheme
and to contracting-out shall be construed in accordance
with section 32 of that Act ; "
،،،guaranteed minimum pension ' has the meaning given in
section 26 of the Pensions Act ;"
"' the Pensions Act ' means the Social Security Pensions Act
" ; 1975
،،،
requisite benefits ' has the meaning given in section 26
of the Pensions Act ;
ود
،،،
state scheme premium ' means a state scheme premium
under Part III of the Pensions Act or under any correspond-
ing provision in force in Northern Ireland ; " .
32. In Schedule 16 to that Act-
( a ) in paragraph 4( 2) and ( 3) for the words " minimum benefits
for recognition purposes وو
" minimum personal pension
"
and "minimum benefits " there shall be substituted the
words " requisite benefits " ;
( b) in paragraph 7(1)(b) for the words " recognised pensionable
employment " there shall be substituted the words
contracted- out employment " ;"
( c ) in paragraph 9(2)( a) for the word " recognised " there shall
be substituted the words " contracted-out " ;
( d ) in paragraph 23 for the words "
recognised pensionable
employment " there shall be substituted the words
contracted- out employment " .
33. In Schedule 17 to that Act, in paragraph 14, after the word
" Act " there shall be inserted the words “
or under any correspond-
ing provision in force in Northern Ireland ".
The Employment and Training Act 1973
34. In section 12(2)(a) of the Employment and Training Act 1973
after the words " the Social Security Act 1975 " there shall be
inserted the words " , the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 " .
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c. 60
1767
The National Insurance Act 1974
SCH. 4
35. In section 6(1) of the National Insurance Act 1974 there 1974 с. 14.
66
shall be added at the end the words or the Social Security
Pensions Act 1975."
The Social Security Act 1975
36. In section 4 of the Social Security Act 1975—
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words following paragraph (b)
there shall be substituted the words " and those limits
shall be such amounts as may be specified for that year
under section 1 of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975
(in this Act referred to as " the Pensions Act ") " ;
( b ) in subsection (6 ) after the words " subject to regulations
under sections 128 to 132 below " there shall be inserted
the words " and to section 27 of the Pensions Act ".
37. In section 12(1)( f ) of that Act after the words " payable to a
woman by virtue of her husband's contributions " there shall be
inserted the words 6 "
or payable to a man by virtue of his late
wife's contributions ".
38. In section 13 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 2), after paragraph ( b) there shall be inserted
" and
( c ) of calculating the additional component in the rate
of a long-term benefit " ;
( b ) at the beginning of subsection (3) there shall be inserted
Subject to section 3 of the Pensions Act ".66
39. In section 14 of that Act-
( a ) for subsection (2)(c ) there shall be substituted-
" (c) the person-
( i ) would on that day have been entitled to a
Category B retirement pension by virtue of the
contributions of his deceased spouse, but
( ii) has made an election for the purposes of section
30 ( 3) of this Act and has not revoked the
election. " ;
( b ) for subsection (6 )(a) there shall be substituted-
" (a) any increase under section 10(2) of or Schedule 1
to the Pensions Act ; ".
40. In section 15 of that Act-
(a ) for subsection (2)(b) there shall be substituted-
" ( b) the person-
(i ) would on that day have been entitled to a
Category B retirement pension by virtue of the
contributions of his deceased spouse, but
(ii) has made an election for the purposes of section
30(3) of this Act and has not revoked the
election. " :
1975 с. 14.
1768 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 4 ( b) in subsection ( 3) for the words from " at the weekly rate"
onwards there shall be substituted the words " at the rate
specified in section 14 of the Pensions Act " ;
(c ) for subsection ( 4 ) (a) there shall be substituted-
"( a ) any increase under section 10(2) of or Schedule 1
to the Pensions Act ; " .
41. In section 25(1 ) of that Act for the words " at the weekly rate
specified in relation thereto in Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph 6 "
there shall be substituted the words " at the rate specified in section
13 of the Pensions Act".
42. In section 26(1) of that Act for the words " at the weekly rate
specified in relation thereto in Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph 7 "
there shall be substituted the words " at the rate specified in section
13 of the Pensions Act ".
43. In section 28(1) of that Act for the words " at the weekly
rate specified in relation thereto in Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph
8" there shall be substituted the words " at the rate specified in
section 6 of the Pensions Act" .
44. In section 29( 7) of that Act in paragraph (a )(i) the word
" lower " shall be omitted and in paragraphs (a )( ii) and (b) for the
words " at the higher rate so specified " there shall be substituted
the words " at the rate specified in section 7 of the Pensions Act " .
45. In section 30( 4)(b) of that Act there shall be inserted at the
end the words " or Category A with an increase by virtue of that
husband's contributions under section 10( 2 ) of the Pensions Act ".
46. In section 33(3) of that Act after the words " Schedule 4 to
this Act " there shall be inserted or Part II of the Pensions Act ""
47. In section 34(1) of that Act, after paragraph (c ), there shall
be inserted-
" (cc ) mobility allowance ".
48. In section 42( 3) of that Act after the words " Category A "
there shall be inserted " , В ".
49. In section 119( 4 ) of that Act, after paragraph (c) there shall be
inserted-
" (cc) modifying those subsections in relation to payments by
way of a mobility allowance in respect of any person,
where the benefit was not paid to him but to some other
person on his behalf ".
50. In section 120 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1) for the words " in respect of contributions
"
there shall be substituted the words " in respect of Class
2, 3 or 4 contributions " ;
( b) in subsection (2) for the words " contributions under this
Act" there shall be substituted the words " contributions
of those Classes " ;
( c ) subsection ( 5 )( a ) shall be omitted .
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1769
51. In section 125(1 ) of that Act, for paragraph ( a ) there shall be
substituted-
" (a) Parts I, IV and V of Schedule 4 to this Act and paragraphs
1 to 3, 4 and 5 of Part III ; and".
52. In section 135( 2) of that Act, after paragraph ( c) there shall be
inserted-
" (cc) a mobility allowance " .
53. In section 143(1) of that Act, after paragraph (b) there shall
be inserted-
" ( bb) payments to or in respect of persons suffering from physi-
cal disability such that they are unable to walk or virtually
unable to do so " .
54. In section 144(2)( c) of that Act after the words " contributions
under this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or a state scheme
premium under Part III of the Pensions Act ".
55. In section 145 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1)(a) after the words " this Act " there shall
be inserted the words " or any state scheme premiums under
Part III of the Pensions Act " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2) ( e) after the word " contributions " there
shall be inserted the words " or premiums " .
56. In section 146(1) of that Act after the words " Act to pay "
there shall be inserted the words 66
or any state scheme premium
which is payable by him under Part III of the Pensions Act ".
57. In section 148(1)( b) of that Act after " Revenue) " there shall
be inserted the words " or of a state scheme premium " .
58. In section 150( 1) of that Act after the word " contribution "
( in both places) there shall be inserted the words "
or premium ".
59. In section 151 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1) for the words "
reserve scheme contributions
or premiums under the 1973 Act " there shall be substituted
the words " state scheme premiums under Part III of the
Pensions Act " ;
(b ) in subsection (3) for the words " reserve scheme contribu-
tions or premiums " there shall be substituted the words
" state scheme premiums ".
60. In section 152 of that Act for subsection (8) there shall be
substituted-
" (8) Sums recovered by the Secretary of State under the
provisions mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above, so far as repre-
senting state scheme premiums, are to be treated for all purposes
of the Pensions Act ( including in particular sections 47 and
64(3)) as premiums paid to the Secretary of State under that
Act in respect of the persons in respect of whom they were
originally payable . "
61. In Schedule 1 to that Act, in paragraph 6(1)( f ) for the words
“
" section 8(3) of this Act " and reserve scheme contributions or
a reserve scheme premium " there shall be substituted respectively the
SCH. 4
1770 1975 с. 18.
1975 с. 14.
1975 с. 15 .
c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 4 words " section 5 of the Pensions Act" and " a state scheme
premium ".
62. In Part I of Schedule 4 to that Act, for paragraph 9 there shall
be substituted-
" 9. Category B retire-
£ 6.90 "
ment pension where sec-
tion 29(7)(a)(i) applies.
63. In Part V of Schedule 4 to that Act, in paragraph 13 for
the words " the weekly rate for the time being of a widow's
pension as specified in Part I of this Schedule, paragraph 7 "
there shall be substituted the words " the sum specified in section
6 (1)( a) of the Pensions Act ".
64. In Schedule 20 to that Act the following definitions shall be
inserted at the appropriate points-
"" Long-term benefit '
A Category A or Category B
retirement pension , a
widowed mother's allow-
ance, a widow's pension or
an invalidity pension. "
"" The Pensions Act '
The Social Security Pensions
Act 1975. "
،،، Qualifying earnings
factor '
An earnings factor equal to the
lower earnings limit for the
tax year in question multi-
plied by 52." ,
and in the second column of that Schedule in the definition of
" Week " , after " 45(3) " there shall be inserted " of this Act and
section 35(6) of the Pensions Act ".
The Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act 1975
65. In Schedule 3 to the Social Security (Consequential Provisions)
Act 1975, in paragraph 9(1)(b) for the words " those schemes and
provisions " there shall be substituted the words " that scheme ".
PART II
MINOR CORRECTIONS OF 1975 CONSOLIDATION ACTS
The Social Security Act 1975
66. In section 142( 4)(b) of the Social Security Act 1975, for
the words " Great Britain " and " Northern Ireland " there shall
be substituted respectively the words " Northern Ireland " and
" Great Britain " .
67. In section 152 ( 2) of that Act, for the words " Criminal Justice
Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 " .
The Social Security (Northern Ireland ) Act 1975
68. In section 96(1) of the Social Security ( Northern Ireland) Act
1975, for the words " 95( 1)(a) or (b) " there shall be substituted the
words " 95( 1 ) (a) or (c) " .
69. In section 133( 3)( b ) of that Act, for the words " Northern
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c.60
1771
Ireland " and " Great Britain " there shall be substituted respec-
tively the words " Great Britain " and " Northern Ireland ".
70. In section 138( 5 ) of that Act, for the word " paragraph " there
shall be substituted the word " subsection " .
The Social Security (Consequential Provisions) Act 1975
71. In Schedule 3 to the Social Security (Consequential Provisions)
Act 1975-
( a ) for paragraph 12( 4) there shall be substituted-
" ( 4) In paragraph 10 of this Schedule as it applies
to Northern Ireland-
( a ) the first reference in sub-paragraphs ( a) and
( b ) to an Order in Council includes a reference
to an order made by the Secretary of State ;
and
( b ) in sub-paragraph ( b) the words " and any
regulations having effect by virtue of section
22(2) of the Family Allowances Act " shall
be omitted. "
(b) after paragraph 13(1 ) there shall be inserted-
66 (1A ) An order made by the Secretary of State,
under an enactment repealed by this Act, for any pur-
pose for which an Order in Council may be made under
one of the consolidations shall not be invalidated by the
repeal but shall have effect as if it were an Order in
Council so made."
( c ) in paragraph 31, there shall be inserted at the end of
the Table-
" The words from
" by statutory in-
strument " onwards
( in paragraph
30( 2)) .
The words " by statutory rule
for the purposes of the Statu-
tory Rules Act ( Northern Ire-
land) 1958 ; and any statutory
rule containing any such regu-
lations shall be laid before the
Northern Ireland Assembly
after being made."
SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Public Records Act In Schedule 1, in Part I, in the
с. 51. 1958.
second column of the Table,
the words " Reserve Pension
Board".
1970 с. 10. The Income and Corpor-
ation Taxes Act 1970.
In section 219( 3), paragraph (a)
"
the words or any secondary
reserve scheme contribution
within the meaning of the
said Act of 1973 " ; and the
words " in either case ".
SCH. 4
1975 с. 18.
Section 65(3) .
1772 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 5
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1971 с. 32. 1971 с. 56. The Attachment of Earn-
ings Act 1971 . The Pensions ( Increase)
Act 1971 .
In Schedule 3, paragraph 3( b).
Section 2 but without prejudice
to any existing order under
that section.
Section 9( 3) , (4) and ( 4A ) .
Section 25.
1972 с. 11. The Superannuation Act
1972.
1972 с. 48. The Parliamentary and
other Pensions Act 1972. Section 34(2).
1972 с. 53. TheContractsofEmploy- In section 6, paragraph ( d )
ment Act 1972. together with the word " and "
immediately preceding it.
1973 с. 38. The Social Security Act Section 1( 7), (8) and (9) .
1973 . Section 23( 1 ) .
In section 51 , subsections ( 1 ),
( 2 ) and ( 4 ), in subsection ( 5 )
the words " in subsection
( 4 )( a) above and " and sub-
sections (6), (8) and ( 9).
In section 52, subsections (1) to
( 7 ), in subsection ( 8) the words
" for the purposes of recog-
nition, and " and " other "
and subsection ( 9) .
Sections 53 to 57.
Section 58(1 )(c), (3), ( 4) and (5).
In section 59, in subsection (1)
the words in brackets, and
subsections (2) to (9) .
Sections 60 to 62.
Part III .
Section 85.
In section 86, in subsections (1),
( 4), ( 5 ) and ( 8) the word
" concerned ", in subsection
( 4 ), paragraph (b) together
with the word or " im-
mediately preceding it and
subsection ( 9).
Section 88.
In section 89, in subsection (3),
paragraph (c) ; and subsection
( 4 ).
Section 91 .
In section 92, subsections (1)
and (2); in subsection ( 4 ) the
words from " the recovery
"
onwards; and subsections (5)
to ( 7 ).
Section 93 .
In section 98, in subsection
( 1)( a) the words from “ in-
cluding " onwards, and sub-
section (2) .
In section 99, in subsection (1)
all the definitions except those
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 c . 60
1773
SCH. 5
1973 с. 38.
-cont.
Chapter Short Title
The Social Security Act
1973 -cont.
Extent of Repeal
of"
66
earnings", employ-
ment ", " Inland Revenue",
" linked qualifying service",
"the Northern Ireland
Ministry ", " occupational
pension scheme ", pre-"
scribed " , " publicservice pen-
66
sion scheme ", resources
and "transfer credits ",
and subsections (6), (7), ( 10),
( 13 ) and (14 ).
Schedule 15.
Schedules 18, 19 and 20.
Schedule 22.
In Schedule 23, paragraph 5,
and from paragraph 7 to the
end.
Schedule 24.
1974 с. 9.
The Pensions (Increase) In section 3, subsection (1) and
Act 1974. in subsection ( 3)( a) the figure
“ 2(1 ) ".
1974 с. 14. The National Insurance
In Schedule 4, paragraphs 33 to
Act 1974.
35.
1975 с. 14.
The Social Security Act
In section4( 6 ) (a) the words " or
1975.
2 per cent. according to
whether the earner is liable to
contribute at the standard
rate or the reduced rate ".
Sections 5 and 6.
Section 7( 2) and (3).
In section 8, in subsection (2),
paragraph (b) together with
the word " and " immediately
preceding it, and subsection
( 3).
In section 9(8)(b) the words
following " pensionable age " .
In section 27( 6), the words
from " but where " onwards.
Section 28(2) to (6 ) and (8)(a) .
In section 29, in subsection
( 7 )(a) (i) the word " lower "
and subsections (10) to ( 12) .
In section 42(4 )( a) the words in
brackets .
Section 120(5)(a) .
Section 130(2) and (3) .
In section 133(6), in paragraph
( a ) the words " the Reserve
Pension Fund or " and in
paragraph (b) the words " out
of the Reserve Pension Fund
or".
In section 167( 1)(a) the entry
relating to section 5( 3) and (4).
In Schedule 4, in Part I, paга-
graphs 2, 6, 7 and 8.
Schedule 7.
1774 c .60
Social Security Pensions Act 1975
SCH. 5
Chapter Short title
1975 с. 14.
-cont.
The Social Security Act
1975 -cont.
1975 с. 18 .
The Social Security ( Con-
sequential Provisions)
Act 1975.
1975 с. 24.
The House of Commons
Disqualification Act
1975.
Extent of repeal
In Schedule 20 the definitions of
" Reserve Pension Fund ",
" Reserve scheme contri-
butions" and " Reserve
scheme premiums ".
In Schedule 2, paragraphs 1( b),
2(b), 7(a) , 47, 51 , 53 to 57, 58
( except so much as substitutes
" Ministry " for " Minister "
in section 89( 1) of the 1973
Act ), 59 and 62 to 65.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph
9(1)(a) the word " (respective-
ly ) " and paragraph (ii)
together with the word " and "
immediately preceding it .
In Part II of Schedule 1 the
words " The Reserve Pension
Board".
c. 61 1775
SINOHS

EUFT + MON DROL
Child Benefit Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 61
An Act to replace family allowances with a new benefit to
be known as child benefit and, pending the introduction
of that benefit, to provide an interim benefit for
unmarried or separated parents with children ; to
amend the Family Allowances Act 1965 as respects
children entitled to non-contributory invalidity pen-
sion ; to repeal paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the
Supplementary Benefit Act 1966; and for purposes
connected with those matters . [7th August 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
CHILD BENEFIT
Entitlement and amount
1.- ( 1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a Child benefit .
person who is responsible for one or more children in any
week beginning on or after the appointed day shall be entitled
to a benefit (to be known as " child benefit ") for that week in
respect of the child or each of the children for whom he is
responsible.
(2) Child benefit shall be paid by the Secretary of State out of
moneys provided by Parliament.
(3) No allowances shall be payable under the Family Allow- 1965 c . 53.
ances Act 1965 for any period beginning on or after the
appointed day.
с. 61
1776 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART I
Meaning of
" child" .
Meaning of
“ person responsible
for child".
1968 с. 46.
1947 с. 27.
2.- (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a person
shall be treated as a child for any week in which-
( a ) he is under the age of sixteen ; or
( b) he is under the age of nineteen and receiving full- time
education by attendance at a recognised educational
establishment.
( 2 ) In determining for the purposes of paragraph ( b) of sub-
section ( 1 ) above whether a person is receiving full- time
education as mentioned in that paragraph, no account shall be
taken of such interruptions as may be prescribed.
(3) Regulations may provide that a person who in any week
ceases to fall within subsection ( 1) above shall be treated as
continuing to do so for a prescribed period ending not more
than thirteen weeks after the end of that week ; but no person
shall by virtue of any such regulations be treated as continuing
to fall within that subsection for any week after that in which
he attains the age of nineteen.
3.- (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a person
shall be treated as responsible for a child in any week if-
( a ) hehas the child living with him in that week ; or
( b) he is contributing to the cost of providing for the child
at a weekly rate which is not less than the weekly rate
of child benefit payable in respect of the child for that
week.
(2) Where a person has had a child living with him at some
time before a particular week he shall be treated for the
purposes of this section as having the child living with him in
that week notwithstanding their absence from one another unless,
in the sixteen weeks preceding that week, they were absent from
one another for more than fifty- six days not counting any day
which is to be disregarded under subsection (3) below.
( 3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, a day of absence shall
be disregarded for the purposes of subsection ( 2) above if it
is due solely to the child's-
(a) receiving full -time education by attendance at a
recognised educational establishment ;
( b ) undergoing medical or other treatment as an in-patient
in a hospital or similar institution ; or
( c ) being, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, in
residential accommodation pursuant to arrangements
made under section 12 of the Health Services and Public
Health Act 1968 or section 27(1) of the National Health
Service (Scotland) Act 1947.
с. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1777
( 4 ) The number of days that may be disregarded by virtue
PART I
of subsection ( 3)( b) or ( c) above in the case of any child shall
not exceed such number as may be prescribed unless the person
claiming to be responsible for the child regularly incurs expendi-
ture in respect of the child.
( 5) Regulations may prescribe the circumstances in which a
person is or is not to be treated-
( a ) as contributing to the cost of providing for a child as
required by subsection ( 1 )(b) above ; or
( b) as regularly incurring expenditure in respect of a child
as required by subsection ( 4) above ;
and such regulations may in particular make provision whereby
a contribution made or expenditure incurred by two or more
persons is to be treated as made or incurred by one of them
or whereby a contribution made or expenditure incurred by
one of two spouses residing together is to be treated as made
or incurred by the other.
4.-( 1 ) Regulations may provide that child benefit shall not be Exclusions
payable by virtue of section 2( 1)(b) above in such cases as may be and priority.
prescribed ; and Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect for
excluding entitlement to child benefit in other cases.
(2) Where, apart from this subsection, two or more persons
would be entitled to child benefit in respect of the same child
for the same week, one of them only shall be entitled ; and the
question which of them is entitled shall be determined in accord-
ance with Schedule 2 to this Act.
5.-( 1 ) Child benefit shall be payable at such weekly rate as Rate of child
may be prescribed.
benefit.(2) Different rates may be prescribed in relation to different
cases, whether by reference to the age of the child in respect of
whom the benefit is payable or otherwise.
(3) The power to prescribe different rates under subsection (2)
above shall be exercised so as to bring different rates into force on
such day as the Secretary of State may by order specify.
( 4) No rate prescribed in place of a rate previously in force
shall be lower than the rate that it replaces.
( 5) In the year beginning with the appointed day and in
each subsequent year beginning with the anniversary of that
day, the Secretary of State shall consider whether the rate or
any of the rates then in force under this section should be
increased having regard to the national economic situation as a
whole, the general standard of living and such other matters as
he thinks relevant.
c.61
1778 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART I
( 6 ) The transitional provisions contained in Schedule 3 to
this Act shall have effect where there is an increase in the rate
or any of the rates for the time being in force under this section.
Claims and
payment.
Administration and enforcement
6.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall
be entitled to child benefit unless he claims it in the prescribed
manner.
( 2 ) Unless regulations otherwise provide, no person shall be
entitled to child benefit for any week more than fifty-two weeks
before that in which it is claimed.
(3) Except where regulations otherwise provide, no person
shall be entitled to child benefit for any week on a claim made
by him after that week if child benefit in respect of the same
child has already been paid for that week to another person,
whether or not that other person was entitled to it.
( 4) Regulations may make provision-
( a ) for permitting a claim to child benefit to be made, or
treated as if made, for a period beginning after the date
on which the claim is made ;
(b) for permitting an award on any such claim to be made
for a period beginning after the date on which the
claim is made subject to the condition that the claimant
satisfies the requirements for entitlement when benefit
becomes payable under the award ;
(c) for the review of any such award if those requirements
are found not to have been satisfied ;
( d ) for enabling one person to act for another in relation
to a claim to child benefit and for enabling such a claim
to be made and proceeded with in the name of a
person who has died ;
(e) for a claim to child benefit to be treated as a claim to
benefits under any other Act and for a claim to any
such benefits to be treated as a claim to child benefit.
(5) Regulations may also make provision-
(a ) as to the time when and the manner in which child
benefit is to be paid ;
( b) as to the information and evidence to be furnished by
persons claiming or entitled to child benefit or to whom
child benefit is being or may be paid ;
( c) for child benefit to which one person is entitled to be
paid to another person on his behalf ;
с. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1779
( d ) for the payment or distribution of child benefit to or
among persons claiming to be entitled on the death of
any person and for dispensing with strict proof of their
title;
(e) for extinguishing the right to child benefit if it is not
obtained within a prescribed period, not being less than
twelve months from the date on which the right is to
be treated under the regulations as having arisen.
PART I
7. (1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, any question as to the Determination
right to child benefit shall be determined by an insurance officer, of questions.
a local tribunal or a National Insurance Commissioner in accord-
ance with regulations made for the purposes of this section ;
and any such regulations may in particular-
(a ) contain provisions corresponding to, or apply with or
without modifications, any of the provisions for the
time being applying to the determination of questions
as to the right to any benefit under the Social Security 1975 с . 14.
Act 1975 ;
( b) make provision for purposes corresponding to those for
which provision may be made by regulations under
section 115 of that Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to any question which
under Schedule 2 to this Act or regulations made under this Act
falls to be determined by the Secretary of State in his discretion.
( 3) Any decision of the Secretary of State on any such question
as is mentioned in subsection (2) above may be given so as to have
effect with respect to a period before the date of the decision ;
and the Secretary of State may at any time and from time to time
reconsider the exercise of his discretion with respect to any such
question and decide it again with such other effect as may seem
to him to be proper in the circumstances of the case.
8. ( 1 ) The provisions of section 82(3) of the Social Security Suspension,
Act 1975 ( suspension of payment of benefit) and section 119 of and effect of
that Act (effect of adjudication on payment and recovery) shall adjudication
on payment
apply-
and recovery.(a ) in relation to child benefit as they apply in relation to
benefit under that Act; and
( b) in relation to a person entitled to child benefit as they
apply in relation to a beneficiary under that Act,
with the necessary modifications (in particular in relation to
payments of child benefit not made to the person entitled but
made to some other person on his behalf) .
c .61
1780 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART I
1975 с. 14.
1975 с. 16.
( 2 ) Where, in the case of any person, any sum may by virtue
of any provision made for the purposes of this Part of this
Act by regulations under subsection ( 4) of the said section 119
be recovered by deduction from any payment under this Act,
it may instead be recovered from him in whole or in part by
deduction from benefit under the Social Security Act 1975, the
Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1975 or the
Social Security Pensions Act 1975 .
Age, marriage
and death.
9.- ( 1) Section 160 of the Social Security Act 1975 ( infor-
mation as to births, marriages and deaths) shall apply for the
purposes of this Part of this Act as it applies for the purposes
ofthatAct.
( 2 ) Regulations may make provision as to the circumstances in
which-
( a) a marriage celebrated under a law which permits poly-
gamy ; or
( b) a marriage during the subsistence of which a party to it
is at any time married to more than one person,
is to be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as
having, or not having, the consequences of a marriage celebrated
under a law which does not permit polygamy.
Disclosure of
10.- ( 1 ) No obligation as to secrecy imposed by statute or
information by otherwise on persons employed in relation to inland revenue shall
Inland
Revenue.
prevent information obtained in connection with the assessment
or collection of income tax from being disclosed to the Secretary
of State, or to an officer authorised to receive such information,
in connection with the operation of this Part of this Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above extends only to disclosure by or
under the authority of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ;
and information which is subject to disclosure to any person
by virtue of that subsection shall not be further disclosed to
any person except where the disclosure is made-
(a) to a person to whom disclosure could by virtue of that
subsection have been made by or under the authority
of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ; or
( b ) for the purposes of proceedings ( civil or criminal) in
connection with the operation of this Part of this
Act; or
( c) for any purposes of section 7 above.
Offences and
11.-( 1) If any person for the purpose of obtaining child
prosecutions. benefit, whether for himself or some other person, or for any
other purpose connected with this Part of this Act-
( a) knowingly makes any false statement or false repre-
sentation ; or
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1781
( b) produces or furnishes, or causes or knowingly allows
PART J
to be produced or furnished, any document or informa-
tion which he knows to be false in a material
particular,
he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary convic-
tion to a fine not exceeding £ 400, or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding three months, or to both.
( 2 ) Any regulations made for the purposes of this Part of this
Act may provide that any person who contravenes any require-
ment of the regulations shall be guilty of an offence under this
Part of this Act and liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £50.
(3) Proceedings in England and Wales for an offence under
this Part of this Act shall not be instituted except by or with
the consent of the Secretary of State or by an officer authorised
for that purpose by special or general directions of the Secretary
of State.
( 4) Any officer so authorised may, although not of counsel
or a solicitor, prosecute or conduct before a magistrates' court
any proceedings for such an offence.
( 5) Notwithstanding any enactment prescribing the period
within which summary proceedings may be commenced, pro-
ceedings in England and Wales for an offence under this Part
of this Act may be commenced at any time within the period
of three months from the date on which evidence sufficient
in the opinion of the Secretary of State to justify a prosecution
for the offence comes to his knowledge, or within the period of
twelve months after the commission of the offence, whichever
period last expires.
( 6 ) Proceedings in Scotland for an offence under this Part of
this Act may be commenced at any time within the period of
three months from the date on which evidence sufficient in
the opinion of the Secretary of State to justify a report to the
Lord Advocate with a view to consideration of the question of
prosecution comes to the knowledge of the Secretary of State,
or within the period of twelve months after the commission of
the offence, whichever period last expires; and section 23(2) of
the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954 (time limits ) 1954 c. 48.
shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as it applies for
the purposes of that section.
( 7 ) For the purposes of subsections (5 ) and (6 ) above, a
certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the
Secretary of State as to the date on which the evidence
referred to in those subsections came to his knowledge shall be
conclusive evidence of the date on which it did so.
с. 61
1782 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART I
Benefit to be
inalienable.
1913 с. 20.
1958 с. 28.
( 8) In any proceedings for an offence under this Part of this
Act the wife or husband of the accused shall be competent to
give evidence, whether for or against the accused, but shall not
be compellable either to give evidence or, in giving evidence,
to disclose any communication made to her or him by the
accused during the marriage.
12.- ( 1 ) Every assignment of or charge on, and every agree-
ment to assign or charge, child benefit shall be void ; and on the
bankruptcy of a person entitled to child benefit no rights in
respect of the benefit shall pass to any trustee or other person
acting on behalf of his creditors.
( 2) In the application of this section to Scotland references to
assignment shall be read as references to assignation and the
reference to a person's bankruptcy shall be read as a reference
to the sequestration of his estate or the appointment on his
estate of a judicial factor under section 14 of the Bankruptcy
( Scotland ) Act 1913 or section 15 of the Solicitors (Scotland )
Act 1958 .
Persons outside Great Britain and reciprocal
arrangements with other countries
Persons
13.-( 1 ) Regulations may modify the provisions of this Part
outsideGreat Britain.
of this Act in their application to persons who are or have been
outside Great Britain at any prescribed time or in any prescribed
circumstances.
( 2 ) Subject to any regulations under subsection ( 1) above, no
child benefit shall be payable in respect of a child for any week
unless-
( a ) he is in Great Britain in that week ; and
( b) either he or at least one of his parents has been in
Great Britain for more than one hundred and eighty-
two days in the fifty -two weeks preceding that week.
(3) Subject to any regulations under subsection (1) above, no
person shall be entitled to child benefit for any week unless-
( a ) he is inGreat Britain in that week ; and
(b) he has been in Great Britain for more than one hundred
and eighty- two days in the fifty-two weeks preceding
that week.
Reciprocal 14.-( 1) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the
arrangements Treasury make reciprocal arrangements with the authority
with Northern administering any scheme in force in Northern Ireland and
Ireland.
appearing to him to correspond substantially with the scheme
contained in this Part of this Act for co - ordinating the operation
of those schemes, and such arrangements may include provision
for making any necessary financial adjustments .
с . 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1783
( 2) Regulations may make provision for giving effect to any such arrangements ; and such regulations may in particular
provide-
( a) for modifying this Part of this Act or any regulations
made under it ;
( b) without prejudice to paragraph ( a ) above, for securing
that acts, omissions and events having any effect for
the purposes of the scheme in force in Northern Ireland
shall have a corresponding effect for the purposes of
this Part of this Act ( but not so as to confer any
double benefit) ;
(c) for determining, in cases where rights accrue both under
that scheme and under this Part of this Act, which of
those rights shall be available to the person concerned.
( 3) The power conferred by subsection (2) (a ) above shall be
exercisable in relation to provisions contained in any Act passed
after this Act which is directed to be construed as one with
this Act or this Part of it ; but this subsection shall apply only
so far as a contrary intention is not expressed in the later Act
and shall be without prejudice to the generality of any such
direction.
PART I
15.- (1 ) For the purpose of giving effect to any agreement Reciprocal
with the government of any country outside the United Kingdom agreements
providing for reciprocity in matters relating to payments for with countries
outside the
purposes similar or comparable to the purposes of this Part of United
this Act, Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision Kingdom.
for modifying the provisions of this Part of this Act and regula-
tions made under it in their application to cases affected by the
agreement.
( 2) The modifications which may be made by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) above shall include in particular provision-
(a) for securing that acts, omissions and events having any
effect for the purposes of the law of the country in
respect of which the agreement is made shall have a
corresponding effect for the purposes of this Part of
this Act ( but not so as to confer any double benefit) ;
(b) for determining, in cases where rights accrue both
under that law and under this Part of this Act, which
of those rights shall be available to the person
concerned ;
( c ) for making any necessary financial adjustments .
(3) Subsection (3) of section 14 above shall apply to the power
conferred by subsection ( 1) above as it applies to the power
conferred by subsection ( 2) (a) of that section .
c .61
1784 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART II
OTHER BENEFITS
Interim
16.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person who
benefit for
unmarried
is the parent of one or more children shall be entitled to a bene-
or separated parents with children.
fit under this section for any week in the interim period in
which-
(a) he has the child or any of the children living with him ;
and
( b) either he has no spouse or is not residing with his
spouse ; and
( c ) he is not cohabiting with any other person as his spouse.
( 2 ) In subsection (1) above " the interim period " means the
period ending immediately before the appointed day and begin-
ning with such earlier day ( being a Monday) as the Secretary
of State may by order specify.
( 3) The benefit to which a person is entitled under this section
for any week shall be of an amount equal to that for the time
1965 с. 53.
being specified under section 1 of the Family Allowances Act
1965 as the weekly rate of an allowance under that Act for
one child.
( 4) Benefit under this section shall be paid by the Secretary
of State out of moneys provided by Parliament.
( 5) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall be
entitled to benefit under this section unless he claims it in the
prescribed manner ; and, unless regulations otherwise provide,
no person shall be entitled to such benefit for any week before
that in which it is claimed.
(6) Regulations may-
(a) prescribe the circumstances in which a person is or is
not to be treated for the purposes of this section as
having a child living with him ;
(b) make provision for excluding entitlement to benefit
under this section in the case of a person who is entitled
to any such other payment out of public funds as may
be prescribed and in a case where the child or all the
children living with a person are included in another
person's family for the purposes of the Family Allow-
ances Act 1965 ;
(c) make provision, in a case where a person is entitled
to benefit under this section, for reducing by the
amount of that benefit the amount of any such other
payment out of public funds as may be prescribed.
c.61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1785
( 7) Any question as to the right to benefit under this section
PART II
shall be determined by the Secretary of State but regulations
shall make provision for an appeal to lie-
( a) to such tribunal as may be constituted for that purpose
by the regulations from any decision given by the
Secretary of State on any such question, and
( b) to such person as may be appointed for that purpose by
the Lord Chancellor after consultation with the Lord
Advocate from any decision given by such a tribunal.
(8) The chairman of any tribunal constituted for the purposes
of subsection (7) (a) above shall be a barrister, advocate or
solicitor.
( 9) Regulations may also make provision-
(a) for the review of decisions given under or by virtue of
subsection (7) above ;
( b) for any purpose corresponding to the purposes of the
provisions mentioned in subsection (1) of section 8
above or to the purposes of subsection (2) of that
section.
( 10) The Secretary of State may out of moneys provided by
Parliament-
( a ) pay to members of any such tribunal as may be con-
stituted by regulations under this section, and to any
such person as may be appointed under this section ,
such fees and allowances ; and
( b ) make such other payments to any other persons for
the purpose of, or in connection with, their attendance
before such a tribunal or such a person,
as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister
for the Civil Service determine.
(11) Sections 2, 6( 4) and (5) , 9 , 11 , 12, 13 and 14 above
shall have effect in relation to this section and benefit there-
under as they have effect in relation to Part I of this Act and
child benefit.
17.-( 1 ) Regulations may, with effect from any day in the Social security
week beginning with the appointed day, reduce the sum specified benefits in
in any of the provisions mentioned in subsection ( 2) below to respect of
children.
such extent as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate having
regard to the introduction of child benefit ; and regulations may,
with effect from any day on or after that on which there is an
increase in the rate or any of the rates of child benefit, reduce
any such sum as aforesaid to such extent as the Secretary of State
thinks appropriate having regard to that increase .
2C
c .61
1786 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART II
1975 с. 14.
( 2) The provisions referred to in subsection ( 1) above are-
( a ) paragraph 10 of Part I of Schedule 4 to the Social
Security Act 1975 ( child's special allowance) ;
( b) paragraph 4 of Part III of that Schedule (guardian's
allowance) ;
(c) column (2) of Part IV of that Schedule (increase for
child dependants) ;
( d ) paragraphs 9 and 10 of Part V of that Schedule (increase
of injury benefit and disablement pension in respect
ofchildren ) ;
( e) paragraph 15 of Part V of that Schedule ( allowance in
respect of deceased's children) .
( 3) Schedule 14 to the Social Security Act 1975 (provisions
applying where rates of benefit are altered by an Act) shall
have effect as if any alteration by regulations under this section
were an alteration by an Act.
( 4) Any reduction that could be made under subsection ( 1 )
above may be made instead by an order under section 124 of the
said Act of 1975 (power to increase rates of benefit) ; and where
section 125(3) of that Act ( duty to increase rates of benefit)
requires the Secretary of State to prepare and lay before Par-
liament the draft of an order under the said section 124 increas-
ing any sum that could be reduced under subsection ( 1 ) above,
the order may make such alteration in that sum as reflects the
combined effect of that increase and of any reduction that
could be made under that subsection .
(5) Regulations may provide for treating child benefit paid
under this Act as having been properly paid for any period for
which it is not in fact payable in cases where in con-
sequence of a subsequent decision under the Social Security
Act 1975 the person in respect of whom the child benefit was
paid is entitled to a non- contributory invalidity pension for that
period, and for reducing or withholding any arrears payable
by virtue of the subsequent decision.
(6) Regulations may also provide for treating a non- contribu-
tory invalidity pension paid to a person which it is subsequently
decided was not payable as having been properly paid for any
period for which it is not in fact payable in cases where in
consequence of a subsequent decision under this Act another
person is entitled to child benefit in respect of him for that
period, and for reducing or withholding any arrears payable
by virtue of that subsequent decision .
Child Benefit Act 1975 1787
c. 61
18.-( 1 ) In section 11 ( which provides that certain children
PART II
are not to be included in a family for family allowances purposes) Provisions
of the Family Allowances Act 1965 after subsection ( 7) there as to the
shall be inserted-
exclusion
66
from a family
(8) Where a person is entitled to a non-contributory for family
invalidity pension under section 36 of the Social Security allowances
Act 1975, he shall not be treated as included in any family purposes of
children
as being a child for the purposes of this Act as respects any entitledto
period during which he is so entitled. ".
non-
( 2) In section 13( 1 ) (regulations) of the said Act of 1965 after contributory
invalidity
paragraph (e) there shall be inserted- pension.
66
( f ) for treating an allowance as having been paid on 1965 c. 53.
account of a non-contributory invalidity pension in
cases where in consequence of a subsequent decision
under the Social Security Act 1975 a child who had
been treated as included in a family for the purposes
of this Act is entitled to a non-contributory invalidity
pension for any period for which the allowance was
paid, and for reducing or withholding accordingly any
arrears payable by virtue of the subsequent decision ;
( g) for treating a non-contributory invalidity pension paid
to a child which it is subsequently decided was not
payable as having been paid on account of an allowance
in cases where in consequence of a subsequent decision
under this Act he is treated as included in a family for
any period for which the non-contributory invalidity
pension was paid, and for reducing or withholding
accordingly any arrears payable by virtue of that
subsequent decision. " .
19. Paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the Supplementary Benefit Abolition of
Act 1966 (which prevents a person's supplementary benefit wage-stop.
exceeding what would be his earnings if he were engaged in full- 1966 c. 20.
time work in his normal occupation) shall cease to have effect.
PART III
GENERAL
20.-( 1 ) Regulations may make provision for any transitional Transitional
matter connected with the coming into force of any provision provisions.
of this Act. :
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations may in particular make provision-
( a ) for enabling claims to child benefit to be made and
disposed of, and for enabling such benefit to be
awarded, before the appointed day (but not so as to
accrue before that day) ;
2C2
с . 61
1788 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART III
1965 с. 53 .
(b) for treating a person who before the appointed day is
entitled to an allowance under the Family Allowances
Act 1965 as having made a claim to child benefit in
respect of each child within the meaning of that Act
( including the elder or eldest ) who is included in his
family for the purposes of that Act ;
( c ) for treating a person who immediately before the
appointed day is entitled to an allowance under that
Act in respect of any child as entitled from the
appointed day to child benefit in respect of that child
at such rate, for such period and subject to such con-
ditions as may be prescribed ;
( d ) for enabling claims to benefit under section 16 above
to be made and disposed of, and for enabling such
benefit to be awarded, before the beginning of the
interim period mentioned in that section ( but not so
as to accrue before the beginning of that period) ;
(e ) for treating a person who immediately before the
appointed day has a child living with him within the
meaning of that section, and is entitled to benefit under
that section, as entitled from the appointed day to child
benefit in respect of that child at such rate, for such
period and subject to such conditions as may be
prescribed.
Consequential
amendments
and repeals.
21.- (1 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 4 to this Act
shall be amended in accordance with that Schedule with effect
from such day in the week beginning with the appointed day as
the Secretary of State may by order specify.
( 2 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 5 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule-
( a) in the case of the enactments in Part I of that Schedule,
with effect from such day in the week beginning with
the appointed day as the Secretary of State may by
order specify ;
( b) in the case of the enactments in Part II of that Schedule,
with effect from the passing of this Act.
(3) Different days may be specified under subsections ( 1) and
(2) (a) above in relation to different provisions or for different
purposes in relation to the same provision.
c . 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1789
( 4) No amendment or repeal taking effect by virtue of sub-
PART III
section ( 1 ) or (2) above shall affect the operation of any enact-
ment, or of any instrument made thereunder, in relation to any
benefit or allowance for a period before the day from which the
amendment or repeal of that enactment takes effect.
( 5) In section 16( 1) of the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 1966 c. 20.
and paragraph 24(2) of Schedule 2 to that Act, and in section
2(5) of the Social Security Act 1971, references to allowances 1971 c. 73.
under the Family Allowances Act 1965 shall include references 1965 с. 53 .
to benefit under section 16 above ; and in section 8( 4) of the
Family Income Supplements Act 1970, Schedule 4 to the Attach- 1970 c. 55.
ment of Earnings Act 1971 and section 6(1) of the National 1971 c. 32.
Insurance Act 1974 references to the Family Allowances Act 1974 с. 14.
1965 or to the Family Allowances Acts 1965 to 1969 shall
include references to section 16 above.
( 6) Section 139( 1) of the Social Security Act 1975 ( which 1975 c. 14.
requires a preliminary draft of regulations to be submitted to the
National Insurance Advisory Committee before the regulations
are made or, in certain cases, before a draft is laid before Par-
liament) and section 141 (2) of that Act (which requires a pro-
posal to make regulations to be referred to the Industrial Injuries
Advisory Council for consideration and advice) shall not apply
to regulations made, or to a draft of regulations laid, before
the appointed day if the instrument containing the regulations
or, as the case may be, the draft states that the regulations con-
tain no provisions other than such as are made in consequence
of this Act.
( 7) Section 167(1) of the said Act of 1975 and section 4(8) (a)
of the Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1975 1975 с. 16.
shall not require a draft of any regulations, order or scheme
to be laid before Parliament or approved by resolution of either
House of Parliament before the making of the regulations, order
or scheme if the instrument containing the regulations, order
or scheme is made before the appointed day and states that it
is made in consequence of this Act ; but where either of those
enactments would otherwise so require, the instrument containing
the regulations, order or scheme shall instead be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
22.-( 1 ) Any power conferred by this Act to make regula- Regulations
tions shall be exercisable-
and orders.
( a) in the case of regulations made under section 5, by
the Secretary of State in conjunction with the Treasury ;
and
(b) in any other case, by the Secretary of State.
2 C3
c .61
1790 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART III ( 2) The power to make any regulations or orders under this
Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, no regulations shall be
made under section 5 or 17(1) above unless a draft of the
statutory instrument containing the regulations has been laid
before and approved by a resolution of each House of
Parliament.
( 4 ) Subsection (3) above shall not apply to regulations to be
made for the purpose only of consolidating regulations thereby
revoked.
( 5) A statutory instrument containing regulations to which
subsection (3) above does not apply shall be subject to annul-
ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament .
( 6 ) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in
Council or regulations may be exercised-
( a ) either in relation to all cases to which the power extends,
or in relation to those cases subject to specified excep-
tions, or in relation to any specified cases or classes of
case ;
( b) so as to make, as respects the cases in relation to which
it is exercised-
(i) the full provision to which the power extends
or any less provision (whether by way of exception
or otherwise) ,
(ii) the same provision for all cases in relation to
which the power is exercised, or different provision
for different cases or different classes of case or
different provision as respects the same case or class
of case for different purposes,
(iii ) any such provision either unconditionally or
subject to any specified condition .
( 7) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in
Council or regulations includes power to make thereby such
incidental or supplementary provision as appears to Her Majesty,
the Secretary of State or the Secretary of State and the Treasury,
as the case may be, to be expedient for the purposes of the Order
or regulations.
( 8) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in
Council includes power to vary or revoke a previous Order ;
and any order under section 5 (3) , 16 (2), 21 ( 1 ) or ( 2) (a) or 24( 1 ) of
this Act may be varied or revoked at any time before the day
specified or appointed thereby.
( 9) Any order under the provisions mentioned in subsection (8)
above shall be laid before Parliament after being made.
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1791
23.- ( 1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by PART III
Parliament-
Financial
(a) any expenses of the Secretary of State or any other provisions.
government department in the administration of this
Act;
( b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable
out of moneys so provided under any other Act.
( 2) As respects any increase attributable to this Act in the
expenses which under subsection (3)( a) of section 135 of the
Social Security Act 1975 are to be paid out of moneys provided 1975 c. 14.
by Parliament, subsection ( 1) (b) above is without prejudice to the
provision made by subsection (5 ) of that section for reimburse-
ment out of the National Insurance Fund.
( 3) Any sums repaid to the Secretary of State by virtue of
section 8 above shall be paid by him into the Consolidated Fund.
( 4) Where in consequence of this Act any payments fall
to be made by way of adjustment out of the National Insurance
Fund into the Consolidated Fund or out of moneys provided
by Parliament into the National Insurance Fund, those payments
shall be taken to be such, and payments on account of them
shall be made at such time and in such manner, as may be de-
termined by the Secretary of State subject to any directions
givenby the Treasury.
24.-( 1) In this Act-
"the appointed day" means such day ( being a Monday)
as the Secretary of State may by order appoint ;
" insurance officer " means an insurance officer appointed
under section 97 of the Social Security Act 1975 ;
" local tribunal " means a tribunal appointed under section
97 of that Act ;
" prescribed " , except where the context otherwise requires,
means prescribed by regulations under this Act ;
" recognised educational establishment " means an establish-
ment recognised by the Secretary of State as being, or
as comparable to, a university, college or school, and
regulations may prescribe the circumstances in which
a person is or is not to be treated for the purposes of
this Act as receiving full-time education by attendance
at such an establishment ;
" voluntary organisation " means a body, other than a
public or local authority, the activities of which are
carried on otherwise than for profit ;
" week " means a period of seven days beginning with a
Monday.
Interpretation.
1975 с. 14.
2C4
с. 61
1792 Child Benefit Act 1975
PART III
1968 с. 53.
Short title
and extent.
( 2) Subject to any provision made by regulations, references
in this Act to any condition being satisfied or any facts existing
in a week shall be construed as references to the condition being
satisfied or the facts existing at the beginning of that week.
( 3) References in this Act to a parent, father or mother of a
child shall be construed-
( a) as including references to the natural parent, father or
mother of an illegitimate child ;
( b) as including references to a step -parent, step-father
or step-mother ;
(c ) as if a child that has been adopted in pursuance of an
adoption order made in the United Kingdom, any of
the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, or by an
overseas adoption within the meaning of section 4 of
the Adoption Act 1968, were the child of the adopter
and not of any person who (not being the adopter)
was its parent at the time of the adoption .
( 4 ) Regulations may prescribe the circumstances in which
persons are or are not to be treated for the purposes of this Act
as residing together.
(5 ) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as conferring a
right to child benefit on any body corporate ; but regulations
may confer such a right on voluntary organisations and for that
purpose may make such modifications of any provision of this
Act as the Secretary of State thinks fit.
(6 ) Except where the context otherwise requires , any reference
in this Act to any enactment is a reference to that enactment
as amended or extended by or under any other enactment,
including this Act.
25.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Child Benefit Act 1975 .
( 2 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1793
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 4(1 ).
EXCLUSIONS FROM ENTITLEMENT
Children in detention, care etc.
1. Except where regulations otherwise provide, no person shall
be entitled to child benefit in respect of a child for any week if in that
week the child is-
( a ) undergoing imprisonment or detention in legal custody ;
( b) subject to a supervision requirement made under section 44
of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 and residing in 1968 c. 49.
a residential establishment within the meaning of that
section ; or
( c ) in the care of a local authority in such circumstances as may
be prescribed.
Employed trainees, etc.
2.- (1 ) No person shall be entitled to child benefit by virtue of
section 2(1)(b) of this Act in respect of a child if the
education in question is received by that child by virtue of his
employment or of any office held by him.
( 2 ) Regulations may specify the circumstances in which a child
is or is not to be treated as receiving education as mentioned in
sub-paragraph (1) above.
Married children
3. Except where regulations otherwise provide, no person shall
be entitled to child benefit in respect of a child who is married.
Persons exempt from tax
4. Except where regulations otherwise provide, no person shall be
entitled to child benefit in respect of a child if either that person or
such other person as may be prescribed is exempt from tax under
such provisions as may be prescribed.
Children entitled to non-contributory invalidity pension
5. Except where regulations otherwise provide, no person shall be
entitled to child benefit in respect of a child for any week in which
the child is entitled to a non-contributory invalidity pension under
the Social Security Act 1975 .
1975 с. 14.
SCHEDULE 2
PRIORITY BETWEEN PERSONS ENTITLED
Person with prior award
1.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, as between a person
claiming child benefit in respect of a child for any week and a
Section 4(2).
c.61
1794 Child Benefit Act 1975
SCH. 2 person to whom child benefit in respect of that child for that week
has already been awarded when the claim is made, the latter shall
be entitled .
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not confer any priority where
the week to which the claim relates is later than the third week
following that in which the claim is made.
Person having child living with him
2. Subject to paragraph 1 above, as between a person entitled for
any week by virtue of paragraph ( a ) of subsection (1) of section 3
of this Act and a person entitled by virtue of paragraph ( b) of that
subsection the former shall be entitled.
Husband and wife
3. Subject to paragraphs 1 and 2 above, as between a husband and
wife residing together the wife shall be entitled .
Parents
4.- (1) Subject to paragraphs 1 to 3 above, as between a person
who is and one who is not a parent of the child the parent shall be
entitled.
( 2) Subject as aforesaid, as between two persons residing together
who are parents of the child but not husband and wife, the mother
shall be entitled.
Other cases
5. As between persons not falling within paragraphs 1 to 4 above,
such one of them shall be entitled as they may jointly elect or, in
default of election, as the Secretary of State may in his discretion
determine.
Supplementary
6.- (1) Any election under this Schedule shall be made in the
prescribed manner.
( 2 ) Regulations may provide for exceptions from and modifications
of the provisions of paragraphs 1 to 5 above in relation to such
cases as maybe prescribed.
Section 5( 6 ) . SCHEDULE 3
INCREASES IN RATE OF BENEFIT
Preliminary
1. In this Schedule " benefit " means child benefit in relation to
which the rate is increased under section 5 of this Act and " the
increase date "means the date fixed for the commencement of pay-
ment of benefit at the increased rate.
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1795
Awards made before increase date
2.- ( 1) Where benefit has been awarded before the increase date,
then , subject to any prescribed exceptions or conditions, the benefit
shall ( except as respects any period falling before that date ) become
payable at the increased rate without any claim being made therefor,
and the award shall have effect accordingly.
( 2 ) Where benefit is awarded before the increase date but after
that date has been fixed, the award may provide for benefit to be
paid as from the increase date at the increased rate or may be
expressed in terms of the rate appropriate when the award is made.
Calculation of contributions and expenditure in respect of child
3. Where in connection with benefit any question arises in respect
of a period after the increase date-
( a ) as to the weekly rate at which a person is contributing to
thecost ofproviding for a child ; or
(b ) as to the expenditure that a person is incurring in respect
of a child,
and in determining that question account falls to be taken of
contributions made or expenditure incurred for a period before that
date, the contributions made or expenditure incurred before that
date shall be treated as increased in proportion to the increase
in the rate of benefit.
SCH. 3
SCHEDULE 4
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Supplementary Benefit Act 1966
(The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966)
1. In section 16( 1) of the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 for
paragraph (c) there shall be substituted-
" ( c ) child benefit ; ".
2. In paragraph 24( 2 ) of Schedule 2 to that Act for paragraph
( a ) there shall be substituted-
" (a) any child benefit ; ".
The Family Income Supplements Act 1970
3. For section 2 of the Family Income Supplements Act 1970
there shall be substituted-
" 2.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) of this section, the
prescribed amount for any family shall be such amount as may
be specified by regulations and different amounts may be so
specified according to the number of children included in the
family.
( 2 ) The amount specified under this section for any family
shall not be less than the amount which immediately before the
Section 21(1)
1966 с. 20.
1970 с. 55.
1796 Child Benefit Act 1975
c .61
SCH. 4
1971 c. 32.
1971 с. 73 .
1974 с. 14.
1975 с. 14.
appointed day for the purposes of the Child Benefit Act 1975
was the prescribed amount for a family which includes only one
child. "
4. In section 3 of that Act-
( a ) for subsection (1) there shall be substituted--
" (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
the weekly rate of a family income supplement shall be
one half of the difference between the amounts mentioned
in section 1 ( 2) of this Act but shall not in any case
exceed such amount as may be specified by regulations.
(1A) Different amounts may be so specified according
to the number of children included in a family and no
amount so specified shall be less than the existing
maximum minus an amount equal to the weekly rate of
child benefit for the time being in force or, if different
weekly rates of child benefit are in force, the lower or
lowest of them.
In this subsection " the existing maximum " means
the amount which immediately before the appointed day
for the purposes of the Child Benefit Act 1975 was the
maximum weekly rate of a family income supplement
in the case of a family which includes only one child. " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ) the words " and increase the amounts "
shall be omitted.
5. In section 8( 4) of that Act for the words " the Family
Allowances Acts 1965 to 1969 " there shall be substituted the words
" the Child Benefit Act 1975 " .
The Attachment of Earnings Act 1971
6. In Schedule 4 to the Attachment of Earnings Act 1971 for
the words " The Family Allowances Act 1965 " there shall be
substituted the words " The Child Benefit Act 1975 ".
The Social Security Act 1971
7. In section 2( 5) of the Social Security Act 1971 for the words
" any allowances under the Family Allowances Act 1965 " there
shall be substituted the words " any child benefit " .
The National Insurance Act 1974
8. In section 6( 1) of the National Insurance Act 1974 for the
words " the Family Allowances Acts 1965 to 1969 " there shall be
substituted the words " the Child Benefit Act 1975 " .
The Social Security Act 1975
9. In section 25 of the Social Security Act 1975-
( a ) in subsection (1) for paragraphs ( a ) to (c) there shall be
substituted-
" (a ) the woman is entitled to child benefit in respect
of a child falling within subsection (2) below ; or
( b ) the woman is pregnant by her late husband." ;
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1797
( b) for subsection ( 2) there shall be substituted-
" ( 2) A child falls within this subsection if one of the
conditions specified in section 43(1) of this Act ( condi-
tions of payment of increase for child dependants) is for
the time being satisfied with respect to the child and the
child is either-
( a ) a son or daughter of the woman and her late
husband ; or
(b ) a child in respect of whom her late husband was
immediately before his death entitled to child
benefit ; or
( c ) if the woman and her late husband were re-
siding together immediately before his death,
a child in respect of whom she was then entitled
to child benefit. " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3) for the words " subsection ( 1 )(a), (b) or (c)
above " there shall be substituted the words " subsection
(1)(a) or (b) above " .
10. In section 31 of that Act for paragraph ( b) there shall be
substituted-
" (b) she is entitled to child benefit in respect of a child and
either-
(i) she was so entitled immediately before that hus-
band's death ; or
(ii) in such circumstances as may be prescribed, he
was then so entitled ; and ".
11. In section 32 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 2)(b) for the words " widow or a child of
the family of a qualifying contributor " there shall be
66
substituted the words or widow of a qualifying contribu-
tor or a child in respect of whom a qualifying contributor
was entitled to child benefit " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2)(c)(i) for the words " a child of the family
of a person who pre-deceased him (and was so at the death
of that person) " there shall be substituted the words " a
child in respect of whom a person who pre-deceased him
was entitled at that person's death to child benefit ".
12. In section 38 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1) for the words " in respect of a child of
his family, where " there shall be substituted the words " in
respect of a child where he is entitled to child benefit in
respect of that child and " ;
( b) subsection ( 4 )( c )(iii ) shall be omitted ;
( c ) for subsection (5 ) there shall be substituted-
" (5) Where a husband and wife are residing together
and, apart from this subsection, they would each be
SCH. 4
c .61
1798 Child Benefit Act 1975
SCH. 4 entitled to a guardian's allowance in respect of the same
child, only the wife shall be entitled but payment may
be made either to her or to him unless she elects in the
prescribed manner that payment is not to be made to
him. "
13. In section 41 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " has a family which includes "
and " the appropriate amount specified in relation to the
benefit in question in Schedule 4, Part IV, column ( 2) or (3) "
there shall be substituted respectively the words " is entitled
to child benefit in respect of " and " the amount specified in
relation to the benefit in question in Schedule 4, Part IV,
column ( 2) " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ) for the words from " for the time being
included in her family " onwards there shall be substituted
the words " in respect of whom she is for the time being
entitled to child benefit by the amount specified in relation
to that allowance in Schedule 4, Part IV, column ( 2) " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5) for the words " has a family which includes
"
and " the appropriate amount specified in relation to that
allowance in Schedule 4, Part IV, column ( 3) " there shall be
substituted respectively the words " is entitled to child bene-
fit in respect of " and " the amount specified in relation to
that allowance in Schedule 4, Part IV, column (2) " .
14. Section 42 of that Act shall be omitted.
15. In section 43 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) the words " who is, or who falls to be
treated for the purposes of the relevant provision as a child
of that person's family " shall be omitted and for paragraph
( a ) there shall be substituted-
" (a ) that the beneficiary would be treated for the pur-
poses of the Child Benefit Act as having the child living
with him ; or " ;
(b) in subsection (2), in paragraph (a)(ii) for the words " living
together " there shall be substituted the words " residing
together " and for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted-
" (b) the contributions are over and above those
required for the purpose of satisfying subsection
(1)(b) of section 3 of the Child Benefit Act. " ;
(c ) subsections ( 3) and ( 4) shall be omitted.
16. In section 44 of that Act-
( a ) in subsections (1) and ( 2) for the words " column ( 4) " there
shall be substituted the words " column (3) " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3)( c) for the words 66
a child or children of the
beneficiary's family, or of a child or children treated as such
for the purposes of section 41 " there shall be substituted
the words " a child or children in respect of whom the
beneficiary is entitled to child benefit ".
с .61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1799
17. In section 45( 2) of that Act for the words " column (4) " there
shall be substituted the words" column ( 3) " .
18. In section 46 ( 2 ) of that Act for the words " column ( 4) " and
" a child or children of the pensioner's family, or of a child or
children treated as such for the purposes of section 41 " there shall
be substituted respectively the words " column ( 3) " and " a child or
children in respect of whom the pensioner is entitled to child
benefit".
19. In section 47(1) of that Act for the words " column (4) " there
shall be substituted the words " column ( 3) " .
20. In section 56( 7 ) of that Act for the words " school-leaving age
"
there shall be substituted the words " the age of 16 " .
21. In section 64 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " has a family which includes
a child or children " there shall be substituted the words " is
entitled to child benefit in respect of a child or children." ;
( b ) subsections ( 3) and (4 ) shall be omitted.
22. In section 65 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for paragraph (a ) there shall be substituted-
" (a ) the beneficiary would be treated for the purposes
of the Child Benefit Act as having the child living with
him ; or " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2), in paragraph (a)(ii) for the words " living
together " there shall be substituted the words " residing
together " and for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted-
"
( b ) the contributions are over and above those
required for the purpose of satisfying subsection ( 1)(b)
of section 3 of the Child Benefit Act. " ;
( c ) subsection ( 3 ) shall be omitted.
23. In section 66(1)( d ) of that Act for the words " a child or
children of the beneficiary's family, or a child or children treated as
such for the purpose of section 64 above " there shall be substituted
the words " a child or children in respect of whom the beneficiary is
entitled to child benefit. "
24. In section 68(2)( a) of that Act the words " in respect of a child
of the deceased's family " shall be omitted.
25. In section 70 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words " had a family which included
a child or children, then, for any period during which a
person has a family which includes that child or one or
more of those children " there shall be substituted the
words " was entitled to child benefit in respect of a child
or children, then, for any period for which a person is
entitled to child benefit in respect of that child or one or
more of those children " ;
( b ) subsection ( 3) shall be omitted ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ) for " to (3) " there shall be substituted
" and (2) ".
SCH. 4
с .61
1800 Child Benefit Act 1975
SCH. 4 26. In section 73 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1)(a ) for the words " had a family which
included " there shall be substituted the words " was entitled
to child benefit in respect of " ;
(b) subsection ( 2) shall be omitted.
27. In section 80 of that Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) the words following paragraph (b) shall be
omitted ;
(b) in subsection ( 2) paragraph (c ) together with the word 66
or
immediately preceding it shall be omitted.
28. In section 85( 2) of that Act for the words " pension or allow-
ance there shall be substituted the words " pension, allowance or
benefit " and the words " excluding an allowance under the Family
Allowances Act, but " shall be omitted.
29. In section 86 of that Act the following shall be omitted-
66 "
( a ) in subsection (1) the words or a family allowance ", or
by virtue of section 11( 6 ) of the Family Allowances Act "
and " , or as the case may be, to a guardian's allowance
under section 38 of this Act " ;
66
( b ) in subsection ( 2 ) the words or a family allowance " ,
66 or
allowance " (in each place) and
66
or of the said section
11( 6 ) " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3) the words
such an allowance " and
66 "
or of a family allowance ", ог
"
or family allowance " ;
( d ) subsection (4)(b) ;
and in subsection ( 5 ) for the words " as being a child of the family
or " there shall be substituted the words as being a child in
respect of whom the payee is entitled to child benefit or as being "
66
66
and in subsection ( 6 ) the words or a family allowance " and or
family allowance " shall be omitted.
30. In section 93(1) of that Act paragraph ( c ) shall be omitted.
31. In section 95 of that Act in subsection (1) for paragraph (d )
there shall be substituted-
" (d ) a question which by virtue of regulations under Part II
of this Act falls to be determined by the Secretary of State
in his discretion".
32. Section 118 of that Act shall be omitted.
33. In section 119(4)(c) of that Act for the words from " a child of
the family " onwards there shall be substituted the words " a child, or
by way of an attendance allowance in respect of a person who is
under the age of sixteen, where the person entitled to the benefit or
allowance is one of two spouses who are residing together ; " .
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1801
34. In Part IV of Schedule 4 to that Act-
( a ) in the heading of column ( 2) the words " only, elder or
eldest" shall be omitted ;
( b ) column ( 3) shall be omitted ;
( c ) in the heading of column ( 4 ) for " ( 4) " there shall be
substituted " (3) " and in the words following the table
for the words " column ( 4) " (in both cases) there shall be
substituted " column (3) " ;
( d ) in column ( 2 ) of paragraph 8 there shall be inserted a figure
corresponding to that in the second column of paragraph 10
of Part I of that Schedule.
35. In Part V of Schedule 4 to that Act-
( a ) in paragraphs 9 and 10 the whole entry in the second column
shall be omitted except the figure in sub-paragraph (a) ;
(b ) in paragraph 15, in the first column , for the words " in
respect of children of deceased's family " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " in respect of children " and the whole
entry in the second column shall be omitted except the
figures in sub-paragraphs (a )(i) and (b)(i) .
36. In Schedule 15 to the Act in paragraph 15 for sub-paragraphs
( a ) and (b) there shall be substituted the words " having effect by
virtue of section 8 of the Child Benefit Act " .
37. In Schedule 16 to that Act in paragraph 6 for sub-paragraphs
(a ) and (b) there shall be substituted the words " having effect by
virtue of section 8 of the Child Benefit Act ".
38. In Schedule 20 to that Act, the definitions of " Child " , " child
of family " , " Family allowance ", " The Family Allowances Act "
and " School - leaving age " shall be omitted and the following
definitions shall be inserted at the appropriate points-
" Child '
A person under the age of
nineteen who would be treated as
a child for the purposes of the
Child Benefit Act or such other
person under that age as may be
prescribed."
" " The Child Benefit Act '
"" Entitled to child benefit '
The Child Benefit Act 1975."
A person who is residing with
his spouse shall be treated as
entitled to any child benefit to
which his spouse is entitled.
Regulations may, for the pur-
poses of any provision of this Act
under which the right to any
benefit or increase of benefit
depends on a person being or
having been entitled to child
benefit, make provision whereby
a person is to be treated as if
he were or had been so entitled
or as if he were not or had not
been so entitled. "
SCH. 4
c. 61
1802 Child Benefit Act 1975
SCH. 4
1975 с. 16.
"" School- leaving age '
"" The upper limit of compul-
sory school age '
Unless regulations otherwise
provide, a person shall be deemed
for the purposes of this Act to
have attained or not to have
attained school- leaving age if he
is over or, as the case may be,
under the upper limit of com-
pulsory school age ; and a person
who at any time attains the upper
limit of compulsory school age
shall not be treated as being
under that limit at any time there-
after, notwithstanding any subse-
quent change in that limit . "
In relation to England and
Wales, subject to section 9 of the
Education Act 1962, the age that
is for the time being that limit by
virtue of section 35 of the Educa-
tion Act 1944 together with any
Order in Council made under
that section and, in relation to
Scotland, the age at which under
the law for the time being in
force the parents of the person
in question cease to be under
obligation to cause him to receive
efficient education. "
The Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases ) Act 1975
39. In section 7( 3)( c ) of the Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Old
Cases ) Act 1975 for the words " has a family which includes " there
shall be substituted the words " is entitled to child benefit in
respect of".
c .61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1803
SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
PART I
ABOLITION OF FAMILY ALLOWANCES
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
10 &11 Eliz. 2. The Education Act 1962. In section 9( 5) the words
c. 12. " family allowances or " .
1965 с. 53 . The Family Allowances The whole Act.
Act 1965.
1967 с. 90. The Family Allowances
and National Insurance
Act 1967.
Section 2(1) and (2) .
Section 3(1) .
Section 4( 1)( a) and (2)(a) .
In Schedule 3, paragraphs 2
and 5(1).
1968 с. 49.
The Social Work (Scot- In Schedule 8, paragraph 74.
land) Act 1968.
1969 с. 44.
The National Insurance Section 8(2)(c).
Act 1969.
1969 с. 54. The Children and Young
Persons Act 1969.
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 54
and 78.
1970 с. 55. The Family Income
Supplements Act 1970. In section 3( 4 ) the words " and
increase the amounts ".
1973 с. 38. The Social Security Act
1973. In Schedule 27, paragraphs 48,
50 and 53.
1975 с. 11 . The Social Security Bene- Sections 9 and 10.
fits Act 1975. In section 14(2) the words " and
with the Family Allowances
Acts 1965 to 1969 as the
Family Allowances Acts 1965
to 1975 " .
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 5
and 6.
1975 с. 14. The Social Security Act Section 38( 4)(c)(iii).
1975. Section 42.
In section 43, in subsection (1)
the words " who is , or who
falls to be treated for the
purposes of the relevant pro-
vision as a child of that
person's family " and sub-
sections ( 3) and ( 4 ).
Section 64(3) and (4 ).
Section 65(3) .
In section 68( 2)(a ) the words
" in respect of a child of the
deceased's family " .
Section 70( 3) .
Section 73(2) .
Section 21 (2).
c. 61
1804 Child Benefit Act 1975
SCH. 5
Chapter
1975 с. 14.
cont .
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Social Security Act In section 80, in subsection (1)
1975 -cont. the words following para-
graph ( b) and in subsection
( 2) , paragraph (c ) together
with the word " or " immedi-
ately preceding it .
In section 85( 2) the words
66
excluding an allowance
under the Family Allowances
Act, but " .
In section 86, in subsection (1)
the words " or a family allow-
"
ance ", or by virtue of
section 11 ( 6) of the Family
Allowances Act " and ", or
as the case may be, to a
guardian's allowance under
section 38 of this Act ", in
subsection ( 2 ) the words "
or
"
a family allowance ", of
allowance " ( in each place)
and “
or of the said section
"
11( 6 ) in subsection ( 3) the
words " or of a family allow-
ance" 66
or such an allow-
ance ' , and " or family allow-
ance subsection (4)(b), in
subsection (6 ) the words " or
a family allowance " and
“ or family allowance " .
Section 93( 1 ) (c).
Section 118 .
In Schedule 4, in Part IV, in the
heading of column ( 2) the
words " only, elder or eldest "
and column (3), and in Part
V , in paragraphs 9 and 10 the
whole of the entry in the
second column except the
figure in sub- paragraph (a) ,
and in paragraph 15(a) and (b)
the whole of the entry in the
second column except the
figure in sub-paragraph (i ) .
In Schedule 9, in paragraph 1 (a)
the words from " nor shall "
onwards , paragraph 1 (b) and
in paragraph 1( c) the words
from " and any allowance "
onwards.
In Schedule 20 the definitions
of " Child " , " child of
family " , " Family allow-
ance" " The Family Allow-
,ances Act " and " School-
leaving age".
Chapter
1975 с. 18.
1975 с. 60.
1975 с. 61 .
Chapter
1966 с. 20.
1970 с. 55.
1972 с. 46.
1972 с. 47.
c. 61
Child Benefit Act 1975 1805
SCH. 5
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Social Security ( Con- In Schedule 2, paragraphs 13
sequential
Provisions) to 18.
Act 1975.
The Social Security Pen- In Schedule 4, paragraphs 6 and
sions Act 1975 . 48.
In Schedule 5, in the entry
relating to the Social Security
Act 1975, the entry relating to
section 42(4)(a).
The Child Benefit Act Sections 16, 18 and 21(5) .
1975.
PART II
ABOLITION OF WAGE- STOP
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Supplementary Bene- In Schedule 2, paragraph 5.
fit Act 1966.
The Family Income Section 13( 2 ) .
Supplements Act 1970.
The Housing ( Financial In Schedule 2 , paragraph 20.
Provisions) (Scotland ) In Schedule 3, paragraph 18(3 ).
Act 1972.
The Housing Finance Act In Schedule 3, paragraph 20.
1972. In Schedule 4, paragraph 17(3)
c. 62 1807
OH
DIEUET

DROID
Northern Ireland
( Emergency Provisions)
(Amendment) Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 62
An Act to amend the Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) Act 1973 ; to make further provision with
respect to criminal proceedings, the maintenance of
order and the detection of crime in Northern Ireland;
to provide for the detention of terrorists there ; and for
connected purposes . [7th August 1975]
1
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Trial of certain offences, etc.
1. (1) Section 1 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Admissibility
Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 (admissibility of written ofwritten
statements
statements in criminal proceedings other than preliminary made outside
investigations and preliminary enquiries), section 3 of the Northern
Criminal Procedure (Committal for Trial) Act (Northern Ireland) Ireland.
1968 ( admissibility of written statements in preliminary 1968 c. 28
enquiries) and sections 1A and 1B of the Perjury Act ( Northern ( N.I.) .
Ireland) 1946 (penalties for the making of false statements which 1968 с. 32
(Ν.Ι.) .
are tendered in evidence under either the said section 1 or 3) 1946 с. 13
shall apply to written statements made in Great Britain as well ( N.I.).
as to written statements made in Northern Ireland.
( 2) The said section 3 shall apply also to written statements
made outside the United Kingdom and (after the commencement
of section 9 of the Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975) the Republic 1975 с. 59.
of Ireland, but, in relation to such statements, that section shall
have effect with the omission of subsection (2) (c) .
c .62
1808 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
Preliminary
2.- ( 1 ) Where in any proceedings before a magistrates' court
enquiry into scheduled
for a scheduled offence (not being an extra-territorial offence as
defined in section 1(3) of the Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975) the
offences.
prosecutor requests the court to conduct a preliminary enquiry
1975 с. 59.
into the offence under the Criminal Procedure ( Committal for
1968 с. 32
Trial) Act (Northern Ireland) 1968, the court shall, notwithstand-
( Ν.Ι.).
ing anything in section 1 of that Act of 1968 , conduct a pre-
liminary enquiry into the offence unless the court are of opinion
that in the interests of justice a preliminary investigation should
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι. ).
be conducted into the offence under Part VI of the Magistrates '
Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964.
(2) Where in any proceedings a person charged with a
scheduled offence is also charged with another offence which is
not a scheduled offence, that other offence shall be treated as a
scheduled offence for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above.
Trial of
3. ( 1) For subsection ( 3) of section 2 of the Northern Ireland
scheduled and (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 (in this Act referred to as " the
non-scheduled principal Act ") there shall be substituted the following
offences
together.
subsection : -
1973 с. 53.
66 (3) Where separate counts of an indictment allege a
scheduled offence and an offence which is not a scheduled
offence, the trial on indictment shall, without prejudice to
section 5 of the Indictments Act (Northern Ireland) 1945
( orders for amendment of indictment, separate trial and
postponement of trial), be conducted as if all the offences
alleged in the indictment were scheduled offences . "
(2) In sections 4(2) and 6( 1) of the principal Act after the
words " scheduled offence " there shall be inserted the words
66 or two or more offences which are or include scheduled
offences ."
Removal of
certain
limitations on
power to
grant bail .
4.- ( 1) For subsection ( 1) of section 3 of the principal Act
( persons charged with scheduled offences not to be admitted to
bail except by a judge of the High Court and persons convicted
of such offences not to be admitted to bail pending an appeal)
there shall be substituted the following subsection : -
" ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person to
whom this section applies and who is charged with a
scheduled offence shall not be admitted to bail except-
( a ) by a judge of the Supreme Court ; or
(b) by the judge of the court of trial, on adjourning the
trial of a person so charged . "
c . 62
Northern Ireland (Emergency 1809
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
( 2 ) At the end of the said section 3 there shall be added the
following subsection : -
" ( 6) This section does not apply to a person charged
with a scheduled offence which is being tried summarily or
which the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern
Ireland certifies is in his opinion suitable to be tried
summarily. "
5.-( 1 ) Where it appears to a judge of the Supreme Court- Legal aid to
(a ) that a person charged with a scheduled offence intends applicants
forbail.
to apply to be admitted to bail ; and
( b) that it is desirable in the interests of justice that that
person should have legal aid but that he has not
sufficient means to enable him to obtain that aid,
the judge may assign to him a solicitor and counsel, or counsel
only, in the application for bail.
( 2) If on a question of granting a person free legal aid under
this section there is a doubt whether his means are sufficient to
enable him to obtain legal aid or whether it is desirable in the
interests of justice that he should have free legal aid, the doubt
shall be resolved in favour of granting him free legal aid.
(3) Sections 24, 27 and 32 of the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1965 c. 8
( Northern Ireland) 1965 (statements, payments, rules and stamp ( N.I.) .
duty) shall apply in relation to legal aid under this section
as they apply in relation to legal aid under Part II of that Act
as if any legal aid under this section were given in pursuance of
a defence certificate under section 21 of that Act.
6.-(1) Subject to subsection (3) below, in section 4 of the Court of trial
principal Act (Belfast City Commission and Belfast Recorder's for scheduled
Court to be the only courts of trial on indictment of scheduled offences.
offences) references to the Belfast Recorder's Court shall cease to
have effect.
( 2) Accordingly-
(a) in section 30(5) of the principal Act for the words from
" shall " onwards there shall be substituted the words
66 shall , if he was committed to a county court or to
a court of assize other than the Belfast City Com-
mission, be treated as having been committed to that
Commission " ;
(b) in paragraph 2(3) of Schedule 2 to the Criminal Juris- 1975 c. 59.
diction Act 1975 for the words from " on that date "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " on that
date any committal for trial of the offence by a county
court or by a court of assize other than the Belfast City
Commission shall be treated as a committal to that
Commission ".
c .62
1810 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions ) (Amendment) Act 1975
( 3) This section shall not apply to a trial on indictment where
the accused was committed to the Belfast Recorder's Court
before the commencement of this Act.
Repeal of s. 5
of principal
Act.
7. Section 5 of the principal Act (admissibility in certain
circumstances in criminal proceedings for scheduled offences of
written statements made and signed in the presence of a con-
stable) shall cease to have effect and section 30( 6 ) of that Act
shall apply accordingly.
Exclusion
8. Section 6 of the principal Act (admissibility in criminal
of summary
proceedings for scheduled offences of statements made by the
proceedings from ss. 6and
accused ) and section 7 of that Act ( onus of proof in criminal
7of principal
proceedings for scheduled offences where the accused is charged
Act.
with possession of a proscribed article) shall not apply to
summary trials .
Detention of
terrorists, etc.
Powers of detention, search, seizure, etc.
9.-(1) Part I of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with
respect to the detention of terrorists and persons suspected of
being terrorists .
( 2) The transitional provisions set out in Part II of Schedule 1
to this Act shall have effect.
(3) Schedule 1 to the principal Act (detention of terrorists)
shall cease to have effect.
Power to stop
and question. 10. At the end of section 16(1) of the principal Act (power
to stop and question any person for the purpose of ascertaining
certain matters) there shall be added the words " or of
ascertaining any one or more of those matters " .
Power to
search for
radio
transmitters.
11.-( 1) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
constable may enter any premises or other place other than a
dwelling-house for the purpose of ascertaining whether any
apparatus for wireless telegraphy designed or adapted for
emission, as opposed to reception (in this section referred to as a
" transmitter ") is at that place and may search the place for
any transmitter with a view to exercising the powers conferred
by subsection ( 4) below.
( 2) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty authorised
by a commissioned officer of those forces or any constable
authorised by an officer of the Royal Ulster Constabulary not
below the rank of chief inspector may enter any dwelling-house
in which it is suspected that there is a transmitter and may search
it for any transmitter with a view to exercising the said powers.
с . 62
Northern Ireland ( Emergency 1811
Provisions ) (Amendment) Act 1975
( 3) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
constable may-
( a) stop any person in any public place and, with a view to
exercising the said powers, search him for the purpose
of ascertaining whether he has any transmitter with
him; and
( b) with a view to exercising the said powers, search any
person not in a public place whom he suspects of
having a transmitter with him.
( 4) A member of Her Majesty's forces or a constable authorised
to search any premises or other place or any person may seize
any transmitter found in the course of the search unless it
appears to the person so authorised that the transmitter has been,
is being and is likely to be used only lawfully and may retain it.
(5) Sections 18 and 25 of the principal Act (supplementary
provisions as to powers of entry and search conferred by Part II
and compensation) shall apply for the purposes of this section as
they apply for the purposes of Part II of that Act, and that Act,
respectively.
(6) In this section " transmitter " includes part of a transmitter
and " wireless telegraphy " has the same meaning as in section
19 ( 1 ) of the Wireless Telegraphy Act 1949.
1949 с. 54.
Offences against public security and public order
12. In section 19(1) of the principal Act ( belonging to or Invitations to
soliciting or inviting financial support for a proscribed organisa- join, or carry
tion) after paragraph ( b) there shall be inserted the following out directions
paragraph : -
given by, proscribed
66
( c) solicits or invites any person to become a member of a organisation.
proscribed organisation or to carry out on behalf of a
proscribed organisation orders or directions given, or
requests made, by a member of that organisation, " .
13. For section 20( 1) of the principal Act (unlawful collection, Extension of
classes of
etc. of information) there shall be substituted the following information in
subsection : -
s. 20 of
66
(1) No person shall, without lawful authority or reason- principal Act.
able excuse (the proof of which lies on him)-
(a) collect, record, publish, communicate or attempt
to elicit any information with respect to any
person to whom this paragraph applies which
is of such a nature as is likely to be useful to
terrorists ;
c . 62
1812 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) ( Amendment) Act 1975
( b) collect or record any information which is of such
a nature as is likely to be useful to terrorists in
planning or carrying out any act of violence ; or
( c ) have in his possession any record of or document
containing any such information as is mentioned
in paragraph (a) or (b) above ;
and if any person contravenes this section, he shall be
liable-
( i) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding six months or to a fine not
exceeding £400, or both ;
(ii) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding five years or a fine, or both.
( 1A ) Subsection ( 1 ) (a) above applies to any of the follow-
ing persons, that is to say-
( a) any constable or member of Her Majesty's forces ;
( b) any person holding judicial office ;
( c) any officer of any court ; and
( d ) any person employed for the whole of his time in
the prison service in Northern Ireland . "
Riotous and
disorderly
behaviour.
1968 с. 28
( Ν.Ι. ) .
14. Section 22 of the principal Act (amendment of provisions
relating to punishment for riotous, disorderly and indecent
behaviour, etc.) shall cease to have effect ; and accordingly,
section 9( 1 ) of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act (Northern Ireland) 1968 shall have effect as originally
enacted.
Training in
making or use
of firearms,
explosives or
explosive
substances.
15.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, any person who
instructs or trains another or receives instruction or training in
the making or use of firearms , explosives or explosive substances
shall be liable-
( a) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding
£ 400, or both ;
( b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or both.
(2) In any prosecution for an offence under this section it
shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that the
instruction or training was given or received with lawful authority
or for industrial, agricultural or sporting purposes only or other-
wise with good reason.
c . 62
Northern Ireland ( Emergency 1813
Provisions ) ( Amendment) Act 1975
( 3) The court by or before whom a person is convicted of
an offence under this section may order the forfeiture of any
thing which appears to the court to have been in his possession
for purposes connected with the offence .
( 4) Without prejudice to section 33 of the Interpretation 1889 c. 63.
Act 1889 (offences under two or more laws) , nothing in this
section shall derogate from the operation of the Unlawful 1819 с. 1 .
Drilling Act 1819.
16. Any person who, without lawful authority or reasonable Wearing of
excuse (the proof of which lies on him), wears in a public place hoods, etc. in
or in the curtilage of a dwelling-house (other than one in which public places.
he is residing ) any hood, mask or other article whatsoever made ,
adapted or used for concealing the identity or features shall be
liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £400, or both.
Miscellaneous and general
17.-( 1 ) A prosecution shall not be instituted in respect of Prosecutions.
any offence under this Act except by or with the consent of
the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland.
(2) Article 7 of the Prosecution of Offences ( Northern S.I. 1972/538
Ireland) Order 1972 shall apply in relation to any offence under ( N.I. 1.).
this Act as if subsection (1) above were a consent provision
within the meaning of that Article.
18. Part I of Schedule 4 to the principal Act (scheduled Amendments
offences for the purposes of the Act) shall have effect subject to list of
to the amendments in Schedule 2 to this Act. scheduled
offences.
19. There shall be paid out of money provided by Expenses.
Parliament-
( a) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State for the
purposes of this Act ;
(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable under any other Act out of money
so provided .
20.-( 1) In this Act " the principal Act " has the meaning Interpretation,
assigned by section 3 above and any expression used in this Act etc.
and in the principal Act shall have the same meaning in this
Act as in that Act.
( 2) Any reference in this Act, except so far as the context
otherwise requires, to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, applied or extended
by or under any other enactment, including this Act.
c. 62
1814 Northern Ireland ( Emergency
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
1889 с. 63 .
( 3) It is hereby declared that, in applying section 38(1) of the
Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeal and re-enactment) for
the construction of references in this Act to other Acts, account
is to be taken of repeal and re - enactment by a Measure of the
Northern Ireland Assembly or an Order in Council.
Commence-
21.-( 1 ) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of
ment, duration , the period of two weeks beginning with the day on which it is
expiry and
revival of
passed .
certain
provisions.
( 2) Sections 2, 5 , 9, 11 , 15 and 16 above and Schedule 1 to this
Act shall expire with 24th January 1976 unless continued in force
by an order under this section .
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order contained in a
statutory instrument provide-
( a) that all or any of the said provisions which are for the
time being in force (including any in force by virtue
of an order under this section) shall continue in force
for a period not exceeding six months from the coming
into operation of the order ;
( b) that all or any of the said provisions which are for the
time being in force shall cease to be in force ; or
( c) that all or any of the said provisions which are not for
the time being in force shall come into force again
and remain in force for a period not exceeding six
months from the coming into operation of the order.
( 4) No order shall be made under this section unless-
(a) a draft of the order has been approved by resolution
of each House of Parliament ; or
(b) it is declared in the order that it appears to the Secretary
of State that by reason of urgency it is necessary to
make the order without a draft having been so
approved.
(5) Orders under this section (except an order of which a
draft has been so approved) shall be laid before Parliament
after being made and, if at the end of the period of 40 days
1946 с. 36.
( computed in accordance with section 7(1) of the Statutory
Instruments Act 1946) after the day on which the Secretary
of State made an order a resolution has not been passed by each
House approving the order in question, the order shall then
cease to have effect ( but without prejudice to anything
previously done or to the making of a new order) .
(6) On the expiry or cesser of any provision of this Act,
section 38(2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals)
shall apply as if the provision had been repealed by another Act.
c . 62
Northern Ireland ( Emergency 1815
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
22.-( 1 ) Any reference in section 11 of the principal Act Consequential
( constable's general power of arrest and seizure) to an offence amendments.
under that Act shall be construed as including a reference to
an offence under this Act.
( 2) In section 29 of the principal Act, in subsection ( 1) for
the words " Schedules 1 and 3 " substitute " Schedule 3 " and in
subsections (3) and (4) for the words " either of the said
Schedules " substitute " the said Schedule 3 " .
(3) In section 30(3)(a ) and (c) of the principal Act and section
3 (2) (a) and (c) of the Northern Ireland ( Young Persons) Act 1974 с. 33.
1974 ( extension and revival of certain provisions for period not
exceeding one year) for the words 66
one year " substitute " six
months ".
23.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Short title ,
( Emergency Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975.
repeals and
extent.(2) The enactments set out in Schedule 3 to this Act (which
include enactments which were obsolete or unnecessary before
the passing of this Act ) are hereby repealed to the extent
specified in column 3 of that Schedule.
(3) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland only.
c. 62
1816 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
SCHEDULES
Section 9.
SCHEDULE 1
PART I
DETENTION OF TERRORISTS
Advisers
1. The Secretary of State shall for the purposes of this Act appoint
such number of Advisers as he may determine to advise him on
matters concerning the detention and release of terrorists.
2. An Adviser shall be a person who holds or has held judicial
office in any part of the United Kingdom or is a barrister, advocate
or solicitor, in each case of not less than ten years' standing in any
part of the United Kingdom .
3.- (1 ) An Adviser shall hold and vacate his office in accordance
with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold office,
be eligible for reappointment.
( 2) An Adviser may at any time by notice in writing to the Secre-
tary of State resign his office.
( 3) The Secretary of State may pay to the Advisers such remunera-
tion and allowances as he may determine.
Interim Custody Orders
4.- ( 1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that there are
grounds for suspecting that a person has been concerned in the
commission or attempted commission of any act of terrorism or in
directing, organising or training persons for the purpose of terrorism,
the Secretary of State may make an interim custody order for the
temporary detention of that person.
( 2) An interim custody order shall be signed by the Secretary of
State or a Minister of State or Under Secretary of State.
5.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, at any time before the expira-
tion of the period of fourteen days following the date of an interim
custody order, refer the case to an Adviser and, unless the case is
so referred, the order shall cease to have effect at the expiration of
that period.
(2 ) A reference to an Adviser under this paragraph shall be by
notice in writing signed on behalf of the Secretary of State and a
copy of the notice shall be sent to the person detained.
Reference to an Adviser
6.- (1) As soon as possible after a case is referred to an Adviser
under paragraph 5 above, the person detained shall be served with
a statement in writing as to the nature of the terrorist activities of
which he is suspected.
c. 62
Northern Ireland (Emergency 1817
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
( 2) A person detained may, within seven days following the date
on which he receives any such statement as is mentioned in sub-
paragraph (1 ) above, send to the Secretary of State-
( a ) written representations concerning his case ; and
(b) a written request that he be seen personally by an Adviser ;
and the Secretary of State shall send a copy of any such representa-
tions or request to the Adviser concerned.
( 3) The Secretary of State may pay any reasonable costs or
expenses incurred by a person detained in obtaining legal advice or
legal assistance in connection with the preparation of any representa-
tions he may make concerning his case.
SCH. 1
7.- ( 1 ) Where the case of a person detained under an interim
custody order is referred to an Adviser, he shall consider it and
report to the Secretary of State whether or not in his opinion-
(a ) the person detained has been concerned in terrorist activities ;
and
(b) the detention of that person is necessary for the protection
ofthe public.
( 2 ) In considering any case referred to him an Adviser shall
have regard to any information ( whether oral or in writing) which
is made available to, or obtained by, him and to any representations
( whether oral or in writing) made by the person detained.
( 3) No person shall be present during the consideration by an
Adviser of the case of any person referred to him, except-
( a ) any person who for the time being is being seen by the
Adviser ;
(b) any assistant to the Adviser ; and
( c ) any person who is present in the interests of security.
( 4) The Secretary of State may, at the request of an Adviser,
pay any reasonable expenses incurred by any person in connection
with a reference to the Adviser.
Detention Orders
8.- ( 1) After receiving a report made by an Adviser under para-
graph 7(1 ) above, the Secretary of State shall consider the case of
the person to whom it relates and, if he is satisfied-
( a ) that that person has been concerned in the commission or
attempted commission of any act of terrorism, or in direct-
ing, organising or training persons for the purpose of
terrorism ; and
( b ) that the detention of that person is necessary for the
protection of the public,
the Secretary of State may make a detention order for the detention
of that person.
( 2 ) If, on considering any case under sub-paragraph (1 ) above,
the Secretary of State is not satisfied as mentioned in that sub-
paragraph, he shall direct the release of the person concerned.
2D
c .62
1818 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) ( Amendment ) Act 1975
SCH. 1
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 4) and ( 5 ) below, where-
( a ) a person is detained under an interim custody order ; and
(b) a detention order is not made in respect of that person
within the period of seven weeks following the date of the
interim custody order,
the interim custody order shall cease to have effect .
( 4) The Secretary of State may, where a person is required to be
detained under an interim custody order, give a direction in writing
extending the period of seven weeks mentioned in sub-paragraph (3)
above (or that period as extended under this sub-paragraph) for
a further period of one week if it is stated in the direction that the
report of the Adviser in relation to that person's case has not been
received before the sixth day immediately preceding the day on
which the interim custody order would, but for the direction, cease
to have effect .
( 5 ) Not more than three directions under sub-paragraph (4) above
shall be given in respect of any one interim custody order.
( 6) A detention order shall be signed by the Secretary of State,
and a direction under sub-paragraph (4) above shall be signed by
the Secretary of State or a Minister of State or Under Secretary
ofState.
Supplemental
9.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may at any time refer the case of
a person detained under a detention order to an Adviser and, if so
requested in writing in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below
by a person so detained, shall do so within fourteen days beginning
with the receipt of the request.
( 2) A person detained under a detention order shall not be entitled
to make a request for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1 ) above-
( a ) before the expiration of the period of one year beginning
with the date of the detention order, or
(b) within a period of six months from the date of the last
notification under sub- paragraph ( 5) below.
( 3) On any reference under this paragraph, an Adviser shall
consider the case and report to the Secretary of State whether or
not the person's continued detention is necessary for the protection
of the public.
( 4 ) Paragraphs 6( 3) and 7( 2) to (4) above shall apply for the
purposes of a reference under this paragraph as they apply for the
purposes of a reference under paragraph 5 above.
(5) Where a case is referred to an Adviser in consequence of a
request made in accordance with this paragraph, the Secretary of
State shall, after receiving the report of the Adviser, reconsider the
case of the person to whom it relates and, if he decides not to release
that person, shall notify him of his decision .
( 6 ) A notification under sub -paragraph ( 5) above shall be by notice
in writing and signed by the Secretary of State.
c.62
Northern Ireland (Emergency 1819
Provisions ) (Amendment) Act 1975
10.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, as respects a person detained
under an interim custody order-
( a ) direct his discharge unconditionally ; or
( b ) direct his release (whether or not subject to conditions)
for a specified period.
(2) The Secretary of State may, as respects a person detained
under a detention order, -
( a ) direct his discharge unconditionally ; or
(b ) direct his release subject to conditions or for a specified
period, or both.
( 3) The Secretary of State may recall to detention a person released
under sub- paragraph ( 1 )(b) or (2) (b) above and a person so recalled
may be detained under the original interim custody or detention
order, as the case may be.
( 4 ) Where a person is released under sub -paragraph ( 1)(b) above,
any period during which he is not in detention shall be left out
of account for the purposes of paragraphs 5(1), 6( 2) and 8(3)
above.
11 .-( 1 ) A person required to be detained under an interim
custody order or a detention order may be detained in a prison
or in some other place approved for the purposes of this paragraph
by the Secretary of State.
( 2) Aperson for the time being having custody of a person required
to be detained as aforesaid shall have all the powers, authorities,
protection and privileges of a constable.
( 3) Subject to any directions of the Secretary of State, a person
required to be detained as aforesaid shall be treated as nearly as
may be as if he were a prisoner detained in a prison on remand and
any power ver of temporary removal for judicial, medical or other
purposes shall apply accordingly.
( 4 ) A person required to be detained as aforesaid who is unlaw-
fully at large may be arrested without warrant by any constable or
any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty.
12. Where a person required to be detained under an interim
custody order is unlawfully at large, the interim custody order shall
not cease to have effect under paragraph 5 or 8 above while he
remains at large ; and, upon his being taken again into custody,
those paragraphs shall have effect as if the date of the interim
custody order were that of his being taken again into custody.
13. Any person who-
( a ) being detained under an interim custody order or detention
order, escapes ;
(b ) rescues any person detained as aforesaid, or assists a person
so detained in escaping or attempting to escape ;
(c ) fails to return to detention at the expiration of a period
for which he was released under paragraph 10(1)(b) or
( 2 )(b) above ; or
SCH. 1
2D2
c . 62
1820 Northern Ireland (Emergency
Provisions) (Amendment) Act 1975
SCH. 1
( d ) knowingly harbours any person required to be detained
under an interim custody order or detention order, or
gives him any assistance with intent to prevent, hinder or
interfere with his being taken into custody,
shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or to both .
14.- (1 ) Any document purporting to be an order, notice or
direction made or given by the Secretary of State for the purposes of
this Part of this Schedule or Schedule 1 to the principal Act and
to be signed in accordance with the said Part or the said Schedule 1
shall be received in evidence and shall, until the contrary is proved,
be deemed to be duly made or given and signed.
( 2 ) Prima facie evidence of any such order, notice or direction
may, in any legal proceedings, be given by the production of a
document bearing a certificate purporting to be signed by or on
behalf of the Secretary of State and stating that the document is a
true copy of the order, notice or direction ; and the certificate shall
be received in evidence, and shall, until the contrary is proved, be
deemed to be duly made and signed.
15. The Secretary of State may make such payments to persons
released or about to be released from detention under this Part of
this Schedule as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.
PART II
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
16.- (1) Any interim custody order or detention order made under
Schedule 1 to the principal Act which is in force immediately before
the commencement of this Act shall have effect as if it had been
made under paragraph 4 or paragraph 8 above, as the case may be,
and, in the case of an interim custody order, as if it had been
so made immediately upon the commencement of this Act.
( 2) Any statement served under paragraph 13 of Schedule 1 to
the principal Act shall have effect as if it had been served under
paragraph 6 above immediately upon the commencement of this
Act .
( 3) Any proceedings under Part III of Schedule 1 to the principal
Act which have begun but are not completed before the commence-
ment of this Act shall be continued as if this Act had not been
passed .
( 4 ) In so far as any other thing made or done under Schedule 1
to the principal Act could have been made or done under any
provision of Part I of this Schedule, it shall have effect as if it had
been made or done under that provision.
c .62
Northern Ireland ( Emergency 1821
Provisions) (Amendment ) Act 1975
SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENTS OF PART I OF SCHEDULE 4 TO THE PRINCIPAL ACT
1. Part I of Schedule 4 to the principal Act shall be amended as
set out below.
Section 18.
2. After paragraph 4B ( inserted by paragraph 1( 2 ) of Schedule 2
to the Criminal Jurisdiction Act 1975 ) insert-
" 4C. Assault occasioning actual bodily harm, subject to note 1
below."
3. In paragraph 5 ( malicious damage) after sub-paragraph (0)
( inserted by the said Schedule 2) insert-
" ( p) section 51 (injuries not provided for earlier in the Act)
subject to note 1A below. "
4. In paragraph 6 ( offences against the person ) before sub-para-
graph ( a) insert-
66 ( aa ) section 4 ( conspiracy, etc. to murder ) subject to note 2
below; "
and omit sub-paragraph ( f ).
5. After paragraph 7 insert-
" Prison Act (Northern Ireland ) 1953
7A. Offences under the following provisions of the Prison
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1953, subject to note 2 below, -
( a ) section 25 ( being unlawfully at large while under
sentence ) ;
( b ) section 26 ( escaping from lawful custody and failing to
surrender to bail) ;
( c ) section 27 ( attempting to break prison ) ;
(d ) section 28 ( breaking prison by force or violence ) ;
( e ) section 29 (rescuing or assisting or permitting to escape
from lawful custody persons under sentence of death
or life imprisonment) ;
( f ) section 30 (rescuing or assisting or permitting to escape
from lawful custody persons other than persons under
sentence of death or life imprisonment) ;
( g ) section 32 ( causing discharge of prisoner under pretended
authority ) ;
( h ) section 33 ( assisting prisoners to escape by conveying
things into prisons). "
1975 с. 59.
6. In paragraph 9 ( firearms)
in sub-paragraph (a) for " 1 " substitute “ 1 ( 1) ” ;
in sub-paragraph ( b) for " 2 " substitute " 2( 1 ) , (2), (3) or (4) "
in sub-paragraph (d ) for " 4" substitute " 4(1 ) ” ;
at the end of sub-paragraph ( h) insert " , subject to note 3
below".
2D3
c.62
1822 Northern Ireland ( Emergency
Provisions ) ( Amendment ) Act 1975
SCH. 2
7. After paragraph 12 insert-
" Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) ( Amendment) Act 1975
13. Offences under the following provisions of the Northern
Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) ( Amendment ) Act 1975–
( a ) section 15 ( training in firearms, explosives, etc.),
(b ) paragraph 13 of Schedule 1 ( escape or rescue from
detention, etc.). "
8. In Note 1, for the words " Neither murder nor manslaughter
shall " substitute " Murder, manslaughter or an assault occasioning
actual bodily harm shall not " .
9. After Note 1 insert-
" 1A . An offence under section 51 of the Malicious Damage
Act 1861 shall be a scheduled offence only where it is charged
that the damaged property was a motor vehicle as defined in
the Road Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland) 1970 or property in
the occupation or possession of the Commissioners of Customs
and Excise. "
10. In Note 2-
(a ) for " 18, 20 or 47 " substitute " 4, 18 or 20 " ;
66
(b) after " 1861 " insert or section 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 32
or 33 of the Prison Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1953 ".
11. For Note 3 substitute-
" 3. An offence under section 17 of the Firearms Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1969 shall be a scheduled offence only where it is
charged that the offence relates to a weapon other than an air
weapon. "
12. In Note 4, for the words from " offensive weapon " onwards
substitute " weapon of offence was used to commit the offence ;
and expressions defined in section 10 of the Theft Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1969 have the same meaning when used in this note ".
c. 62
Northern Ireland (Emergency 1823
Provisions) ( Amendment) Act 1975
SCHEDULE 3
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Section 23(2).
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
50 & 51 Vict. The Criminal Law and The whole Act.
с. 20. Procedure (Ireland) Act
1887.
52 & 53 Vict. The Public Bodies Corrupt
c. 69. Practices Act 1889.
1 & 2 Geo. 5.
The Official Secrets Act
с. 28.
1911.
25 &26 Geo. 5.
The Summary Jurisdiction
c. 13 (N.I.) .
and Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland) 1935.
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.).
The Magistrates' Courts
Act (Northern Ireland )
1964.
1973 с. 53.
The Northern Ireland
( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1973 .
Section 9.
Section 10(4) .
Section 55.
Section 2(2) .
Section 59(2)(b) and the word
"and " immediately preceding
it .
In section 3( 4 ) the words " of
the High Court " .
In section 4, in subsection (1),
“
the words or the Belfast
Recorder's Court ", in sub-
section (2), the words " or to
the Belfast Recorder's Court "
and in subsection (3), the
words " except the power to
admit to bail ".
Section 5.
Section 10(5 ) .
Section 22.
In section 28(1 ) , the definitions
of " imitation firearm " and
" offensive weapon " .
In section 30(6 ), the words "the
Belfast Recorder's Court ".
Schedule 1.
In Schedule 4, paragraphs 6( f)
and 8.
2 D4
c. 63 1825

ETMON


Inheritance (Provision for
Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 63
An Act to make fresh provision for empowering the
court to make orders for the making out of the estate
of a deceased person of provision for the spouse,
former spouse, child, child of the family or dependant
of that person; and for matters connected therewith.
[ 12th November 1975]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1 ) Where after the commencement of this Act a person Application
dies domiciled in England and Wales and is survived by any for financial
of the following persons : -
provision from deceased's
( a ) the wife or husband of the deceased ;
estate .(b) a former wife or former husband of the deceased who
has not remarried ;
(c ) a child of the deceased ;
( d ) any person (not being a child of the deceased) who, in
the case of any marriage to which the deceased was at
any time a party, was treated by the deceased as a
child of the family in relation to that marriage ;
1826 c. 63 Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
( e) any person ( not being a person included in the foregoing
paragraphs of this subsection ) who immediately before
the death of the deceased was being maintained, either
wholly or partly, by the deceased ;
that person may apply to the court for an order under section 2
of this Act on the ground that the disposition of the deceased's
estate effected by his will or the law relating to intestacy, or
the combination of his will and that law, is not such as to make
reasonable financial provision for the applicant.
( 2 ) In this Act " reasonable financial provision " -
( a ) in the case of an application made by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) (a) above by the husband or wife of the
deceased (except where the marriage with the deceased
was the subject of a decree of judicial separation and
at the date of death the decree was in force and the
separation was continuing), means such financial pro-
vision as it would be reasonable in all the circumstances
of the case for a husband or wife to receive, whether
or not that provision is required for his or her
maintenance ;
( b) in the case of any other application made by virtue of
subsection (1 ) above, means such financial provision
as it would be reasonable in all the circumstances of
the case for the applicant to receive for his
maintenance.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 )(e) above, a person
shall be treated as being maintained by the deceased, either
wholly or partly, as the case may be, if the deceased, otherwise
than for full valuable consideration, was making a substantial
contribution in money or money's worth towards the reasonable
needs of that person.
Powers of
2.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where an applica-
court to make tion is made for an order under this section, the court may,
orders. if it is satisfied that the disposition of the deceased's estate
effected by his will or the law relating to intestacy, or the
combination of his will and that law, is not such as to make
reasonable financial provision for the applicant, make any one
or more of the following orders : -
( a) an order for the making to the applicant out of the
net estate of the deceased of such periodical payments
and for such term as may be specified in the order ;
( b) an order for the payment to the applicant out of that
estate of a lump sum of such amount as may be so
specified :
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) c .63 1827
Act 1975
( c ) an order for the transfer to the applicant of such pro-
perty comprised in that estate as may be so specified ;
( d ) an order for the settlement for the benefit of the
applicant of such property comprised in that estate as
may be so specified ;
( e) an order for the acquisition out of property comprised
in that estate of such property as may be so specified
and for the transfer of the property so acquired to the
applicant or for the settlement thereof for his benefit ;
( f ) an order varying any ante -nuptial or post -nuptial settle-
ment (including such a settlement made by will) made
on the parties to a marriage to which the deceased was
one of the parties, the variation being for the benefit
of the surviving party to that marriage, or any child
of that marriage, or any person who was treated by
the deceased as a child of the family in relation to
that marriage.
( 2 ) An order under subsection ( 1 )( a) above providing for the
making out of the net estate of the deceased of periodical pay-
ments may provide for-
( a) payments of such amount as may be specified in the
order ,
( b) payments equal to the whole of the income of the net
estate or of such portion thereof as may be so
specified,
( c) payments equal to the whole of the income of such
part of the net estate as the court may direct to be
set aside or appropriated for the making out of the
income thereof of payments under this section,
or may provide for the amount of the payments or any of them
to be determined in any other way the court thinks fit.
(3) Where an order under subsection ( 1) (a) above provides for
the making of payments of an amount specified in the order, the
order may direct that such part of the net estate as may be
so specified shall be set aside or appropriated for the making out
of the income thereof of those payments ; but no larger part
of the net estate shall be so set aside or appropriated than is
sufficient, at the date of the order, to produce by the income
thereof the amount required for the making of those payments.
( 4) An order under this section may contain such consequential
and supplemental provisions as the court thinks necessary or
expedient for the purpose of giving effect to the order or for
the purpose of securing that the order operates fairly as between
1828 c. 63 Inheritance (Provisionfor Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
one beneficiary of the estate of the deceased and another and
may, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of
this subsection-
( a ) order any person who holds any property which forms
part of the net estate of the deceased to make such
payment or transfer such property as may be specified
in the order ;
( b) vary the disposition of the deceased's estate effected by
the will or the law relating to intestacy, or by both
the will and the law relating to intestacy, in such
manner as the court thinks fair and reasonable having
regard to the provisions of the order and all the
circumstances of the case ;
( c ) confer on the trustees of any property which is the
subject of an order under this section such powers as
appear to the court to be necessary or expedient.
Matters to
3.- (1 ) Where an application is made for an order under
which court is
section 2 of this Act, the court shall, in determining whether
to have regard
in exercising powers under
the disposition of the deceased's estate effected by his will or
the law relating to intestacy, or the combination of his will and
s . 2.
that law, is such as to make reasonable financial provision for
the applicant and, if the court considers that reasonable financial
provision has not been made, in determining whether and in
what manner it shall exercise its powers under that section,
have regard to the following matters, that is to say-
( a ) the financial resources and financial needs which the
applicant has or is likely to have in the foreseeable
future ;
( b) the financial resources and financial needs which any
other applicant for an order under section 2 of this
Act has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future ;
( c) the financial resources and financial needs which any
beneficiary of the estate of the deceased has or is
likely to have in the foreseeable future ;
( d ) any obligations and responsibilities which the deceased
had towards any applicant for an order under the said
section 2 or towards any beneficiary of the estate of
the deceased ;
(e) the size and nature of the net estate of the deceased ;
( f ) any physical or mental disability of any applicant for
an order under the said section 2 or any beneficiary of
the estate of the deceased ;
( g ) any other matter, including the conduct of the applicant
or any other person, which in the circumstances of
the case the court may consider relevant.
Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants) Act 1975
c. 63 ( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (g) of
subsection ( 1) above, where an application for an order under
section 2 of this Act is made by virtue of section 1( 1) (a) or
1(1 )(b) of this Act, the court shall, in addition to the matters
specifically mentioned in paragraphs (a) to ( f ) of that subsection,
have regard to
( a ) the age of the applicant and the duration of the
marriage ;
( b) the contribution made by the applicant to the welfare
of the family of the deceased, including any contribu-
tion made by looking after the home or caring for
the family ;
and, in the case of an application by the wife or husband of the
deceased, the court shall also, unless at the date of death
a decree of judicial separation was in force and the separation
was continuing, have regard to the provision which the applicant
might reasonably have expected to receive if on the day on
which the deceased died the marriage, instead of being
terminated by death, had been terminated by a decree of
divorce .
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (g) of
subsection ( 1) above, where an application for an order under
section 2 of this Act is made by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) (c) or
1(1)(d ) of this Act, the court shall, in addition to the matters
specifically mentioned in paragraphs (a) to ( f ) of that subsection,
have regard to the manner in which the applicant was being
or in which he might expect to be educated or trained, and
where the application is made by virtue of section 1(1) (d ) the
court shall also have regard-
( a) to whether the deceased had assumed any responsibility
for the applicant's maintenance and, if so, to the extent
to which and the basis upon which the deceased
assumed that responsibility and to the length of time
for which the deceased discharged that responsibility ;
( b) to whether in assuming and discharging that responsi-
bility the deceased did so knowing that the applicant
was not his own child ;
( c ) to the liability of any other person to maintain the
applicant .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (g) of
subsection ( 1 ) above, where an application for an order under
section 2 of this Act is made by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) (e) of
this Act, the court shall, in addition to the matters specifically
mentioned in paragraphs (a) to ( f ) of that subsection, have
1829
1830 Time-limit for
applications. Interim orders. c. 63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
regard to the extent to which and the basis upon which the
deceased assumed responsibility for the maintenance of the
applicant and to the length of time for which the deceased
discharged that responsibility.
(5) In considering the matters to which the court is required
to have regard under this section, the court shall take into
account the facts as known to the court at the date of the
hearing .
( 6 ) In considering the financial resources of any person for
the purposes of this section the court shall take into account
his earning capacity and in considering the financial needs of
any person for the purposes of this section the court shall take
into account his financial obligations and responsibilities .
4. An application for an order under section 2 of this Act
shall not, except with the permission of the court, be made after
the end of the period of six months from the date on which
representation with respect to the estate of the deceased is first
taken out.
5.-( 1 ) Where on an application for an order under section 2
of this Act it appears to the court-
( a) that the applicant is in immediate need of financial
assistance, but it is not yet possible to determine what
order (if any) should be made under that section ; and
( b) that property forming part of the net estate of the
deceased is or can be made available to meet the need
of the applicant ;
the court may order that, subject to such conditions or restric-
tions, if any, as the court may impose and to any further order
of the court, there shall be paid to the applicant out of the net
estate of the deceased such sum or sums and (if more than one)
at such intervals as the court thinks reasonable ; and the court
may order that, subject to the provisions of this Act, such pay-
ments are to be made until such date as the court may specify,
not being later than the date on which the court either makes
an order under the said section 2 or decides not to exercise its
powers under that section.
(2) Subsections ( 2), (3) and ( 4) of section 2 of this Act shall
apply in relation to an order under this section as they apply
in relation to an order under that section.
( 3) In determining what order, if any, should be made under
this section the court shall, so far as the urgency of the case
admits , have regard to the same matters as those to which the
court is required to have regard under section 3 of this Act.
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) c.63 1831
Act 1975
( 4 ) An order made under section 2 of this Act may provide
that any sum paid to the applicant by virtue of this section shall
be treated to such an extent and in such manner as may be pro-
vided by that order as having been paid on account of any pay-
ment provided for by that order.
6.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where the Variation,
court has made an order under section 2(1)( a) of this Act (in discharge etc.
this section referred to as " the original order ") for the making periodical
of orders for
of periodical payments to any person (in this section referred payments.
to as the original recipient "), the court, on an application
66
under this section, shall have power by order to vary or dis-
charge the original order or to suspend any provision of it
temporarily and to revive the operation of any provision so
suspended.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
an order made on an application for the variation of the original
order may-
( a ) provide for the making out of any relevant property
of such periodical payments and for such term as
may be specified in the order to any person who has
applied, or would but for section 4 of this Act be
entitled to apply, for an order under section 2 of this
Act ( whether or not, in the case of any application,
an order was made in favour of the applicant) ;
(b) provide for the payment out of any relevant property
of a lump sum of such amount as may be so specified
to the original recipient or to any such person as is
mentioned in paragraph (a ) above ;
(c) provide for the transfer of the relevant property, or such
part thereof as may be so specified, to the original
recipient or to any such person as is so mentioned.
(3) Where the original order provides that any periodical
payments payable thereunder to the original recipient are to
cease on the occurrence of an event specified in the order (other
than the remarriage of a former wife or former husband) or on
the expiration of a period so specified, then, if, before the end
of the period of six months from the date of the occurrence of
that event or of the expiration of that period, an application is
made for an order under this section, the court shall have power
to make any order which it would have had power to make
if the application had been made before that date (whether
in favour of the original recipient or any such person as is
mentioned in subsection (2) (a) above and whether having effect
from that date or from such later date as the court may specify ) .
1832 c. 63 Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
( 4 ) Any reference in this section to the original order shall
include a reference to an order made under this section and any
reference in this section to the original recipient shall include
a reference to any person to whom periodical payments are
required to be made by virtue of an order under this section.
( 5) An application under this section may be made by any of
the following persons, that is to say-
( a) any person who by virtue of section 1(1) of this Act
has applied, or would but for section 4 of this Act
be entitled to apply, for an order under section 2 of
this Act,
( b) the personal representatives of the deceased,
(c) the trustees of any relevant property, and
( d ) any beneficiary of the estate of the deceased.
(6) An order under this section may only affect-
( a ) property the income of which is at the date of the order
applicable wholly or in part for the making of periodi-
cal payments to any person who has applied for an
order under this Act, or
( b) in the case of an application under subsection ( 3) above
in respect of payments which have ceased to be pay-
able on the occurrence of an event or the expiration
of a period, property the income of which was so
applicable immediately before the occurrence of that
event or the expiration of that period, as the case may
be ,
and any such property as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b)
above is in subsections ( 2) and (5) above referred to as " relevant
property ".
( 7) In exercising the powers conferred by this section the
court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case,
including any change in any of the matters to which the court
was required to have regard when making the order to which the
application relates .
( 8) Where the court makes an order under this section, it may
give such consequential directions as it thinks necessary or
expedient having regard to the provisions of the order .
(9) No such order as is mentioned in sections 2( 1 ) ( d) , ( e) or ( f ) ,
9, 10 or 11 of this Act shall be made on an application under this
section.
(10) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that ,
in relation to an order which provides for the making of peri-
odical payments which are to cease on the occurrence of an
event specified in the order (other than the remarriage of a
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants ) Act 1975
c. 63 1833
former wife or former husband) or on the expiration of a period
so specified, the power to vary an order includes power to pro-
vide for the making of periodical payments after the expiration
of that period or the occurrence of that event.
7.- (1 ) An order under section 2( 1) ( b) or 6(2)(b) of this Act Payment of
for the payment of a lump sum may provide for the payment lump sums by
of that sum by instalments of such amount as may be specified instalments.
in the order.
( 2) Where an order is made by virtue of subsection ( 1) above,
the court shall have power, on an application made by the person
to whom the lump sum is payable, by the personal representatives
of the deceased or by the trustees of the property out of which
the lump sum is payable, to vary that order by varying the num-
ber of instalments payable, the amount of any instalment and the
date on which any instalment becomes payable.
Property available for financial provision
8.- ( 1) Where a deceased person has in accordance with the Property
provisions of any enactment nominated any person to receive treated as
any sum of money or other property on his death and that part of " net
estate".
nomination is in force at the time of his death, that sum of
money, after deducting therefrom any capital transfer tax pay-
able in respect thereof, or that other property, to the extent of
the value thereof at the date of the death of the deceased after
deducting therefrom any capital transfer tax so payable, shall
be treated for the purposes of this Act as part of the net estate
of the deceased ; but this subsection shall not render any person
liable for having paid that sum or transferred that other property
to the person named in the nomination in accordance with the
directions given in the nomination.
( 2) Where any sum of money or other property is received
by any person as a donatio mortis causa made by a deceased
person, that sum of money, after deducting therefrom any
capital transfer tax payable thereon, or that other property, to
the extent of the value thereof at the date of the death of the
deceased after deducting therefrom any capital transfer tax
so payable, shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as part
of the net estate of the deceased ; but this subsection shall not
render any person liable for having paid that sum or transferred
that other property in order to give effect to that donatio mortis
causa .
( 3) The amount of capital transfer tax to be deducted for the
purposes of this section shall not exceed the amount of that tax
which has been borne by the person nominated by the deceased
or, as the case may be, the person who has received a sum of
money or other property as a donatio mortis causa.
1834 c. 63 Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
Property held
on ajoint
tenancy.
9.-( 1 ) Where a deceased person was immediately before
his death beneficially entitled to a joint tenancy of any property,
then, if, before the end of the period of six months from the date
on which representation with respect to the estate of the deceased
was first taken out, an application is made for an order under
section 2 of this Act , the court for the purpose of facilitating
the making of financial provision for the applicant under this
Act may order that the deceased's severable share of that pro-
perty, at the value thereof immediately before his death, shall,
to such extent as appears to the court to be just in all the cir-
cumstances of the case, be treated for the purposes of this Act
as part of the net estate of the deceased.
( 2) In determining the extent to which any severable share
is to be treated as part of the net estate of the deceased by virtue
of an order under subsection ( 1) above, the court shall have
regard to any capital transfer tax payable in respect of that
severable share.
( 3) Where an order is made under subsection ( 1 ) above, the
provisions of this section shall not render any person liable for
anything done by him before the order was made.
( 4 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that for
the purposes of this section there may be a joint tenancy of a
chose in action.
Powers of court in relation to transactions intended to
defeat applications for financial provision
Dispositions intended
10.-( 1 ) Where an application is made to the court for an
order under section 2 of this Act, the applicant may, in the
to defeat
proceedings on that application, apply to the court for an order
applications
for financial
under subsection ( 2) below.
provision.
(2) Where on an application under subsection (1) above the
court is satisfied-
( a) that , less than six years before the date of the death of
the deceased, the deceased with the intention of defeat-
ing an application for financial provision under this
Act made a disposition, and
(b) that full valuable consideration for that disposition was
not given by the person to whom or for the benefit of
whom the disposition was made (in this section referred
to as " the donee ") or by any other person, and
( c) that the exercise of the powers conferred by this section
would facilitate the making of financial provision for
the applicant under this Act,
then, subject to the provisions of this section and of sections 12
and 13 of this Act, the court may order the donee (whether or
not at the date of the order he holds any interest in the property
Inheritance (Provisionfor Family and Dependants) c. 63 1835
Act 1975
disposed of to him or for his benefit by the deceased ) to provide,
for the purpose of the making of that financial provision, such
sum of money or other property as may be specified in the
order.
( 3) Where an order is made under subsection (2) above as
respects any disposition made by the deceased which consisted
of the payment of money to or for the benefit of the donee, the
amount of any sum of money or the value of any property
ordered to be provided under that subsection shall not exceed
the amount of the payment made by the deceased after deducting
therefrom any capital transfer tax borne by the donee in respect
of that payment.
( 4 ) Where an order is made under subsection (2) above as
respects any disposition made by the deceased which consisted
of the transfer of property (other than a sum of money) to or
for the benefit of the donee, the amount of any sum of money or
the value of any property ordered to be provided under that
subsection shall not exceed the value at the date of the death
of the deceased of the property disposed of by him to or for the
benefit of the donee (or if that property has been disposed of by
the person to whom it was transferred by the deceased, the
value at the date of that disposal thereof ) after deducting there-
from any capital transfer tax borne by the donee in respect of
the transfer of that property by the deceased .
(5) Where an application (in this subsection referred to as
" the original application ") is made for an order under subsec-
tion (2) above in relation to any disposition, then, if on an appli-
cation under this subsection by the donee or by any applicant for
an order under section 2 of this Act the court is satisfied-
( a ) that, less than six years before the date of the death of
the deceased, the deceased with the intention of defeat-
ing an application for financial provision under this
Act made a disposition other than the disposition
which is the subject of the original application, and
( b) that full valuable consideration for that other disposition
was not given by the person to whom or for the benefit
of whom that other disposition was made or by any
other person,
the court may exercise in relation to the person to whom or for
the benefit of whom that other disposition was made the powers
which the court would have had under subsection (2) above
if the original application had been made in respect of that
other disposition and the court had been satisfied as to the
matters set out in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c ) of that subsection ;
and where any application is made under this subsection, any
reference in this section (except in subsection (2)(b) ) to the donee
1836 Contracts
to leave
property bywill.
c. 63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
shall include a reference to the person to whom or for the benefit
of whom that other disposition was made.
(6 ) In determining whether and in what manner to exercise
its powers under this section, the court shall have regard to the
circumstances in which any disposition was made and any valu-
able consideration which was given therefor, the relationship, if
any, of the donee to the deceased, the conduct and financial
resources of the donee and all the other circumstances of the
case.
(7) In this section " disposition " does not include-
( a) any provision in a will, any such nomination as is
mentioned in section 8 ( 1) of this Act or any donatio
mortis causa, or
( b) any appointment of property made, otherwise than by
will, in the exercise of a special power of appointment,
but, subject to these exceptions, includes any payment of money
( including the payment of a premium under a policy of assur-
ance) and any conveyance, assurance, appointment or gift of
property of any description, whether made by an instrument or
otherwise .
(8) The provisions of this section do not apply to any disposi-
tion made before the commencement of this Act.
11.-( 1 ) Where an application is made to a court for an order
under section 2 of this Act, the applicant may, in the proceedings
on that application, apply to the court for an order under this
section.
( 2) Where on an application under subsection ( 1) above the
court is satisfied-
( a ) that the deceased made a contract by which he agreed
to leave by his will a sum of money or other property
to any person or by which he agreed that a sum of
money or other property would be paid or transferred
to any person out of his estate, and
( b) that the deceased made that contract with the intention
of defeating an application for financial provision under
this Act, and
(c ) that when the contract was made full valuable con-
sideration for that contract was not given or promised
by the person with whom or for the benefit of whom
the contract was made ( in this section referred to as
" the donee ") or by any other person, and
(d ) that the exercise of the powers conferred by this section
would facilitate the making of financial provision for
the applicant under this Act,
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) c. 63 1837
Act 1975
then, subject to the provisions of this section and of sections 12
and 13 of this Act, the court may make any one or more of the
following orders, that is to say-
(i) if any money has been paid or any other property has
been transferred to or for the benefit of the donee in
accordance with the contract, an order directing the
donee to provide, for the purpose of the making of
that financial provision, such sum of money or other
property as may be specified in the order ;
(ii) if the money or all the money has not been paid or the
property or all the property has not been transferred
in accordance with the contract, an order directing the
personal representatives not to make any payment or
transfer any property, or not to make any further pay-
ment or transfer any further property, as the case may
be, in accordance therewith or directing the personal
representatives only to make such payment or transfer
such property as may be specified in the order.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) above, the
court may exercise its powers thereunder in relation to any
contract made by the deceased only to the extent that the
court considers that the amount of any sum of money paid
or to be paid or the value of any property transferred or to be
transferred in accordance with the contract exceeds the value
of any valuable consideration given or to be given for that
contract, and for this purpose the court shall have regard to
the value of property at the date of the hearing.
( 4 ) In determining whether and in what manner to exercise its
powers under this section, the court shall have regard to the
circumstances in which the contract was made, the relation-
ship, if any, of the donee to the deceased, the conduct and
financial resources of the donee and all the other circumstances
ofthe case.
(5 ) Where an order has been made under subsection (2) above
in relation to any contract, the rights of any person to enforce
that contract or to recover damages or to obtain other relief
for the breach thereof shall be subject to any adjustment made
by the court under section 12( 3) of this Act and shall survive
to such extent only as is consistent with giving effect to the
terms of that order.
(6) The provisions of this section do not apply to a contract
made before the commencement of this Act.
12 .-( 1 ) Where the exercise of any of the powers conferred Provisions
by section 10 or 11 of this Act is conditional on the court being supplementary
satisfied that a disposition or contract was made by a deceased to ss. 10
person with the intention of defeating an application for and 11.
1838 Provisions as
to trustees in
relation to
ss. 10 and 11 .
c . 63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
financial provision under this Act, that condition shall be fulfilled
if the court is of the opinion that , on a balance of probabilities ,
the intention of the deceased (though not necessarily his sole
intention ) in making the disposition or contract was to prevent
an order for financial provision being made under this Act or to
reduce the amount of the provision which might otherwise be
granted by an order thereunder.
( 2) Where an application is made under section 11 of this
Act with respect to any contract made by the deceased and no
valuable consideration was given or promised by any person
for that contract then, notwithstanding anything in subsection
(1) above, it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is shown,
that the deceased made that contract with the intention of
defeating an application for financial provision under this Act.
(3) Where the court makes an order under section 10 or 11
of this Act it may give such consequential directions as it
thinks fit (including directions requiring the making of any
payment or the transfer of any property) for giving effect to
the order or for securing a fair adjustment of the rights of the
persons affected thereby.
( 4) Any power conferred on the court by the said section 10
or 11 to order the donee, in relation to any disposition or
contract, to provide any sum of money or other property shall
be exercisable in like manner in relation to the personal
representative of the donee, and-
( a) any reference in section 10( 4) to the disposal of property
by the donee shall include a reference to disposal by
the personal representative of the donee, and
( b) any reference in section 10( 5) to an application by the
donee under that subsection shall include a reference
to an application by the personal representative of
the donee ;
but the court shall not have power under the said section 10 or
11 to make an order in respect of any property forming part of
the estate of the donee which has been distributed by the personal
representative ; and the personal representative shall not be liable
for having distributed any such property before he has notice of
the making of an application under the said section 10 or 11 on
the ground that he ought to have taken into account the
possibility that such an application would be made.
13.-( 1) Where an application is made for-
( a ) an order under section 10 of this Act in respect of
a disposition made by the deceased to any person as
a trustee, or
Inheritance (Provisionfor Family and Dependants ) c. 63 1839
Act 1975
( b) an order under section 11 of this Act in respect of any
payment made or property transferred, in accordance
with a contract made by the deceased, to any person
as a trustee,
the powers of the court under the said section 10 or 11 to
order that trustee to provide a sum of money or other property
shall be subject to the following limitation (in addition, in a
case of an application under section 10, to any provision
regarding the deduction of capital transfer tax) namely, that
the amount of any sum of money or the value of any property
ordered to be provided-
( i) in the case of an application in respect of a disposition
which consisted of the payment of money or an appli-
cation in respect of the payment of money in accord-
ance with a contract, shall not exceed the aggregate
of so much of that money as is at the date of the order
in the hands of the trustee and the value at that date
of any property which represents that money or is
derived therefrom and is at that date in the hands of
the trustee ;
(ii) in the case of an application in respect of a disposition
which consisted of the transfer of property ( other than
a sum of money) or an application in respect of the
transfer of property ( other than a sum of money) in
accordance with a contract, shall not exceed the aggre-
gate of the value at the date of the order of so much of
that property as is at that date in the hands of the
trustee and the value at that date of any property
which represents the first -mentioned property or is
derived therefrom and is at that date in the hands of
the trustee.
( 2) Where any such application is made in respect of a
disposition made to any person as a trustee or in respect of any
payment made or property transferred in pursuance of a contract
to any person as a trustee, the trustee shall not be liable for
having distributed any money or other property on the ground
that he ought to have taken into account the possibility that
such an application would be made.
( 3) Where any such application is made in respect of a dis-
position made to any person as a trustee or in respect of any
payment made or property transferred in accordance with a
contract to any person as a trustee, any reference in the said
section 10 or 11 to the donee shall be construed as including
a reference to the trustee or trustees for the time being of the
trust in question and any reference in subsection ( 1) or (2)
above to a trustee shall be construed in the same way.
1840 c. 63 Inheritance ( Provisionfor Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
Provision as
to cases where
no financial
reliefwas
granted in
divorce
proceedings
etc.
1973 с.18.
Special provisions relating to cases of divorce,
separation etc.
14.-( 1 ) Where, within twelve months from the date on which
a decree of divorce or nullity of marriage has been made
absolute or a decree of judicial separation has been granted, a
party to the marriage dies and-
( a) an application for a financial provision order under
section 23 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 or a
property adjustment order under section 24 of that
Act has not been made by the other party to that
marriage, or
( b ) such an application has been made but the proceedings
thereon have not been determined at the time of the
death of the deceased,
then, if an application for an order under section 2 of this
Act is made by that other party, the court shall, notwithstanding
anything in section 1 or section 3 of this Act, have power, if
it thinks it just to do so, to treat that party for the purposes of
that application as if the decree of divorce or nullity of marriage
had not been made absolute or the decree of judicial separation
had not been granted, as the case may be.
( 2) This section shall not apply in relation to a decree of
judicial separation unless at the date of the death of the deceased
the decree was in force and the separation was continuing.
Restriction imposed in
15.-(1) On granting a decree of divorce, a decree of nullity
of marriage or a decree of judicial separation or at any time
divorce
proceedings
thereafter, the court may, if the court considers it just to do so
etc. on
and the parties to the marriage agree, order that either party to
application
the marriage shall not be entitled on the death of the other
under this Act.
party to apply for an order under section 2 of this Act.
( 2 ) In the case of a decree of divorce or nullity of marriage
an order may be made under subsection ( 1) above before or
after the decree is made absolute, but if it is made before the
decree is made absolute it shall not take effect unless the
decree is made absolute.
(3) Where an order made under subsection ( 1) above on the
grant of a decree of divorce or nullity of marriage has come
into force with respect to a party to a marriage, then, on the
death of the other party to that marriage, the court shall not
entertain any application for an order under section 2 of this
Act made by the first-mentioned party.
( 4 ) Where an order made under subsection ( 1) above on the
grant of a decree of judicial separation has come into force
with respect to any party to a marriage, then, if the other party
to that marriage dies while the decree is in force and the
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) c. 63 1841
Act 1975
separation is continuing, the court shall not entertain any appli-
cation for an order under section 2 of this Act made by the
first - mentioned party.
16.-( 1 ) Where an application for an order under section 2 Variation and
of this Act is made to the court by any person who was at the discharge of
time of the death of the deceased entitled to payments from the secured periodical
deceased under a secured periodical payments order made under payments
the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, then, in the proceedings on orders made
that application, the court shall have power, if an application is under
made under this section by that person or by the personal Matrimonial
Causes Act
representative of the deceased, to vary or discharge that 1973 .
periodical payments order or to revive the operation of any
1973 с. 18.
provision thereof which has been suspended under section 31 of
thatAct.
( 2) In exercising the powers conferred by this section the court
shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case, including
any order which the court proposes to make under section 2
or section 5 of this Act and any change ( whether resulting from
the death of the deceased or otherwise ) in any of the matters
to which the court was required to have regard when making
the secured periodical payments order.
( 3) The powers exercisable by the court under this section in
relation to an order shall be exercisable also in relation to any
instrument executed in pursuance of the order.
17.-( 1) Where an application for an order under section 2 Variation and
of this Act is made to the court by any person who was at the revocation of maintenance
time of the death of the deceased entitled to payments from agreements.
the deceased under a maintenance agreement which provided
for the continuation of payments under the agreement after the
death of the deceased, then, in the proceedings on that applica-
tion, the court shall have power, if an application is made
under this section by that person or by the personal representa-
tive of the deceased, to vary or revoke that agreement.
( 2) In exercising the powers conferred by this section the court
shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case, including
any order which the court proposes to make under section 2
or section 5 of this Act and any change (whether resulting from
the death of the deceased or otherwise ) in any of the circum-
stances in the light of which the agreement was made.
( 3) If a maintenance agreement is varied by the court under
this section the like consequences shall ensue as if the variation
had been made immediately before the death of the deceased
by agreement between the parties and for valuable consideration.
1842 c. 63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
Availability
ofcourt's
powers under
this Act in
applications
under ss. 31
and 36 of the
Matrimonial
CausesAct
1973 .
1973. с. 18.
( 4 ) In this section " maintenance agreement ", in relation to a
deceased person, means any agreement made, whether in writing
or not and whether before or after the commencement of this
Act, by the deceased with any person with whom he entered
into a marriage, being an agreement which contained provisions
governing the rights and liabilities towards one another when
living separately of the parties to that marriage (whether or not
the marriage has been dissolved or annulled ) in respect of the
making or securing of payments or the disposition or use of any
property, including such rights and liabilities with respect to the
maintenance or education of any child, whether or not a child of
the deceased or a person who was treated by the deceased as a
child of the family in relation to that marriage.
18.-( 1) Where-
( a) a person against whom a secured periodical payments
order was made under the Matrimonial Causes Act
1973 has died and an application is made under section
31 (6) of that Act for the variation or discharge of that
order or for the revival of the operation of any pro-
vision thereof which has been suspended, or
(b) a party to a maintenance agreement within the meaning
of section 34 of that Act has died, the agreement being
one which provides for the continuation of payments
thereunder after the death of one of the parties, and
an application is made under section 36(1 ) of that Act
for the alteration of the agreement under section 35
thereof ,
the court shall have power to direct that the application made
under the said section 31 (6) or 36( 1) shall be deemed to have been
accompanied by an application for an order under section 2 of
this Act.
(2) Where the court gives a direction under subsection ( 1)
above it shall have power, in the proceedings on the application
under the said section 31 (6) or 36( 1), to make any order which the
court would have had power to make under the provisions of
this Act if the application under the said section 31(6) or 36( 1 ) ,
as the case may be, had been made jointly with an application
for an order under the said section 2; and the court shall have
power to give such consequential directions as may be necessary
for enabling the court to exercise any of the powers available to
the court under this Act in the case of an application for an
order under section 2.
(3) Where an order made under section 15( 1) of this Act is
in force with respect to a party to a marriage, the court shall
not give a direction under subsection ( 1) above with respect
to any application made under the said section 31 (6) or 36( 1) by
that party on the death of the other party.
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants ) c.63 1843
Act 1975
Miscellaneous and supplementary provisions
19.-(1) Where an order is made under section 2 of this Act Effect,
then for all purposes, including the purposes of the enactments duration and
form of orders .
relating to capital transfer tax, the will or the law relating to
intestacy, or both the will and the law relating to intestacy, as
the case may be, shall have effect and be deemed to have had
effect as from the deceased's death subject to the provisions of
the order.
( 2 ) Any order made under section 2 or 5 of this Act in favour
of-
( a ) an applicant who was the former husband or former
wife of the deceased, or
( b ) an applicant who was the husband or wife of the
deceased in a case where the marriage with the
deceased was the subject of a decree of judicial separa-
tion and at the date of death the decree was in force
and the separation was continuing,
shall, in so far as it provides for the making of periodical pay-
ments, cease to have effect on the remarriage of the applicant,
except in relation to any arrears due under the order on the
date of the remarriage.
( 3) A copy of every order made under this Act shall be sent
to the principal registry of the Family Division for entry and
filing , and a memorandum of the order shall be endorsed on,
or permanently annexed to, the probate or letters of administra-
tion under which the estate is being administered.
20.-(1 ) The provisions of this Act shall not render the Provisions as
personal representative of a deceased person liable for having to personal
distributed any part of the estate of the deceased, after the end representatives .
of the period of six months from the date on which representa-
tion with respect to the estate of the deceased is first taken out,
on the ground that he ought to have taken into account the
possibility-
( a) that the court might permit the making of an application
for an order under section 2 of this Act after the end
of that period, or
(b) that, where an order has been made under the said sec-
tion 2, the court might exercise in relation thereto
the powers conferred on it by section 6 of this Act,
but this subsection shall not prejudice any power to recover,
by reason of the making of an order under this Act, any part
of the estate so distributed.
( 2) Where the personal representative of a deceased person
pays any sum directed by an order under section 5 of this Act
to be paid out of the deceased's net estate, he shall not be
1844 c. 63 Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
Admissibility
as evidence
of statements
madeby
deceased .
1968 с. 64.
Jurisdiction
ofcounty
courts.
under any liability by reason of that estate not being sufficient
to make the payment, unless at the time of making the payment
he has reasonable cause to believe that the estate is not sufficient.
( 3) Where a deceased person entered into a contract by
which he agreed to leave by his will any sum of money or other
property to any person or by which he agreed that a sum of
money or other property would be paid or transferred to any
person out of his estate, then, if the personal representative of
the deceased has reason to believe that the deceased entered into
the contract with the intention of defeating an application for
financial provision under this Act, he may, notwithstanding any-
thing in that contract, postpone the payment of that sum of
money or the transfer of that property until the expiration of
the period of six months from the date on which representation
with respect to the estate of the deceased is first taken out or,
if during that period an application is made for an order under
section 2 of this Act, until the determination of the proceedings
on that application.
21. In any proceedings under this Act a statement made
by the deceased, whether orally or in a document or otherwise,
shall be admissible under section 2 of the Civil Evidence Act
1968 as evidence of any fact stated therein in like manner as if
the statement were a statement falling within section 2( 1) of
that Act ; and any reference in that Act to a statement admis-
sible, or given or proposed to be given, in evidence under section
2 thereof or to the admissibility or the giving in evidence of a
statement by virtue of that section or to any statement falling
within section 2(1) of that Act shall be construed accordingly.
22.- ( 1 ) A county court shall have jurisdiction to hear and
determine any application for an order under section 2 of this
Act (including any application for permission to apply for such
an order and any application made, in the proceedings on an
application for an order under the said section 2, for an order
under any other provision of this Act) where it is shown to the
satisfaction of the court that the value at the date of the death
of the deceased of all property included in his net estate for
the purposes of this Act by virtue of paragraph (a) of the defini-
tion thereof in section 25( 1) of this Act does not exceed the sum
of £5,000 or such larger sum as may from time to time be fixed
for this purpose by order of the Lord Chancellor.
( 2) Where a county court makes an order under section 2
of this Act, the court shall have all the jurisdiction of the High
Court for the purpose of any further proceedings in relation
thereto under section 6 of this Act.
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) c. 63 1845
Act 1975
( 3 ) Rules of court may provide for the transfer from a county
court to the High Court, or from the High Court to a county
court, of any proceedings for an order under section 2 of this
Act.
( 4 ) Any order of the Lord Chancellor under subsection ( 1)
above shall be made by statutory instrument, and a draft of
the statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament ; and-
( a) in relation to proceedings commenced in a county court
after the making but before the coming into force of
any such order the court may, if it thinks fit, refuse
to make an order under section 66 of the County Courts 1959 c. 22.
Act 1959 (transfer to High Court of proceedings out-
side jurisdiction of county court ) if the proceedings are
within the jurisdiction of the county court as extended
by the order of the Lord Chancellor ; but
( b) the coming into force of any such order of the Lord
Chancellor shall not be taken to affect any order
previously made under the said section 66.
23. In considering for the purposes of this Act when repre- Determination
sentation with respect to the estate of a deceased person was of date
first taken out, a grant limited to settled land or to trust property onwhich
shall be left out of account, and a grant limited to real estate representation
was first
or to personal estate shall be left out of account unless a grant taken out.
limited to the remainder of the estate has previously been made
or is made at the same time.
24. Section 46( 1)(vi ) of the Administration of Estates Act Effect of this
1925, in so far as it provides for the devolution of property on Act on
the Crown, the Duchy of Lancaster or the Duke of Cornwall as s. 46(1)(vi) of
Administration
bona vacantia, shall have effect subject to the provisions of this of Estates
Act.
Act 1925 .
1925 с. 23 .
Interpretation .
25.- ( 1 ) In this Act-
" beneficiary ", in relation to the estate of a deceased person,
means
( a ) a person who under the will of the deceased
or under the law relating to intestacy is beneficially
interested in the estate or would be so interested if
an order had not been made under this Act, and
( b) a person who has received any sum of
money or other property which by virtue of section
8 ( 1 ) or 8 (2) of this Act is treated as part of the net
estate of the deceased or would have received that
sum or other property if an order had not been
made under this Act ;
1846 c. 63 Inheritance (Provisionfor Family and Dependants)
Act 1975
1973 с. 18
" child " includes an illegitimate child and a child en ventre
a mere at the death of the deceased ;
" the court " means the High Court, or where a county
court has jurisdiction by virtue of section 22 of this
Act, a county court ;
" former wife " or " former husband " means a person
whose marriage with the deceased was during the
deceased's lifetime dissolved or annulled by a decree
of divorce or of nullity of marriage made under the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 ;
" net estate ", in relation to a deceased person, means : -
( a ) all property of which the deceased had power
to dispose by his will ( otherwise than by virtue of a
special power of appointment) less the amount of
his funeral, testamentary and administration
expenses, debts and liabilities, including any capital
transfer tax payable out of his estate on his death ;
(b) any property in respect of which the deceased
held a general power of appointment ( not being a
power exercisable by will ) which has not been
exercised ;
( c ) any sum of money or other property which is
treated for the purposes of this Act as part of the
net estate of the deceased by virtue of section 8( 1)
or (2) of this Act ;
( d ) any property which is treated for the pur-
poses of this Act as part of the net estate of the
deceased by virtue of an order made under section
9 of the Act ;
( e) any sum of money or other property which is,
by reason of a disposition or contract made by the
deceased, ordered under section 10 or 11 of this Act
to be provided for the purpose of the making of
financial provision under this Act ;
" property " includes any chose in action ;
" reasonable financial provision " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 1 of this Act ;
"valuable consideration " does not include marriage or a
promise of marriage ;
" will " includes codicil.
( 2 ) For the purposes of paragraph ( a ) of the definition of
"
net estate " in subsection ( 1) above a person who is not of
full age and capacity shall be treated as having power to dispose
by will of all property of which he would have had power to
dispose by will if he had been of full age and capacity.
Inheritance ( Provisionfor Family and Dependants ) c.63 1847
Act 1975
( 3) Any reference in this Act to provision out of the net estate
of a deceased person includes a reference to provision extend-
ing to the whole of that estate.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act any reference to a wife or
husband shall be treated as including a reference to a person
who in good faith entered into a void marriage with the
deceased unless either-
( a ) the marriage of the deceased and that person was dis-
solved or annulled during the lifetime of the deceased
and the dissolution or annulment is recognised by the
law ofEngland and Wales, or
( b) that person has during the lifetime of the deceased
entered into a later marriage.
(5) Any reference in this Act to remarriage or to a person
who has remarried includes a reference to a marriage which is
by law void or voidable or to a person who has entered into
such a marriage, as the case may be, and a marriage shall be
treated for the purposes of this Act as a remarriage, in relation
to any party thereto, notwithstanding that the previous marriage
of that party was void or voidable.
(6) Any reference in this Act to an order or decree made
under the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 or under any section 1973 с. 18.
of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to an
order or decree which is deemed to have been made under
that Act or under that section thereof, as the case may be.
( 7) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference
to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent
enactment.
26. ( 1 ) Section 36 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 Consequential
( which provides for the alteration of maintenance agreements amendments,
by the High Court or a county court after the death of one of repeals and
transitional
the parties) shall have effect subject to the following amend- provisions.
ments (being amendments consequential on this Act ), that is to
say-
( a) in subsection (3) for the words " section 7 of the Family
Provision Act 1966 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 22 of the Inheritance (Provision for
Family and Dependants) Act 1975 " , for the words
from " the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act " to
66 net estate " there shall be substituted the words " that
Act if the value of the property mentioned in that sec-
tion " and for the words " section 26 of the Matrimonial
Causes Act 1965 (application for maintenance out of
deceased's estate by former spouse) " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 2 of that Act " ;
1848 1973 с. 18.
1889 с. 63 .
1938 с. 71 .
1965 с. 72.
c. 63 Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants )
Act 1975
(b) in subsection (7) for the words from " section 7 " to
" subsection (5) " there shall be substituted the words
" section 22 of the Inheritance ( Provision for Family
and Dependants) Act 1975 ( which enables rules of
court to provide for the transfer from a county court
to the High Court or from the High Court to a county
court of proceedings for an order under section 2 of
that Act) and paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (4)
ود
and for the words any such proceedings as are
66
referred to in subsection (1) of that section " there shall
be substituted the words " proceedings for an order
under section 2 of that Act ".
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments
specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to
the extent specified in the third column of the Schedule ; and
in paragraph 5( 2) of Schedule 2 to the Matrimonial Causes Act
1973 for the words " that Act " there shall be substituted the
words " the Matrimonial Causes Act 1965. "
(3) The repeal of the said enactments shall not affect their
operation in relation to any application made thereunder
( whether before or after the commencement of this Act ) with
reference to the death of any person who died before the
commencement of this Act.
( 4) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 38 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 ( which relates to the effect of repeals)
nothing in any repeal made by this Act shall affect any order
made or direction given under any enactment repealed by this
Act, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, every such order
or direction (other than an order made under section 4A of the
Inheritance Family Provision Act 1938 or section 28A of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1965) shall, if it is in force at the
commencement of this Act or is made by virtue of subsection
(3) above, continue in force as if it had been made under section
2( 1 ) (a) of this Act, and for the purposes of section 6( 7) of this
Act the court in exercising its powers under that section in
relation to an order continued in force by this subsection shall
be required to have regard to any change in any of the circum-
stances to which the court would have been required to have
regard when making that order if the order had been made
with reference to the death of any person who died after the
commencement of this Act.
Short title, commencement for Family and Dependants) Act 1975 .
27. ( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Inheritance ( Provision
and extent. ( 2) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.
(3) This Act shall come into force on 1st April 1976.
Inheritance ( Provision for Family and Dependants) Act 1975
SCHEDULE
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
c. 63 1849
Section 26.
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
1938 с. 72. The Inheritance (Family
Provision) Act 1938. 1952 с. 64. The Intestates' Estates
Act 1952.
Act 1965. The whole Act.
Section 7 and Schedule 3.
1965 с. 72. The Matrimonial Causes Sections 26 to 28A and section
25( 4) and (5) as applied by
section 28( 2) .
1966 с. 35. The Family Provision The whole Act, except section 1
Act 1966. and subsections (1) and (3) of
section 10.
1969 с. 46. The Family Law Reform
Act 1969. Sections 5(1) and 18.
1970 с. 31 . The Administration of In Schedule 2, paragraph 16.
Justice Act 1970.
1970 с. 33 . The Law Reform (Miscel- Section 6.
laneous Provisions) Act
1970.
1970 с. 45. The Matrimonial Proceed- Section 36.
ings and Property Act
1970.
1971 с. 23 . 1973 с. 18. The Courts Act 1971 . The Matrimonial Causes
Act1973 .
1975 с. 7. The Finance Act 1975.
Section 45( 1 ) (a) .
In section 50, in subsection
(1)(a) the words from " and
sections 26 " to the end of the
paragraph, in subsection (1)(d)
the words "
or sections 26 to
28A of the Matrimonial
Causes Act 1965 " and in
subsection (2)(a) the words
66
or under section 26 or 27 of
the Matrimonial Causes Act
1965 " .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 5(1 )
and in paragraph 12 the words
" (a ) sections 26 to 28A of the
Matrimonial Causes Act
1965."
In Schedule 12, paragraph 6.
2E
c . 64 1851
HONIS

YPENSE
DROIZ
Iron and Steel Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 64
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the
British Steel Corporation and the iron and steel
industry. [ 12th November 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :—
PART I
BRITISH STEEL CORPORATION AND PUBLICLY-OWNED
COMPANIES
1.-( 1 ) There shall continue to be a public authority called British Steel
the British Steel Corporation (in this Act referred to as " the Corporation.
Corporation ") , which shall have such powers and duties as are
conferred and imposed on them by, or by virtue of, this Act.
( 2) The Corporation shall be a body corporate having per-
petual succession and a common seal.
(3) The Corporation shall consist of a chairman and not less
than seven nor more than twenty other members.
( 4) The chairman and the other members of the Corporation
shall be appointed by the Secretary of State from amongst per-
sons appearing to him to have had wide experience of, and shown
capacity in, the production of iron ore or iron or steel, indus-
trial, commercial or financial matters, applied science, adminis-
tration or the organisation of workers.
2E2
1852 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART I
General duty
of the
Corporation.
( 5) The appointment of a member of the Corporation, other
than the chairman, shall not be made by the Secretary of State
except after consultation with the chairman.
( 6) As soon as possible after appointing a person to be a
member of the Corporation the Secretary of State shall lay
before each House of Parliament a statement of the term for
which he has been appointed.
( 7) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to the Corporation.
2.-( 1) It shall be incumbent on the Corporation-
( a) to promote the efficient and economical supply by the
Corporation and the publicly-owned companies of iron
and steel products, and to secure that those products
of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies
are available in such quantities, and are of such types,
qualities and sizes, and are available at such prices, as
may seem to the Corporation best calculated to satisfy
the reasonable demands of the persons ( including those
in Northern Ireland) who use those products for manu-
facturing purposes and to further the public interest
in all respects ;
( b) to secure that neither the Corporation nor a publicly-
owned company shall show undue preference to, or
exercise unfair discrimination against, any such persons,
or any class of such persons, in the supply and price
of iron and steel products, but without prejudice to any
variations in the terms and conditions of supply of those
products which may arise from ordinary commercial
considerations or from the public interest ;
(c) to take such steps as appear to the Corporation to be
practicable and desirable for the promotion of the ex-
port of iron and steel products and of other products
of the Corporation or a publicly-owned company ; and
( d ) to take such steps, in accordance with a general pro-
gramme settled from time to time with the approval
of the Secretary of State, as appear to the Corporation
to be practicable and desirable for-
(i) the promotion of research into matters affecting,
or arising out of, the carrying on of iron and steel
activities or of any other activities carried on by the
Corporation or a publicly-owned company ; and
(ii) the doing of such work as is requisite to enable
the results of research of that kind, whether pro-
moted by the Corporation or not, to be turned to
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1853
account or to enable the consequence of an idea
affecting, or arising out of, the carrying on of those
activities to be turned to account, either by them-
selves prosecuting or doing it or by their promoting
it by a publicly-owned company or by others .
(2) Where the Corporation promote research or the doing of
work otherwise than by themselves prosecuting or doing it, they
may give assistance, including financial assistance, for that
purpose.
( 3) The policy of the Corporation shall be directed to securing
the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by them and
by the publicly-owned companies .
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall be construed as
imposing upon the Corporation, either directly or indirectly, any
form of duty or liability enforceable in any court.
( 5 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section or in
section 3 of this Act shall be construed as-
(a ) imposing on the Corporation any duty to carry on,
or to secure the carrying on by the Corporation and
publicly-owned companies, of iron and steel activities
except to such extent as the Corporation think fit ; or
( b) precluding the Corporation from disposing of an asset
used, or capable of use, for the purpose of any of
those activities or from disposing of any interest in a
company in which any such asset is vested.
(6) In determining the location of their commercial and
administrative offices the Corporation shall have regard to the
location of the manufacturing activities under their ultimate
control and to the desirability of distributing major commercial
and administrative offices throughout Great Britain.
PART I
3.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Corporation Powers of the
shall have power- Corporation.
( a ) to carry on any iron and steel activities and to sell iron
and steel products ; and
(b) with the consent of, or in accordance with the terms of
any general authority given by, the Secretary of State,
to carry on any other activities which any publicly-
owned company is for the time being authorised by its
memorandum of association or by its charter of in-
corporation or other charter, as the case may be, to
carry on, or which any company that was at any time
publicly- owned was at any time so authorised to carry
on.
2E3
1854 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART I
1967 с. 17.
General
powers of the
Secretary of
State in relation to the
Corporation.
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall empower the Cor-
poration to hold or acquire interests in any company or to form,
or take part in forming, any company.
( 3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Corporation
shall have power-
( a) to hold interests in companies which were vested in
them under, or by virtue of, the Iron and Steel Act
1967 ;
(b) with the consent of, or in accordance with the terms of
any general authority given by, the Secretary of State,
to acquire by agreement, and to hold, interests in other
companies ;
( c ) with the consent of, or in accordance with the terms of
any general authority given by, the Secretary of State,
to form, or take part in forming, companies ; and
(d ) to exercise all rights conferred by the holding of
interests in companies .
( 4 ) The Corporation shall have power to provide for any
group of companies ( whether consisting of all or any of the
publicly-owned companies, other companies or both ) any ser-
vices which, in the opinion of the Corporation, can conveniently
be provided as common services therefor ; and for the purposes
of this subsection the Corporation shall be entitled to treat
themselves as being included amongst the publicly- owned
companies.
( 5) The Corporation shall have power to do any thing or to
enter into any transaction ( whether or not involving the expendi-
ture of money, the borrowing of money in accordance with the
provisions of this Act, the lending of money, the acquisition of
any property or rights or the disposal of any property or rights)
which in their opinion is calculated to facilitate the proper
carrying on of their activities under subsection ( 1) above or the
proper exercise of their powers under subsection (3) or ( 4) above.
(6 ) Any reference in this section to interests in a company
includes a reference to rights in respect of money lent to the
company or guarantees given for the benefit of the company.
( 7 ) The provisions of this section relate only to the capacity
of the Corporation as a statutory corporation, and nothing in
those provisions shall be construed as authorising the disregard
by the Corporation of any enactment or rule of law.
4.-(1) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with
the Corporation, give to the Corporation directions of a general
character as to the exercise and performance by the Corporation
of their functions (including the exercise of rights conferred by
the holding of interests in companies) in relation to matters
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
which appear to him to affect the national interest ; and the Corporation shall give effect to any directions so given.
( 2) The power to give directions to the Corporation under this
section shall, notwithstanding the limitation therein to the giving
of directions of a general character, extend to the giving to them
of directions of a general or specific character which appear to
the Secretary of State to be requisite to secure that the carrying
on of the activities that have fallen to be carried on under their
ultimate control is organised, so far as regards the direction
thereof, in the most efficient manner.
( 3) The Corporation shall not make, or permit to be made,
any substantial change in the manner in which the carrying on
of the activities that have fallen to be carried on under their
ultimate control is organised, so far as regards the direction
thereof, except with the consent of the Secretary of State or in
pursuance of a direction given by him by virtue of subsection
( 2 ) above.
( 4 ) In carrying out any measure of reorganisation or any work
of development which involves substantial outlay on capital
account, and in securing the carrying out by publicly-owned
companies of any such measure or work, the Corporation shall
act in accordance with a general programme settled from time
to time with the approval of the Secretary of State.
( 5) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection ( 1) or
( 4) above but subject as provided in subsection (6 ) below, the
Secretary of State may, after consultation with the Corporation,
by order, give to the Corporation directions-
( a ) to discontinue or restrict any of their activities (other
than iron and steel activities carried on in Great
Britain ) or to dispose of any part of their assets (other
than assets in Great Britain used, or capable of use, in
the production of iron and steel products) ; or
( b) to secure the discontinuance or restriction of any of the
activities of a publicly-owned company (other than iron
and steel activities carried on in Great Britain) , or the
disposal of the whole or any part of the assets of any
such company (other than assets in Great Britain used,
or capable of use, as aforesaid), or the winding up of
any such company ;
and the Corporation shall give effect to any directions so given .
( 6 ) The Secretary of State shall not give any direction under
subsection (5) above unless he is satisfied that effect can be
given to it without prejudicing the proper discharge of the
duties of the Corporation under this Act.
2E4
1855
PART I
1856 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART I
Duty to review affairs
and report to
the Secretary
ofState.
5.- ( 1) It shall be the duty of the Corporation, so often
as occasion seems to them to require it or as the Secretary of
State may require it, to undertake a review of their affairs for
the purpose of determining whether the carrying on of the
activities that have fallen to be carried on under their ultimate
control is organised, so far as regards the direction thereof, in
the most efficient manner, and to report their conclusions to the
Secretary of State.
( 2) Before reaching conclusions in consequence of a review
undertaken in pursuance of subsection ( 1) above the Corporation
shall seek consultation with organisations appearing to them to
represent substantial proportions of the persons employed by the
Corporation or the publicly-owned companies or of any class
of such persons.
(3) The Corporation shall supply the Secretary of State with
such returns, accounts and other information with respect to
their property and activities, and the property and activities of
the publicly-owned companies, as he may from time to time
require.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, the Corporation
shall, as soon as possible after the end of each financial year
of the Corporation, make to the Secretary of State a report on
the exercise and performance by the Corporation of their
functions during that year and on their policy and programme,
and the report shall include a general account of the activities
of their subsidiaries.
( 5) The report made under subsection (4 ) above for any year
shall set out any direction given by the Secretary of State to the
Corporation during that year unless-
(a ) the Secretary of State has notified to the Corporation
his opinion that it is against the interests of national
security to do so ; or
( b) the Secretary of State accepts the contention of the
Corporation that it is contrary to the commercial
interests of the Corporation to do so.
( 6) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the inclusion in reports under subsection ( 4)
above of information respecting business of the Corporation and
the publicly-owned companies consisting wholly or mainly in
activities other than iron and steel activities.
(7) The Secretary of State shall lay before each House of
Parliament a copy of every report made under subsection ( 1 ) or
( 4) above.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 с .64
1857
6.-(1 ) The Corporation shall from time to time
PART I
publish, in such manner as appears to them best adapted for Publication of
informing the persons affected, and in such form as appears to prices,
them appropriate, notices containing prices which they propose conditions of
should normally be charged in the United Kingdom by them andsale and
other
publicly- owned companies for iron and steel products, and terms information.
and conditions on which they propose iron and steel products
should normally be sold in the United Kingdom by them and
publicly-owned companies.
( 2) In a notice published under subsection (1 ) above the
Corporation may provide for the variation of a price, term or
condition contained in the notice according to such circum-
stances as may be specified in the notice.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to products of an
activity specified in paragraph 4 or 6 of Schedule 3 to this Act
except such, if any, of those products as may be specified in an
order made by the Secretary of State under this subsection.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may give to the Corporation
directions-
( a) to compile in a specified form, and to publish in a
specified manner, specified statistics and returns relat-
ing either to the activities of the Corporation and the
publicly- owned companies or to any of those activities
which may be specified ;
(b ) to make in a specified form, and to publish in a specified
manner, specified forecasts with respect to the output
of the Corporation and the publicly-owned companies
of, and their capacity to produce, either iron and
steel products or iron and steel products of any class
which may be specified ;
and the Corporation shall give effect to any directions so given.
( 5 ) Any directions given under subsection ( 4 ) above may
require statistics and returns to be compiled, and forecasts to be
made, either periodically or on a specified occasion.
( 6 ) In subsections ( 4) and (5) above " specified " in relation
to any directions means specified in those directions .
7.- (1 ) Except as provided in subsections ( 2) and ( 3) below, Machinery for
it shall be the duty of the Corporation to seek consultation with settling terms
any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate with a and conditions
view to the making of such agreements between the Corporation ofemployment.
and that organisation as appear to the parties to be desirable with
respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery, for
operation at national level or works level or any level falling
1858 PART I c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
between those levels which appears to the Corporation to be
appropriate, for the purposes of-
( a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions
of employment of persons employed by the Corporation
and by publicly-owned companies with provision for
reference to arbitration in default of a settlement in
such cases as may be determined by or under the agree-
ments ; and
( b) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting
efficiency, in any respect, in the carrying on by the
Corporation and by publicly- owned companies of their
activities ; and
( c ) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting
the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by
the Corporation and by publicly-owned companies.
( 2 ) The duty to seek consultation with any organisation under
subsection ( 1) above may be performed by the Corporation
either directly, or indirectly by exercising control over publicly-
owned companies ; and, if the Corporation so decide, such con-
sultation may be sought with a view to the making of such
agreements as are referred to in that subsection between publicly-
owned companies and any organisation.
( 3) The Corporation are not required to seek consultation
with any organisation under subsection ( 1) above in so far as
they are satisfied that adequate machinery, for operation at any
such level as is referred to in that subsection, exists for achieving
the purposes specified in that subsection.
( 4 ) The Corporation shall send to the Secretary of State copies
of any such agreement as aforesaid and of any instrument
varying the terms of any such agreement.
(5) Where it falls to the Corporation or a publicly - owned
company to participate in the operation of machinery established
under this section, and the operation involves discussion of a
subject by other persons participating therein, the Corporation or
the publicly-owned company, as the case may be, shall make
available to those persons, at a reasonable time before the
discussion is to take place, such information in their possession
relating to the subject as, after consultation with those persons,
appears to the Corporation or the publicly -owned company, as
the case may be, to be necessary to enable those persons to
participate effectively in the discusion .
( 6 ) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting
the Corporation or a publicly-owned company from taking part,
together with other employers, or organisations of employers, in
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1859
the establishment and maintenance of machinery for the settle-
ment of terms and conditions of employment and the promotion
and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health and
welfare of persons employed by them, and in the discussion of
other matters of mutual interest to them and persons employed
by them.
PART 1
8.- ( 1) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have Pension rights
effect with respect to the provision of pensions to, or in respect and
of , persons employed or formerly employed by the Corporation compensation
of employees.
and other bodies corporate and the payment of compensa-
tion to such persons, including provision for the making by the
Secretary of State of regulations for all or any of those purposes.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall not make regulations under
the provisions of the said Schedule 4 except after consultation
with the Corporation and such organisations as appear to him
to be representative of the persons concerned.
9.- (1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the Secretary of State Compulsory
may authorise the Corporation to purchase compulsorily any purchase of
land required for the exercise and performance of their functions land .
or the carrying on of any activity by a publicly -owned com-
pany ; and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) 1946 c. 49.
Act 1946 shall apply as if the Corporation were a local authority
within the meaning of that Act and as if this Act had been in
force immediately before the commencement of that Act.
(2) The Secretary of State shall not under this section autho-
rise the acquisition by the Corporation of any land for the
purpose of the carrying on by them or any publicly-owned com-
pany of any activity, other than the working and getting of iron
ore, if that land is being used wholly or mainly by any other
person for the purpose of carrying on the same activity or for
purposes incidental to the carrying on of that activity.
( 3) In the application of subsection ( 1) above to Scotland,
for the reference to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation
Procedure) Act 1946 there shall be substituted a reference to the
Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 c. 42.
1947.
10. The Corporation may, with the consent of the Secretary Power to
of State, promote Bills in Parliament or orders under the Private promote and
oppose Bills,
Legislation Procedure ( Scotland) Act 1936 and may, without any etc.
such consent, oppose any Bill in Parliament or any such order. 1936 с. 52.
1860 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART I
Provisions as
to publicly-
owned
companies.
11.-( 1 ) A publicly-owned company shall not, except with the
consent of, or in accordance with the terms of any general
authority given by, the Secretary of State, acquire interests in a
company or form, or take part in forming, a company.
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect
with respect of the constitution and proceedings of any publicly-
owned company so long as it remains in public ownership, not-
withstanding any enactment or other instrument applicable to
the company .
(3) When any company comes into public ownership or
ceases to be in public ownership, the Corporation shall, as soon
as possible thereafter, publish that fact in the London and
Edinburgh Gazettes .
( 4 ) The Corporation shall keep at their principal office a list,
which shall be available for inspection during business hours,
of the companies which are for the time being publicly-owned
companies and of the other companies, to be shown separately,
which are for the time being subsidiaries of the Corporation,
and shall supply a copy of the list to any person on demand and
on the payment of such reasonable charge as the Corporation
may require.
( 5) If any sum required by any judgment or order to be paid
by a company which at the time of the judgment or order is a
publicly-owned company, or has at any time since the cause
of action arose been a publicly-owned company, is not paid by
the company within fourteen days from the date on which
execution becomes leviable to enforce the judgment or order,
the Corporation shall be liable to pay that sum, and that judg-
ment or order shall be enforceable against the Corporation
accordingly.
(6) Where any such sum as is referred to in subsection (5)
above is required to be paid in respect of a liability arising under
a contract made by the company, the cause of action shall be
deemed, for the purposes of that subsection, to have arisen at the
time when the contract was made.
Transfer of
12.-( 1) The Secretary of State may, with respect to a
property etc.
publicly- owned company which was in public ownership on
and dissolution 30th April 1969, by order, vest all or any of its property, rights ,
of publicly-
owned
liabilities and obligations in the Corporation.
companies.
( 2) An order under subsection ( 1 ) above may make such
provision as appears to the Secretary of State to be requisite or
expedient in connection with, or in consequence of, the vesting.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1861
( 3) If at any time it appears to the Secretary of State that a publicly- owned company which was in public ownership on
30th April 1969 is void of property, rights, liabilities and obliga-
tions, he may, by order, dissolve it.
PART I
13.-( 1 ) Except as provided in this section, nothing in this Taxation
Act exempts the Corporation from liability for any tax, duty, liability of
rate, levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local .
Corporation .
( 2) Where a company is formed by the Corporation or the
amount of the capital of a subsidiary of the Corporation is in-
creased, then, if the Treasury are satisfied that the formation of
the company or the increase of capital, as the case may be, is-
( a) for the purpose of giving effect to a direction given by
the Secretary of State by virtue of section 7(2) of the
Iron and Steel Act 1967 or section 4( 2) of this Act or 1967 с. 17.
conclusions reported to the Secretary of State under
section 4 of the said Act of 1967 or section 5( 1) of this
Act; or
(b) for purposes that include that purpose ;
stamp duty shall not be chargeable under section 47 of the
Finance Act 1973 on any document relating to a chargeable 1973 c. 51 .
transaction consisting of the formation of the company or the
increase of capital except to the extent to which, in the opinion
of the Treasury, the transaction goes beyond what is necessary
for achieving that purpose.
( 3) Where, in accordance with arrangements approved by the
Secretary of State for the purposes of section 9 of the Iron and
Steel Act 1969 or this subsection, a publicly- owned company 1969 с. 45.
which was in public ownership on 30th April 1969 ceases to
carry on a trade and the Corporation begin to carry on activities
of that trade as part of their trade, section 252( 3) of the Income
and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (company reconstructions 1970 c. 10.
without change of ownership) shall, in its application to the
company and the Corporation, have effect as if, after the words
carrying on the trade ", there were inserted the words " or66
any trade of which it has come to form part " .
( 4 ) In the event of the dissolution of a company which was
in public ownership both on 30th April 1969 and immediately
before its dissolution, the Corporation shall be entitled to relief
from corporation tax under section 265( 1) of the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (computation of chargeable gains)
for any amount for which the company, had it not been dis-
solved, would have been entitled to claim relief in respect of
allowable losses.
1862 c.64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART II
FINANCE
General
14.-( 1) Subject as provided in subsection (6) below, it shall
financial
duties of the
be the duty of the Corporation so to exercise and perform their
Corporation . functions under this Act as to secure that the combined revenues
of the Corporation and all the publicly- owned companies taken
together are not less than sufficient to meet their combined
charges properly chargeable to revenue account, taking one year
with another.
( 2) The Corporation shall-
( a) charge to revenue account in every year all charges which
are proper to be made to revenue account including,
in particular, proper provision for the depreciation or
renewal of assets and proper allocations to general
reserve ; and
( b) secure that the publicly- owned companies charge to
revenue account in every year all charges which are
proper to be made to revenue account including, in
particular, proper provision for the depreciation or
renewal of assets ;
and in this section " charges properly chargeable to revenue
account " shall be construed in accordance with this subsection.
( 3) If in any financial year of the Corporation the com-
bined revenues of the Corporation and all the publicly-owned
companies taken together ( as shown in the statement prepared
pursuant to section 24( 1) (b) of this Act) exceed their combined
charges properly chargeable to revenue account for that year
( as so shown), it shall be incumbent on the Corporation to
secure that the excess is , to such extent (if any) as the Secretary
of State may direct, applied for such purposes of the Corporation
and of the said companies as he may direct and, subject to that,
is applied for such of those purposes as the Corporation may
determine.
( 4) The Secretary of State may from time time determine,
with the approval of the Treasury and after consultation with the
Corporation, as respects such period as the Secretary of State
may so determine, the rate of return on net assets (as for the
time being defined by the Secretary of State for the purposes of
this subsection) which the Secretary of State considers it is
reasonable for the Corporation to achieve in that period ; and
the Secretary of State may, with the like approval and after
such consultation as aforesaid, vary a determination under this
subsection as respects any period by a further determination .
(5) The Secretary of State shall give notice to the Corporation
of any determination under subsection (4) above.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c . 64
1863
( 6) The Corporation shall conduct their affairs during any
PART II
period as respects which a determination has been made under
subsection ( 4) above with a view to achieving in that period a
rate of return on net assets not less than that specified by the
determination as for the time being in force, and the operation
of subsection ( 1) above shall be suspended during any such
period .
( 7) The Secretary of State may, by order-
(a) substitute for the duty imposed by subsection (6) above,
a financial duty expressed otherwise than by reference
to a rate of return on net assets ; and
( b) for that purpose direct that subsections (4 ) to (6) above
shall have effect subject to such modifications as may
be specified in the order and make such other incidental
and transitional provisions as appear to the Secretary
of State to be necessary or expedient.
15.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to the Corporation's power to General
establish specific reserves, they shall establish and maintain a reserve.
general reserve .
( 2) The management by the Corporation of their general
reserve and the sums to be carried from time to time to the
credit of, and the application of moneys comprised in, that
general reserve shall, subject to the following provisions of this
section, be as the Corporation may determine.
( 3) None of the moneys comprised in the Corporation's
general reserve shall be applied otherwise than for the purposes
of the Corporation or of the publicly-owned companies.
( 4) The power to give directions to the Corporation under
section 4 of this Act shall, notwithstanding the limitation therein
to the giving of directions of a general character, extend to the
giving to them, with the approval of the Treasury, of directions
of a general or specific character as to any matter relating to
the establishment or management of the Corporation's general
reserve or the carrying of sums to the credit of, or the applica-
tion of the moneys comprised in, that general reserve .
16.-( 1) The Corporation may borrow temporarily, by way of Borrowing
overdraft or otherwise, either from the Secretary of State or, with powers of the
the consent of the Secretary of State and the approval of the Corporation
and publicly-
Treasury, from any other person, such sums in sterling as the owned
Corporation may require for-
companies.( a ) meeting their obligations or exercising and performing
their functions under this Act ; or
( b ) lending money temporarily to a publicly- owned
company.
1864 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART II ( 2 ) The Corporation may borrow (otherwise than by way of
temporary loan ) from the Secretary of State, or, with his consent
and the approval of the Treasury, from the Commission of the
European Communities or the European Investment Bank, such
sums in sterling as they may require for all or any of the
following purposes-
(a) the provision of money for meeting any expenses
incurred by the Corporation or a publicly-owned com-
pany in connection with any works the cost of which is
properly chargeable to capital ;
(b) the provision of working capital required by the Corpora-
tion or a publicly-owned company ;
( c ) the acquisition under section 3 of this Act of any interests
in, or property or rights of, a company or the formation
under that section of a company ;
( d ) the lending of money to a publicly- owned company
( otherwise than by way of temporary loan) ;
(e) the repayment of any money borrowed by the Corpoга-
tion ;
( f ) any other purpose for which capital moneys are properly
applicable .
( 3) The Corporation may, with the consent of the Secretary
of State (which shall require the approval of the Treasury),
borrow any sum in a currency other than sterling which they
have power to borrow in sterling from the Secretary of State.
( 4) A publicly-owned company may borrow from the Corpora-
tion such sums (whether in sterling or in any other currency) as
the company may require for the purposes of its undertaking ;
and it may-
( a ) with the consent of the Secretary of State and the
Corporation, borrow by way of temporary loan from
any other person any sum in sterling which it may so
require ; and
( b) with the consent of the Secretary of State and the
Corporation ( which shall require the approval of the
Treasury ) , borrow by way of temporary loan any sum
in a currency other than sterling which it may so
require.
(5) A power to borrow any sum under this section is subject
to the limit imposed by section 19 of this Act, and neither the
Corporation nor a publicly-owned company shall have power to
borrow money except in accordance with this section.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1865
17.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of PART II
the Treasury, lend to the Corporation any sums which the Loans by the
Corporation have power to borrow under subsection ( 1) or ( 2) Secretary of
of section 16 of this Act. State to the
Corporation
and release of
( 2) Any loans which the Secretary of State makes under this liability for
section shall be repaid to him at such times and by such methods, repayment.
and interest thereon shall be paid to him at such rates and at
such times, as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, from
time to time direct.
(3) The Treasury may issue out of the National Loans Fund
to the Secretary of State such sums as are necessary to enable
him to make loans under this section .
( 4 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State under sub-
section ( 2) of this section shall be paid into the National Loans
Fund.
( 5) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, at such time or times as he may with the like consent
determine, release the Corporation from their liability to repay
the whole or any part of any sum borrowed by them before 1st
March 1972 under section 19( 2) of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 1967 c. 17.
( long term loans corresponding to loans under section 16( 2) of
this Act) but not so as to reduce their total indebtedness in
respect of the principal of sums so borrowed by more than
£150 million.
( 6 ) The assets of the National Loans Fund shall be reduced
by amounts corresponding to those which the Corporation cease
to be liable to repay by virtue of subsection (5) above.
18.-( 1 ) Subject to the limit imposed by section 19 of this Other
Act, the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the public
Treasury, pay to the Corporation such sums as he thinks fit.
investment
inthe
Corporation.
( 2) Any sums required by the Secretary of State for making
payments under subsection ( 1) above shall be defrayed out of
moneys provided by Parliament.
( 3) The sum of £500 million shall be deemed to have been
paid by the Secretary of State to the Corporation on 28th July
1967 under subsection (1) above.
( 4 ) Once in each of the Corporation's financial years the Secre-
tary of State may, after consultation with the Corporation and
1866 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART II with the approval of the Treasury, direct that a specified sum
shall be deemed to have been paid by him to the Corporation
under subsection ( 1) above, but any sum so specified in a direc-
tion given in any financial year shall not exceed the aggregate
of the reserves, at the end of the Corporation's last preceding
financial year, of the Corporation and the companies that were
then in public ownership.
(5) The Corporation shall, as respects each of their financial
years, be under obligation either-
(a ) to make to the Secretary of State ( within such reasonable
period as he may determine beginning with the day on
which a copy of the statement of the Corporation's
accounts in respect of the year is sent to him in com-
pliance with section 24(4) of this Act) a proposal for
the payment by them to him of a dividend at a
specified rate per cent. in respect of that year on the
aggregate of-
( i) any sums paid by the Secretary of State to the
Corporation under subsection ( 1) above ; and
(ii) any sums deemed to have been so paid by
virtue of subsection (3) or (4) above ; or
( b) to satisfy him, within that period, that no dividend in
respect of that year ought to be paid on that aggregate ;
and, if the Corporation do not within that period make a
proposal under paragraph ( a) above, or such a proposal accept-
able to the Secretary of State and the Treasury, and do not within
that period satisfy the Secretary of State that no dividend in
respect of that year ought to be paid on that aggregate, he may,
with the approval of the Treasury and after consultation with
the Corporation, direct them to pay to him such a dividend as
aforesaid at such rate per cent. as he specifies .
(6) Where a proposal made in satisfaction of the obligation
imposed by subsection (5) above is accepted by the Secretary of
State or a direction is given under that subsection by him, a
dividend on the aggregate to which the proposal or direction
relates at the rate proposed or directed shall become payable
by the Corporation to the Secretary of State on the expiration
of the period of seven days beginning with the day next following
that on which written notice of acceptance of the proposal is
given to the Corporation or the direction is communicated to
them in writing, as the case may be.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c.64
1867
( 7 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State under sub-
section (6) above shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
PART II
19. The aggregate of the following shall not at any time Limit on
exceed £2,000 million- borrowing
by, and
( a) the amount outstanding in respect of the principal of investment in,
the
any money borrowed under section 16 of this Act by Corporation.
the Corporation, other than money borrowed by them
for the payment off of any part of their commencing
capital debt, being the debt of £ 133,988,359-20 which
the Corporation were treated as having assumed on
28th July 1967 ;
( b) any sums paid by the Secretary of State to the Corpoга-
tion under subsection ( 1) of section 18 of this Act (but
not any sums deemed to have been so paid by virtue
of subsection (3) or (4) of that section) ; and
( c ) the amount outstanding in respect of the principal of
any money borrowed under section 16 of this Act by
the publicly- owned companies, other than money bor-
rowed by them from the Corporation.
20. The Secretary of State shall, as respects each financial Accounts of
year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may ofState.
the Secretary
direct an account of-
( a ) sums received by him under sections 17( 2) and 18(6) of
this Act ;
(b) sums issued to him under section 17(3) of this Act ;
( c ) the disposal by him of any such sums respectively ; and
( d ) sums paid by him under subsection ( 1 ) of section 18 of
this Act (but not sums deemed to have been so paid
by virtue of subsection (3) or (4) of that section) ;
and shall send the account to the Comptroller and Auditor
General not later than the end of November following the year ;
and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify
and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with
his report, before each House of Parliament.
21. ( 1 ) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and Treasury
on such conditions as they may think fit, the repayment of the guarantees.
principal of, and the payment of interest on, any sums which
1868 c.64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART II
the Corporation borrow from a person other than the Secretary
ofState.
(2) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section,
the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each
House of Parliament, and where any sum is issued for fulfilling
a guarantee so given the Treasury shall, as soon as possible after
the end of each financial year beginning with that in which the
sum is issued and ending with that in which all liability in
respect of the principal of the sum and in respect of interest
thereon is finally discharged, lay before each House of Parliament
a statement relating to that sum.
( 3) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling any
guarantee under this section shall be charged on, and issued out
of, the Consolidated Fund.
( 4 ) If any sums are issued in fulfilment of any guarantee
given under this section, the Corporation shall make to the
Treasury, at such times and in such manner as the Treasury
may from time to time direct, payments of such amounts as the
Treasury may so direct in or towards repayment of the sums
so issued, and payments of interest on what is outstanding for
the time being in respect of sums so issued at such rate as the
Treasury may so direct.
(5 ) Any sums received by the Treasury under subsection ( 4 )
above shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
Investment
22.-( 1 ) Any sums in the hands of the Corporation which are
powers ofthe not immediately required for the purposes of their business may
Corporation. be invested in such manner as the Corporation think proper.
(2) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall be taken to authorise
the Corporation to do, without the consent of, or otherwise than
in accordance with the terms of any general authority given
by, the Secretary of State, anything which may be done by them
under section 3 of this Act only with such consent or in accord-
ance with the terms of any such general authority .
Corporation's 23. Each of the Corporation's financial years after the third
financial year. shall, unless a different period is prescribed by order made by
the Secretary of State, be a period beginning with the end of
the last preceding financial year and ending-
(a) if the last day of March next following is a Saturday ,
with that day ; or
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1869
( b) if not , with the Saturday which ( whether falling in PART II
March or April ) falls nearest to the last day of March
next following.
24.-( 1 ) The Corporation shall keep proper accounts and other Accounts
records and shall prepare in such form as the Secretary of State of the
may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct-
Corporation and audit.( a) in respect of each financial year, a statement of the
accounts of the Corporation ;
( b) in respect of each financial year, a consolidated state-
ment of accounts dealing with the state of affairs and
profit or loss of the Corporation and the publicly-owned
companies as a whole ; and
(c ) in respect of a financial year as to which the Secretary
of State, with the approval of the Treasury, directs that
this paragraph shall have effect, a consolidated state-
ment of accounts dealing with the state of affairs and
profit or loss of the Corporation and (according as may
be specified in the direction) their subsidiaries or such of
them as may be so specified.
(2) The Secretary of State may make regulations-
( a) requiring that there shall be stated in, or in a note on
or statement annexed to, the statement referred to in
subsection ( 1) (a) above, such information as may be
specified in the regulations relating to-
(i) bodies which, at a time so specified, are sub-
sidiaries of the Corporation ; and
(ii) assets of the Corporation consisting of shares
in, or amounts owing ( whether on account of a loan
or otherwise ) from, such bodies ;
( b) requiring that there shall be so stated such information
as may be so specified relating to-
(i ) bodies corporate that are not at such time as
aforesaid subsidiaries of the Corporation, in which
shares are, at that time, to such extent as may be so
specified, held by the Corporation ; and
(ii) assets of the Corporation consisting of shares in,
or amounts owing (whether on account of a loan or
otherwise) from, those bodies corporate ;
( c) requiring that there shall be so stated, in such form as
may be so specified, the information supplied by the
Corporation's subsidiaries in compliance with any pro-
vision of the enactments for the time being in force
1870 1948 с. 38.
c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART II
relating to companies imposing on a company a require-
ment to supply information corresponding to any that
may be required to be supplied by the Corporation by
virtue of paragraph (b) above ;
( d ) determining the circumstances in which, for the pur-
poses of any requirement imposed by virtue of para-
graph ( a) or ( b) above, shares in, or amounts owing
from, a body corporate are to be treated as being held
by, or owing to, the Corporation ;
(e) granting exemption in circumstances so specified from a
requirement imposed by virtue of paragraph (a ) or (b)
above ;
( f ) making such provision supplementary to any require-
ment imposed by virtue of paragraph (a) or (b) above
as the Secretary of State thinks necessary or expedient.
( 3) The accounts of the Corporation shall be audited by
auditors appointed by the Secretary of State, and a person shall
not be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of
one or more of the following bodies : -
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
The Association of Certified Accountants ;
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
Any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the
purposes of section 161( 1)( a) of the Companies Act
1948 by the Secretary of State ;
but a Scottish firm may be so appointed if each of the partners
is qualified to be so appointed .
( 4 ) So soon as the accounts of the Corporation have been
audited, the Corporation shall send to the Secretary of State-
( a) a copy of the statement referred to in subsection ( 1 ) (a)
above and of any note or statement required by virtue
of subsection ( 2) above to be placed thereon or annexed
thereto, together with a copy of any report made by the
auditors on the statement so referred to ;
( b) copies of the accounts of each of the publicly- owned
companies prepared in accordance with the Companies
Act 1948 (as amended by any subsequent enactment,
whether passed before or after the passing of this Act)
and a copy of the report of the directors of each such
company, but so that where group accounts within the
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c . 64
meaning of that Act are prepared by any company it PART II
shall not be necessary for a copy of the accounts of any
subsidiary dealt with in those group accounts or of the
report of the directors of the subsidiary to be sent to the
Secretary of State ;
(c) a copy of the consolidated statement referred to in sub-
section ( 1 ) (b) above, together with a copy of any report
made by the auditors on that statement ; and
(d) if the first -mentioned accounts are in respect of a
financial year in respect of which the Corporation are
required to prepare a consolidated statement of
accounts under subsection ( 1) (c ) above, a copy of that
consolidated statement, together with a copy of any
report made by the auditors on that statement.
( 5) In subsection (4) above any reference to the report of the
directors of a company is a reference to the report of the directors
of the company which, by section 157 of the Companies Act 1948 c. 38.
1948, is required to be attached to every balance sheet of the
company laid before it in general meeting.
(6) The Secretary of State shall lay a copy of every such state-
ment, note, account and report before each House of Parliament.
(7) The Corporation shall keep at their principal office copies,
which shall be available for inspection during business hours, of
any statement of information supplied by the Corporation in
compliance with a requirement imposed by virtue of subsection
( 2) above, and shall supply a copy of the statement to any
person on demand and on payment of such reasonable charge as
the Corporation may require.
1871
PART III
IRON AND STEEL ARBITRATION TRIBUNAL
25.-( 1 ) There shall continue to be a tribunal called the Iron Iron and Steel
and Steel Arbitration Tribunal (in this Act referred to as " the Arbitration
arbitration tribunal ") for the purpose of determining any question Tribunal.
or dispute which under, or by virtue of, any provision of this
Act, or of any regulations made under any such provision, is
expressly required to be determined by arbitration under this Act
or any matter in respect of which jurisdiction is given to the
arbitration tribunal by virtue of any such provision.
( 2) The arbitration tribunal shall, subject to subsection (9)
below, hear and determine every question, dispute or matter
referred to in subsection ( 1) above.
1872 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART III ( 3) Where any question, dispute or matter referred to in sub-
section ( 1) above arises out of, or in connection with, the
transfer of the securities of any company, or in connection with
the recovery of assets of any company, or in connection with
any transaction of any company then, if the principal place
of business of the company, or the principal place at which the
works comprised in the business are situated, as the case may be,
is in Scotland, the proceedings before the arbitration tribunal
in respect of that question, dispute or matter shall, subject to
the provisions of this section, be treated as Scottish proceedings.
Any such proceedings are hereafter in this Part of this Act
referred to as " Scottish proceedings " .
( 4) The arbitration tribunal shall, as the Lord Chancellor may
direct, either sit as a single tribunal or sit in two or more divisions,
and shall, for the hearing of any proceedings, be constituted
as follows : -
( a) one member, who shall be the president of the arbitra-
tion tribunal, shall be a barrister or solicitor, except
that, in the case of Scottish proceedings, he shall be
an advocate or solicitor who has practised in Scotland ;
(b) there shall be two other members of whom one shall
be a person of experience in business and the other shall
be a person of experience in finance.
(5) The members of the arbitration tribunal shall be appointed
by the Lord Chancellor, except that any member or members
appointed for the hearing of Scottish proceedings shall be
appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session .
( 6 ) Any member appointed by the Lord President of the Court
of Session shall only act in relation to Scottish proceedings .
( 7 ) The members of the arbitration tribunal shall hold office for
such period as may be determined at the time of their respective
appointments and shall be eligible for reappointment, but-
(a ) a member may at any time by not less than one month's
notice in writing to the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord
President of the Court of Session, as the case may be,
resign his office ;
(b) the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord President of the Court
of Session, as the case may be, may declare the office
of any member vacant on the ground that he is unfit to
continue in his office ;
( c) if any member becomes bankrupt or makes a composi-
tion with his creditors his office shall thereupon become
vacant.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 с .64
1873
( 8) If by reason of illness or other infirmity any member of
PART III
the arbitration tribunal becomes temporarily incapable of per-
forming the duties of his office, the Lord Chancellor, or the
Lord President of the Court of Session, as the case may be, shall
appoint some other fit person to discharge his duties for any
period not exceeding six months at one time, and the person so
appointed shall, during that period, have the same powers as the
person in whose place he was appointed.
(9) The arbitration tribunal may, at any stage in any proceed-
ings before them, refer to a person or persons appointed by
them for the purpose, for inquiry and report, any question arising
in the proceedings, not being a question which in the opinion of
the tribunal is primarily one of law, and the report of any such
person or persons may be adopted wholly or partly by the tribunal
and, if so adopted, may be incorporated in an order of the
tribunal.
26.-( 1 ) The arbitration tribunal shall be a court of record Procedure and
and have an official seal, which shall be judicially noticed, and enforcement
any order of the tribunal shall be enforceable in England and of orders.
Wales as if it were an order of the High Court.
( 2) The provisions of the Arbitration Act 1950 with respect 1950 c. 27.
to-
( a) the administration of oaths and the taking of affirma-
tions ;
(b ) the correction in awards of mistakes and errors ;
( c ) the summoning, attendance and examination of wit-
nesses and the production of documents ; and
( d ) the costs of the reference and award ;
shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in respect of any
proceedings before the arbitration tribunal, but except as pro-
vided in this subsection that Act shall not apply to any such
proceedings.
(3) The arbitration tribunal may, and, if so ordered by the
Court of Appeal, shall, state in the form of a special case for
determination by the Court of Appeal any question of law
which may arise before them.
( 4) Subject to the provisions of this section, the procedure in,
or in connection with, any proceedings before the arbitration
tribunal shall be such as may be determined by rules to be made
by the Lord Chancellor.
( 5) In relation to Scottish proceedings, this section shall have
effect subject to the following modifications-
( a ) for subsections ( 2) and (3) there shall be substituted the
following subsections-
" (2) The arbitration tribunal shall have the like
1874 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART III
Transfer of
proceedings
between
England and
Scotland.
Staff and
expenses of
the arbitration
tribunal.
powers for securing the attendance of witnesses and
the production of documents, and with regard to
the examination of witnesses on oath and the award-
ing of expenses, as if the arbitration tribunal were an
arbiter under a submission.
(2A ) An order of the arbitration tribunal may be
recorded for execution in the books of Council
and Session and may be enforced accordingly.
(3) The arbitration tribunal may, and, if so directed
by the Court of Session, shall, state a case for the
opinion of that Court on any question of law arising
in the proceedings .
( 3A) An appeal shall lie, with the leave of the
Court of Session or of the House of Lords, from any
decision of the Court of Session under this sub-
section, and that leave may be given on such terms
as to costs or otherwise as the Court of Session or
the House of Lords may determine. " ;
(b) in subsection (4) for the reference to the Lord Chan-
cellor there shall be substituted a reference to the
Lord Advocate ;
and in the case of any such proceedings, the tribunal shah,
except in so far as for special reasons they think fit not to do so,
sit in Scotland .
27.-( 1 ) If, at any stage in any proceedings before the arbitra-
tion tribunal which would not otherwise fall to be treated as
Scottish proceedings, the tribunal are satisfied that, by reason of
the fact that questions of Scottish law arise or for any other
reason, the proceedings ought thereafter to be treated as Scottish
proceedings, the tribunal may order that they shall thereafter
be so treated, and the provisions of this Part of this Act shall
have effect accordingly.
( 2) If, at any stage in any proceedings before the arbitration
tribunal which would otherwise be treated as Scottish proceed-
ings, the tribunal are satisfied that, by reason of the fact that
questions of English law arise or for any other reason, the pro-
ceedings ought not to be treated as Scottish proceedings, they
may make an order that the proceedings shall thereafter not be
treated as Scottish proceedings, and the provisions of this Part
of this Act shall have effect accordingly.
28.-( 1 ) The arbitration tribunal may, subject to the consent
of the Minister for the Civil Service as to numbers, appoint such
officers as they consider necessary for assisting them in the proper
execution of their duties .
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c.64
1875
( 2) There shall be paid to the members of the arbitration
PART III
tribunal and to any such officer as aforesaid such remuneration
( whether by way of salaries or fees) and such allowances as the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the said Minister,
determine.
(3) There shall be paid to any person to whom proceedings
are referred by the arbitration tribunal under section
25( 9) of this Act for inquiry and report such remuneration
( whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the
tribunal may, with the approval of the said Minister, determine.
( 4) Any remuneration and allowances payable under sub-
section (2) or (3) above and any other expenses of the arbitration
tribunal shall be defrayed in the first instance by the Secretary
of State out of moneys provided by Parliament, but the amounts
from time to time so paid by him shall be repaid on demand
to the Secretary of State by the Corporation and shall be paid by
him into the Consolidated Fund.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
29.-( 1 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the pro- Power of the
cessing of iron or steel by a process which, on 22nd March Secretary of
1967, was not being applied by persons carrying on business State to
extend
in Great Britain, or was not, in his opinion, being so applied to definition of
a substantial extent, ought to be treated as included in Schedule iron and steel
3 to this Act, he may, by order, provide that the processing of activities .
iron or steel by that process shall be deemed, for the purposes of
this Act, to be included in that Schedule.
(2) An order under subsection ( 1) above with respect to a
process shall not be made by the Secretary of State except after
consultation with-
( a ) the Corporation ;
( b) such organisations as appear to him to be representative
of the interests of persons carrying on business in
Great Britain who apply that process ; and
( c ) such organisations as appear to him to be representa-
tive of the interests of persons employed in Great
Britain in applying that process.
30. In planning and carrying out, or securing the planning Consultation
and carrying out of, any programme of capital development or with respect to
reorganisation of activities relating to carbonisation , the Cor- carbonisation development
poration shall consult with the National Coal Board ; and , inbetween the
planning and carrying out any such programme in respect of Corporation
their activities relating to carbonisation, the National Coal Board and the
such consent, oppose any Bill in Parliament or any such order . NationalCoal Board.
1876 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART IV
Power of the
Secretary of
State to
require
information
from iron
and steel
producers.
False
information.
Restriction of
disclosure of
information.
31.-( 1 ) For the purpose of obtaining forecasts reasonably
required by him for the exercise and performance of his functions
under this Act, the Secretary of State may, by notice in writing
served on the producer, require an iron and steel producer
( other than the Corporation or a publicly-owned company) to
supply the Secretary of State with such forecasts with respect
to his output of , and capacity to produce, such iron and steel
products as may be specified in the notice ; and any such notice
may require any forecasts specified therein to be supplied in
such manner and within such time as may be specified in the
notice, and either periodically or on one occasion or more.
( 2) A person who fails to satisfy an obligation to which he
is subject by, or by virtue of, subsection (1) above shall, unless
he proves that he had reasonable excuse for the failure, be guilty
of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not
exceeding £50, or in the case of a second or subsequent convic-
tion to a fine not exceeding £200.
32. A person who-
( a) in purported compliance with a requirement imposed
under any provision of this Act or of regulations under
this Act to supply information, supplies any informa-
tion which he knows to be false in a material particular
or recklessly supplies any information which is so
false ; or
( b) in purported compliance with a requirement so imposed
to supply a copy of, or extract from, a book of account,
record or document, supplies a document purporting to
be such a copy or extract but which he knows to differ
in a material particular from the book, record or
document of which it purports to be a copy or, as the
case may be, from the passage in which it purports to
consist, or recklessly supplies a document purporting
to be such a copy or extract but which so differs ;
shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable-
( i) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding £100,
or to both ;
(ii) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both.
33.-( 1 ) No information obtained under this Act shall be
disclosed except-
( a) with the consent of the person by whom it was supplied
or, as the case may be, carrying on the undertaking
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1877
or business to which the books, records or other docu-
PART IV
ments from which it was obtained related ; or
( b) in the form of a summary of information supplied by,
or obtained from documents relating to undertakings
or businesses carried on by, a number of persons, being
a summary so framed as not to enable particulars
relating to the business of individual persons to be
ascertained therefrom ; or
( c) for the purpose of enabling the Corporation or the
Secretary of State to discharge their or his functions
under this Act ; or
( d ) with a view to the institution of, or otherwise for the
purposes of, any criminal proceedings pursuant to, or
arising out of, this Act.
( 2) Nothing contained in a forecast obtained under this Act
shall be disclosed except-
( a ) with the consent of the person by whom the forecast
was supplied ;
( b) in the form of a summary of forecasts supplied by a
number of persons, being a summary framed as men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) (b) above ;
( c) for such a purpose as is mentioned in subsection (1)(c)
above ; or
( d ) as mentioned in subsection ( 1)( d ) above.
( 3) If a disclosure is made by a person in contravention of
subsection ( 1) or (2) above he shall be guilty of an offence and
liable-
( a ) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding
£100, or to both ;
(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both.
34.-( 1 ) Where an offence under section 32 or 33 of this Act Offences by
which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to bodies
have been committed with the consent or connivance of, corporate.
or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director,
manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate,
or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity,
he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence
and shall be liable to be proceeded against accordingly.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above " director " in relation to the
Corporation or any other body corporate established by or
1878 Regulations,
orders and
rules.
c.64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART IV Service of
documents.
under an enactment for the purpose of carrying on under
national ownership an industry or part of an industry or
undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed
by the members thereof, means a member of the Corporation
or that other body corporate, as the case may be.
35. Any notice authorised to be served under section 31 of
this Act, or any other document required or authorised to be
given, delivered or served by or under any regulations made
under, or having effect by virtue of , this Act may, without
prejudice to any provisions in that behalf of any such regulations,
be given, delivered or served either-
( a ) by delivering it to the person to whom it is to be
given or delivered or on whom it is to be served ; or
( b) by leaving it at the usual or last known address of that
person ; or
( c ) by sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to that
person at his usual or last known address ; or
( d ) in the case of an incorporated company or body or
the arbitration tribunal, by delivering it to the secretary
or clerk of the company, body or tribunal at their
registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid
letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the com-
pany, body or tribunal at that office ; or
(e ) if it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to
ascertain the name or address of a person to whom
it should be given or delivered, or on whom it should
be served, as being a person having any interest in
premises, by addressing it to him by the description
of the person having that interest in the premises
( naming them ) to which it relates, and delivering it
to some responsible person on the premises, or affixing
it, or a copy of it , to some conspicuous part of the
premises.
36.-( 1 ) Any power conferred by this Act to make regula-
tions, any power conferred by this Act to make an order, and
the power conferred by section 26(4 ) of this Act to make rules
shall be exercisable by statutory instrument .
( 2) A statutory instrument which contains an order under
section 4(5), 6( 3) or 23 of this Act, or any regulations or rules
(except regulations under Schedule 4 to this Act), shall be sub-
ject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House
of Parliament.
( 3) No order shall be made under section 14(7) or 29( 1 ) of
this Act, and no regulations shall be made under paragraph
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1879
2 of Schedule 4 to this Act, unless a draft thereof has been laid
before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each
House of Parliament .
( 4 ) No order shall be made under section 12(1) or (3) of this
Act unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament.
( 5) The power conferred by each of sections 4(5), 6(3) and
23 of this Act to make an order shall include power, exercis-
able in the like manner, to vary or revoke an order .
PART IV
37. (1 ) In this Act-
Interpretation.
" the arbitration tribunal " has the meaning assigned by
section 25( 1 ) of this Act ;
"
company " means a company within the meaning of the
Companies Act 1948 and a body incorporated by 1948 с. 38.
royal charter ;
66
consumer " , in relation to any products, means a person
who uses those products for manufacturing purposes
or is engaged in the merchanting of those products ;
" the Corporation " has the meaning assigned by section 1( 1)
of this Act ;
" emoluments " includes any allowances, privileges or bene-
fits , whether obtaining legally or by customary
practice ;
" financial year " -
( a) in relation to the Corporation, means the
period prescribed by or under section 23 of this Act ;
and
( b) in relation to any publicly-owned company,
means the period for which the accounts of the
company are made up for the purpose of being
laid before its annual meeting whether that period
is a year or not ;
" functions " means duties and powers ;
" iron and steel activities " means the activities described
in Schedule 3 to this Act ;
" iron and steel producer ود
means a person carrying on in
Great Britain a business comprising any iron and steel
activities ;
" iron and steel products " means products of any iron and
steel activities ;
" iron ore " means ore containing not less than one fifth
part by weight of iron ;
ود
" manufacturing purposes includes the carrying out of
building operations and works of construction or civil
1880 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
PART IV
1948 с. 38.
1961 с. 34.
engineering and the treatment of products by any
process ;
" pension ", in relation to any person, means a pension,
whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever
payable to, or in respect of, him, and includes a
gratuity so payable and a return of contributions to a
pension fund, with or without interest thereon or any
other addition thereto ;
" products ", in relation to any activities, means the direct
products of those activities and does not include any
by- products thereof ;
ود
" publicly-owned company means a company which for
the time being qualifies for inclusion in any group of
bodies corporate as respects which the following con-
ditions are for the time being fulfilled-
(a) every body corporate of the group is either
the Corporation or a subsidiary of the Corporation ;
and
(b) every member of every company in the group
is either the Corporation or another company in
the group or a nominee of the Corporation or of a
company in the group ;
and " public ownership ", in relation to any company,
shall be construed accordingly ;
" subsidiary " shall be construed in accordance with section
154 of the Companies Act 1948, and " wholly- owned
subsidiary " shall be construed in accordance with
section 150( 4) of that Act ;
" works " means-
( a) any factory (within the meaning of the
Factories Act 1961 ) ;
( b) any mine or quarry ; or
( c ) any premises used by way of trade or business
for the purposes of the storage, transport or distri-
bution of any articles or for the supply of electricity
or other forms of power ;
together with any machinery or equipment installed in
any factory, mine, quarry or premises as aforesaid and
any land occupied for the purposes thereof , but does
not include any factory, mine, quarry, premises or land
outside Great Britain.
(2) Reference in this Act to a person employed by a company
does not include reference to a director of the company whose
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1881
functions are not substantially those of a managing director or an employee.
(3) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be
construed as references to that enactment as amended by or
under any other enactment, including this Act.
PART IV
38.-( 1 ) The transitional provisions and savings in Schedule 6 Transitional
to this Act shall have effect. provisions,
savings,
( 2) In section 15(1) of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 (the amendment
making of regulations modifying sections 1 to 14 of that Act and repeals .
in their application to publicly-owned companies), for the words 1951 c. 60.
" the Iron and Steel Act 1949 " there shall be substituted the
words " the Iron and Steel Act 1975 " .
( 3) Subject to the provisions of the said Schedule 6, the
enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act are hereby
repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule.
( 4 ) The inclusion in this Act of any express transitional
provision, saving or amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing
the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 c. 63.
( effect of repeals) .
39.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Iron and Steel Act Short title,
1975. extent and
commence-
( 2) Without prejudice to the capacity of the Corporation ment.
under section 3 of this Act, the following provisions only of
this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland-
sections 12( 1 ) and (2), 13( 3) and (4), 36(1) and (4 ), 37
and 38( 1 ) , (3) and (4) and this section, paragraphs 1 to 3
and 10 of Schedule 6 and Schedule 7.
(3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the
period of one month beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
2 F
1882 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
Section 1.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS AS TO THE CORPORATION
Deputy chairman
1. The Secretary of State may appoint one or more members of
the Corporation to be deputy chairman or deputy chairmen of the
Corporation.
Terms of office of members
2.- ( 1) Every member of the Corporation shall hold and vacate
his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall,
on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment.
( 2) Any member may at any time by notice in writing to the
Secretary of State resign his office .
3 .- ( 1 ) Before appointing a person to be a member of the Corpora-
tion, the Secretary of State shall satisfy himself that that person
will have no such financial or other interest as is likely to affect
prejudicially the exercise or performance by him of his functions
as a member of the Corporation.
(2 ) The Secretary of State shall from time to time satisfy himself
with respect to every member of the Corporation that he has no such
interest as is referred to in sub- paragraph (1) above.
( 3) Any person whom the Secretary of State proposes to appoint
as, and who has consented to be, a member of the Corporation,
and any member of the Corporation, shall, whenever requested by
the Secretary of State to do so, supply him with such information as
the Secretary of State considers necessary for the performance by the
Secretary of State of his duties under this paragraph .
4.- (1) A member of the Corporation who is in any way directly
or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made
by the Corporation, or in any contract made or proposed to be made
by a subsidiary of the Corporation, which is brought up for con-
sideration by the Corporation, shall, as soon as possible after the
relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, declare the
nature of his interest-
(a) if he is the chairman, to the Secretary of State ;
( b ) if he is not the chairman, to the chairman ;
( c ) in any case, at a meeting of the Corporation.
( 2 ) After a member has made a declaration under sub -paragraph
(1) above in respect of any contract he shall not take part in any
deliberation or decision of the Corporation with respect to the
contract.
( 3) A declaration made in pursuance of sub-paragraph (1)(c) above
shall be recorded in the minutes of the Corporation.
Iron and Steel Act 1975 с.64
1883
Meetings and proceedings
5. The Corporation may act notwithstanding a vacancy among their
members.
6.- (1 ) The quorum of the Corporation shall be such number
as the Corporation may from time to time determine, being-
( a ) not less than five if the number of the members of the
Corporation exceeds ten ; and
( b ) not less than three if the number of the members does not
exceed ten.
(2) Where any member is disqualified from taking part in any
deliberation or decision of the Corporation with respect to any
matter he shall be disregarded for the purpose of constituting a
quorum of the Corporation for deliberating on or deciding that
matter.
( 3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph the
Corporation may regulate their own procedure.
SCH. 1
Remuneration, pensions, etc. of members
7. The Corporation-
(a ) shall pay to their members such remuneration (whether
by way of salaries or fees) and such allowances as the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Minister
for the Civil Service, determine ; and
( b ) as regards any members in whose case the Secretary of
State may, with the approval of the said Minister, so
determine, shall make provision for, or pay to or in respect
of them, such pensions as may be so determined.
8. If-
(a) a determination by the Secretary of State under paragraph
7 above involves any departure from the terms of the state-
ment of the remuneration and allowances payable to the
members of the Corporation first laid before each House
of Parliament under section 1(10 ) of the Iron and Steel 1949 c. 72.
Act 1949, as having effect in accordance with section 1( 6 )
of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 ; or
1967 с. 17 .
(b) a determination by him under that paragraph relates to the
payment of , or to payment towards the provision of, a
pension to, or in respect of , any member of the Corpora-
tion ;
the Secretary of State shall as soon as possible after the determina-
tion lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.
Compensation for loss of office
9. Where a person ceases, otherwise than on the expiry of his
term of office, to be a member of the Corporation, and it appears
to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances which
2F2
1884 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH. 1
make it right that that person should receive compensation, the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service, require the Corporation to make to that person a
payment of such amount as may be determined by the Secretary of
State with the like approval.
Officers
10. The Corporation shall appoint a secretary and may
mayappoint
such other officers and such servants as they may determine.
Sealing of instruments
11. The fixing of the seal of the Corporation shall be authenticated
by the signature of the secretary of the Corporation or of some other
person authorised, either generally or specially, by the Corporation
to act for that purpose.
12. Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by
the Corporation and to be sealed as aforesaid or signed on behalf
of the Corporation shall be received in evidence and be deemed
to be such an instrument without further proof unless the contrary
is shown.
Section 5.
SCHEDULE 2
INFORMATION RESPECTING CLASSES OF BUSINESS
1. This Schedule applies to business of a kind which consists
wholly or mainly in activities other than iron or steel activities and,
for the purposes of this Schedule, classes of business that do not
differ substantially from each other shall be treated as one class of
business.
2.- ( 1 ) If a body in the group consisting of the Corporation and the
publicly- owned companies has, in the course of a financial year of
the body ending after such date as the Secretary of State may
determine for the purposes of this paragraph, carried on business
of a kind to which this Schedule applies or business of that kind
of two or more classes, the Corporation shall determine the amount
of the turnover of the body for that financial year in respect of
business of that kind or of each of those classes, as the case may
be.
( 2) Where the amount of that turnover in respect of business of that
kind or of any of those classes, as the case may be, is determined
by the Corporation to have exceeded £250,000, there shall be con-
tained, in the report which the Corporation are required to make
under section 5( 4 ) of this Act (being, if the body referred to in sub-
paragraph ( 1) above is the Corporation, the report which they are so
required to make next after the end of the financial year therein
referred to and, if the body is a publicly-owned company, the report
which the Corporation are so required to make next after the end
of the financial year of the Corporation with or within which the
first-mentioned financial year ends), a statement of-
( a ) the amount of that turnover ;
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1885
( b) the extent or approximate extent (expressed, in either case,
in monetary terms ), as determined by the Corporation, to
which the carrying on by the body of business of that kind
or class, as the case may be, contributed to, or restricted.
the profit or loss of the body for the financial year of the
body before taxation ;
( c ) the extent or approximate extent, as so determined, to which
capital moneys were, in the course of that financial year,
employed in the carrying on by the body of business of
that kind or class, as the case may be ; and
( d ) such further information, if any, relating to the carrying on
by the body of business of that kind or class, as the case
may be, as the Secretary of State may from time to time
direct .
3.- (1 ) If, in the course of a financial year of the Corporation end-
ing after such date as the Secretary of State may determine for the
purposes of this paragraph, any two or more bodies in the group
consisting of the Corporation and the publicly- owned companies have
carried on business of a kind to which this Schedule applies or
business of that kind of two or more classes, the Corporation shall
determine the amount of the turnover of those bodies as a whole
for that financal year in respect of business of that kind or of each
of those classes, as the case may be.
( 2) Where the amount of that turnover in respect of business of that
kind or of any of those classes, as the case may be, is determined by
the Corporation to have exceeded £1,000,000, there shall be con-
tained, in the report which the Corporation are required to make
under section 5( 4 ) of this Act next after the end of the financial year
referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above, a statement of-
( a ) the amount of that turnover ;
(b) the extent or approximate extent (expressed, in either case,
in monetary terms), as determined by the Corporation, to
which the carrying on by the bodies therein referred to of
business of that kind or class, as the case may be, con-
tributed to, or restricted, the profit or loss of the Corporation
and the publicly- owned companies as a whole for that
financial year ;
( c) the extent or approximate extent, as so determined, to which
capital moneys were, in the course of that year, employed in
the carrying on by those bodies as a whole of business
of that kind or class, as the case may be ;
(d ) such further information, if any, relating to the carrying on
by those bodies of business of that kind or class, as the
case may be, as the Secretary of State may from time to time
direct.
4. Each report made by the Corporation under section 5( 4) of this
Act after they are required to make a determination in pursuance
of paragraph 2 or 3 above shall contain a statement of the method
or, if more than one method is used, of each method, by which
turnover is determined by the Corporation for the purposes of that
2F3
SCH. 2
1886 Sections 6, 29
and37.
c . 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH . 2
paragraph ; and, in any such report containing a statement made in
pursuance of either of those paragraphs, there shall be stated with
respect to each matter involving a determination by the Corporation
( other than the determination of an amount of turnover ) the method
by which that determination is arrived at.
5. The method used in arriving at a determination in any case for
the purposes of paragraph 2(2)(c) above, and that used in arriving at a
determination in any case for the purposes of paragraph 3( 2)(c) above,
shall be such as, when examined in conjunction with the determina-
tion made, in the first-mentioned case, in pursuance of paragraph
2(2)(b) above and that made, in the second- mentioned case, in pursu-
ance of paragraph 3(2)(b) above, will give a true and fair view of the
relationship in those cases respectively between capital employed
and profits made or loss incurred.
6. The Corporation shall not be required , by virtue of this Schedule,
to supply information which is supplied in any statement, note,
account or report sent by the Corporation to the Secretary of State
in pursuance of section 24( 4) of this Act, or in any statistics or return
published in pursuance of a direction given under section 6( 4) of this
Act.
7. The Secretary of State may from time to time direct that this
Schedule, or a provision thereof, shall not apply to business of a
class or description specified in the direction ; and if the Secretary
of State gives a direction under this paragraph, that fact, and the
class or description of business to which the direction relates, shall
be stated in each report made under section 5( 4) of this Act so long as
that direction is in force.
8. The Secretary of State may from time to time vary the amount
by reference to which it is to be determined, under paragraph 2 or 3
above, whether a statement is to be contained in a report, and may
fix different amounts under this paragraph for different purposes .
SCHEDULE 3
IRON AND STEEL ACTIVITIES
1. The quarrying or mining of iron ore or the treatment or pre-
paration of iron ore for smelting.
2. The smelting of iron ore in a blast furnace with or without
other metalliferous materials, or the production of iron by any other
process.
3. The production of steel by any process .
4. The casting of iron or steel by any process .
5. The rolling, with or without heat, of any iron and steel products
for the purpose of reducing the cross-sectional area thereof.
6. The production, with or without heat, of iron or steel forgings ,
but not including-
(a ) smiths' hand forging ;
(b ) the production of bolts, nuts, screws, rivets or springs ;
( c ) drop forging or any other stamping or pressing involving
the use either of a die conforming to the shape of the final
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
product of the stamping or pressing, or of a series of dies
one of which so conforms ;
( d ) the hammering or pressing of any part or component of
plant or machinery carried out incidentally to, and by the
persons engaged in, the manufacture or repair of the plant
or machinery in which the part or component is to be
incorporated.
7. The production from iron or steel of bright bars or of hot-
finished tubes or of hot- finished pipes.
8. The production of tinplate or terneplate.
The production of pig iron and the production of steel in the form
of ingots, slabs, blooms or billets shall be deemed not to fall within
paragraph 4 of this Schedule but to fall within paragraph 2 or 3 there-
of, as the case may be.
SCHEDULE 4
PENSION RIGHTS AND COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYEES
Provisions as to pension rights
1. (1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations for all or
any of the following purposes-
(a ) for providing pensions to, or in respect of, persons who are
or have been employed by the Corporation or the Iron and
Steel Board or a company which has come into public
ownership ;
(b ) for the establishment and administration of pension schemes
and pension funds for the purposes of paragraph (a) above ;
( c ) for the continuance, amendment, repeal or revocation of
existing pension schemes relating to the like purposes, what-
ever the date on which they came into force, and of enact-
ments relating thereto and of trust deeds, rules or other
instruments made for the purposes thereof ;
( d ) for the transfer in whole or in part, or for the extinguish-
ment, of liabilities under any such existing pension schemes ;
(e ) for the transfer in whole or in part, or winding up, of
pension funds held for the purposes of any such existing
pension schemes ; and
( f ) for making any provision consequential on any such pro-
vision as aforesaid, including provision for the dissolution
or winding up of bodies, whether incorporated or not,
whose continued existence is unnecessary having regard to
the regulations .
( 2 ) Nothing in sub-paragraph (1)(b) to (e) above shall be taken
to authorise the diversion of any funds referred to therein to pur-
poses other than those of sub- paragraph (1)(a) above .
( 3) Where provision is made by any such regulations for-
(a ) the amendment, repeal or revocation of any existing pen-
sion scheme , or of any enactment relating thereto, or any
2F4
1887
SCH. 3
Section 8.
1888 c . 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH.
1949 с. 72.
1967 с. 17.
trust deed, rules or other instrument made for the purposes
thereof : or
( b ) for the transfer or extinguishment of any liability under
any pension scheme ; or
( c ) for the transfer or winding up of any pension fund held for
the purposes of any such scheme ;
the regulations shall be so framed as to secure that persons having
pension rights under the scheme, whether or not they are persons
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1) (a) above, are not placed in any
worse position by reason of the amendment, repeal, revocation,
transfer, extinguishment or winding up.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraph ( 3) above shall have effect subject to such
limitations as the Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe
for meeting cases in which, in connection with any provision made
by the Iron and Steel Act 1949 or the Iron and Steel Act 1967,
or in anticipation of the making of any provision by the said Act
of 1967, pension rights were created otherwise than in the ordinary
course.
( 5 ) Regulations made under this paragraph shall not be invalid
by reason that they do not secure that persons having pension
rights are not placed in any worse position by reason of any such
amendment, repeal, revocation, transfer, extinguishment or winding
up as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (3) above, but if the Secretary
of State is satisfied, or it is determined as hereinafter mentioned,
that any such regulations have failed to secure that result, the
Secretary of State shall as soon as possible make the necessary
amending regulations .
Any dispute arising as to whether or not the said result has
been secured by any regulations made under this paragraph shall
be referred to, and determined by, an industrial tribunal.
( 6 ) Where, by reason of any such amendment, repeal, revocation,
transfer, extinguishment or winding up as is mentioned in sub-
paragraph (3) above, loss is suffered by any person ( not being a
publicly-owned company) liable as an employer to make contribu-
tions, or to pay pensions, under the existing pension scheme in
question, the Corporation shall pay compensation to that person
in respect of that loss, and the amount thereof shall, in default of
agreement between the Corporation and that person, be determined
by arbitration under this Act.
( 7 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions
of this paragraph, regulations made under this paragraph may
contain provisions authorising the treatment of any person who,
being a participant in any pension scheme to which the regulations
relate , becomes a member of the Corporation as if his service as
a member of the Corporation were service as an employee of
the Corporation, and the pension rights of any such person resulting
from the operation of any such provision shall not be affected by
the provisions of paragraph 7( b ) of Schedule 1 to this Act which
require that the pensions, if any, which are to be paid in the case
of certain members of the Corporation are to be determined by
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c . 64
1889
the Secretary of State with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service.
( 8) Regulations made under this paragraph may contain such
supplementary and consequential provisions as the Secretary of State
thinks necessary, including provisions as to the manner in which
questions arising under the regulations are to be determined and
provisions adapting, modifying or repealing enactments, whether of
general or special application.
( 9) Regulations made under this paragraph may be made so as
to have effect from a date prior to their being made, but so much
of any regulations as provides that any provision is to have effect
from such a prior date shall not place any person, other than
the Corporation or a publicly-owned company, in a worse position
than he would have been if the regulations had been made to
have effect only as from the date on which they were made.
SCH. 4
Compensation to employees in connection with transfers
2.- (1 ) The Secretary of State shall by regulations require-
( a ) the payment either by the Corporation or the company, in
such cases and to such extent as may be specified in
the regulations, of compensation to persons employed by
any company whose securities vested in the Corporation
by virtue of the Iron and Steel Act 1949 or the Iron and 1949 c. 72.
Steel Act 1967 or any company which came into public 1967 c. 17.
ownership on the date on which those securities so vested
and in consequence of that vesting, being persons who suffer
loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments
or pension rights in consequence of-
( i ) the company becoming a publicly-owned company ;
or
(ii ) effect being given to a direction given by the
Secretary of State by virtue of section 7( 2) of the said Act
of 1967 or section 4(2) of this Act ; or
(iii ) effect being given to conclusions reported to the
Secretary of State under section 4 of the said Act of 1967
or section 5(1 ) of this Act ; and
(b ) the payment by the Corporation, in such cases and to such
extent as may be specified in the regulations, of-
(i ) compensation to persons employed by the Iron and
Steel Board who suffer loss of employment, or loss
or diminution of emoluments or pension rights, in
consequence of the dissolution of that board ; or
(ii ) compensation to persons employed by the Corpora-
tion or a publicly-owned company who suffer loss of
employment , or loss or diminution of emoluments or
pension rights, in consequence of the making of an order
under section 8 of the Iron and Steel Act 1969 or section 1969 с. 45.
12(1) or (3) of this Act.
( 2 ) Different regulations may be made under this paragraph in
relation to different classes of persons.
1890 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH . 4
Section 11 .
1948 с. 38.
( 3) Regulations made under this paragraph may be made so as to
have effect from a date prior to their being made, but so much of
any regulations as provides that any provision is to have effect from
such a prior date shall not place any person, other than the Corpora-
tion or any company to whose employees they apply, in a worse
position than he would have been if the regulations had been made
to have effect only as from the date on which they were made.
( 4) Regulations made under this paragraph-
( a ) shall prescribe the procedure to be followed in making claims
for compensation, and the manner in which, and the per-
son by whom, the question whether any or what compensa-
tion is payable is to be determined ; and
( b ) shall in particular contain provisions enabling appeals from
any determination as to whether any or what compensation
is payable to be brought, in such cases and subject to
such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations.
before an industrial tribunal .
Interpretation for Schedule
3. In this Schedule-
"pension fund " means a fund established for the purposes of
paying pensions ;
" pension rights " includes, in relation to any person, all forms
of right to, or eligibility for, the present or future payment
of a pension to, or in respect of, that person, and any
expectation of the accruer of a pension to, or in respect of,
that person under any customary practice, and includes
a right of allocation in respect of the present or future
payment of a pension ;
" pension scheme " includes any form of arrangements for the
payment of pensions, whether subsisting by virtue of an
Act, trust, contract, or otherwise, and includes any
customary practice under which pensions are paid.
SCHEDULE 5
CONSTITUTION AND PROCEEDINGS OF PUBLICLY- OWNED COMPANIES
Private companies
1 .-( 1 ) Notwithstanding that it satisfies the conditions specified in
section 28 of the Companies Act 1948, a publicly-owned company
shall not be deemed to be a private company for the purposes of
that Act.
(2) Where a company, on coming into public ownership, would be
required in consequence of this paragraph to have an additional
director, that requirement shall not take effect until three months after
the company comes into public ownership.
Meetings
2. Notwithstanding anything in section 134 of the Companies Act
1948, or the company's articles of association, the Corporation may
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c.64
1891
call a meeting of a publicly-owned company, and there shall be deemed to be a quorum present at any meeting of such a company
at which the Corporation is represented.
SCH. 5
3.- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph apply in respect of any
publicly- owned company all of whose securities are held by the
Corporation.
( 2) The obligation of the company under the Companies Act 1948, 1948 c. 38.
or under the company's articles of association or otherwise, to hold
an annual meeting may be discharged by the holding of a meeting of
the Corporation summoned and held in such manner, and after such
notice, as may be determined by the Corporation in regulating their
procedure.
( 3 ) Any power of the company which is by the Companies Act
1948, or by the company's articles of association or otherwise,
required to be exercised by the company in general meeting (including
a power required to be so exercised by special resolution, extra-
ordinary resolution or a resolution requiring special notice), may be
exercised by the Corporation at a meeting summoned and held as
aforesaid.
( 4) Where any power is exercised by the company in a case where,
apart from this paragraph, special notice would be required and a
copy of the notice would have to be sent to any person, the company
shall give notice in writing to that person not less than twenty-eight
days before exercising that power.
( 5) Section 143 of the Companies Act 1948 ( which provides for
the registration of certain resolutions and agreements) shall apply to
any resolution of the company which, but for this paragraph, would
be a resolution to which that section applied.
(6 ) Section 14(7 ) of the Companies Act 1967 (which entitles auditors 1967 с. 81 .
of a company to attend and be heard at general meetings of the
company and to receive notice thereof ) shall apply to meetings of the
Corporation held for the purpose of exercising their powers under
this paragraph with respect to the affairs of the company .
Directors
4. Any provision in the memorandum or articles of association of a
publicly- owned company requiring a director to hold a specified
share qualification shall not have effect in the case of a publicly-
owned company.
5. The power conferred on a company by section 184 of the
Companies Act 1948 to remove a director before the expiration
of his period of office notwithstanding anything in its articles of
association or in any agreement between it and him, shall, in the
case of a publicly-owned company, be extended so as to be exer-
cisable notwithstanding anything in any agreement between the
company and any person other than the director, and the proviso
to subsection (1) of that section ( which contains a saving for directors
1892 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH. 5
1948 с. 38.
of private companies holding office for life on 18th July 1945) shall
not apply to directors of publicly- owned companies.
Alteration of memorandum
6. A publicly-owned company shall not, without the consent in
writing of the Secretary of State, so alter the provisions of its
memorandum of association or, as the case may be, charter of
incorporation or other charter as to increase the activities which it
is authorised to carry on.
7. The power conferred by subsection (1) of section 23 of the
Companies Act 1948 ( which provides that a company may alter
by special resolution any conditions contained in its memorandum
which could lawfully have been contained in articles of association
instead of in the memorandum) shall, in the case of a publicly-
owned company, be exercisable notwithstanding the provisions of
subsection (2) of that section ( which provides that that section shall
not apply where the memorandum itself provides for, or prohibits, the
alteration of all or any of the said conditions and shall not authorise
any variation or abrogation of the special rights of any class of
members) .
Reduction of capital
8. The power conferred by section 66 of the Companies Act
1948 on a company to reduce its share capital may, in the case of
a publicly- owned company, be exercised by ordinary resolution, and
any reduction so made shall not be subject to confirmation by the
court, and in any such case-
( a ) section 69 of the Companies Act 1948 shall apply with
the modification that, for any reference to an order of the
court confirming the reduction of the share capital of a
company, there shall be substituted a reference to a copy of
the resolution of the company for reducing its share capital,
and, for the reference to a minute approved by the court
showing the particulars mentioned in that section, there shall
be substituted a reference to a minute showing those par-
ticulars to the satisfaction of the registrar of companies ;
(b) section 69( 3) and ( 4) of the Companies Act 1948 shall not
apply, but notice of the registration of the resolution by the
registrar of companies shall be published in the London and
Edinburgh Gazettes and the registrar shall certify under his
hand the registration of the resolution, and his certificate
shall be conclusive evidence that the share capital of the
company is such as is stated in the resolution ; and
(c) sections 67, 68, 70 and 71 of the Companies Act 1948 shall
not apply.
Number of members
9. No petition shall be presented for the winding-up of a publicly-
owned company on the ground that the number of its members is
less than the number required by law, nor shall any person be liable
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1893
on that ground as a member of the company for the payment of any
of its debts.
"
10. In this Schedule " special resolution ", extraordinary
resolution " and " special notice " have the same meanings as in
the Companies Act 1948.
SCH. 5
1948 с. 38.
SCHEDULE 6
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
PART I
GENERAL PROVISIONS
1. In so far as anything done under an enactment repealed by this
Act could have been done under a corresponding provision of this
Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal but shall have effect as
if done under that provision.
2. Where any instrument or document refers, either expressly
or by implication, to an enactment repealed by this Act, the reference
shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as,
or as including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this
Act.
Section 38(1 ).
3. Where any period of time specified in an enactment repealed
by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act
shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been
in force when that period began to run.
PART II
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
Offences
4. For the purposes of the provisions of section 31 of this Act
specifying penalties for a second or subsequent offence, a previous
conviction under section 41 of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 in 1967 с. 17.
respect of a failure to satisfy an obligation arising under subsection
( 2 ) of that section shall be taken as an offence under the said
section 31 .
Disclosure of information
5. Section 33 of this Act shall apply in relation to any information
or forecast obtained under the Iron and Steel Act 1949, the Iron 1949 c. 72.
and Steel Act 1953 or the Iron and Steel Act 1967 as if such 1953 с. 15.
information or forecast , as the case may be, were obtained under
this Act.
Mineral Workings Act 1951
6. Section 15(1) of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 (regulations
modifying sections 1 to 14 of that Act in their application to
publicly-owned companies) shall, subject to the amendment by
1951 с. 60.
1894 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH. 6
1967 с. 17.
1966 с. 27.
section 38(2) of this Act, continue to have effect as amended by
section 35 of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 notwithstanding the
repeal by this Act of that section.
Building Control Act 1966
7. The Schedule to the Building Control Act 1966 (list of bodies
in whose case work carried out at their expense is exempt from
control under that Act by virtue of section 5(1)(e) thereof ) shall
continue to have effect as amended by section 36 of the Iron and
Steel Act 1967 notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of that
section.
1956 с. 68.
1968 с. 66.
1966 с. 34.
Fair Trading
8 .- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect for the
purpose of applying provisions in Part I of the Restrictive Trade
Practices Act 1956 to any agreement in force immediately before,
and remaining in force on and after, 5th July 1968, being an
agreement to which the said Part I applies as from that date and
would have applied before that date but for the provisions of
section 7(1 ) of that Act which had effect before that date.
( 2 ) Any such agreement shall be treated, for the purposes of
section 10 of the said Act of 1956 (particulars of agreements to be
furnished to the Director General of Fair Trading ) as having, on
5th July 1968, become subject to registration under the said Part I
by virtue of section 9 of the said Act of 1956.
( 3) For the purposes of the said section 10, the period within
which particulars in respect of any such agreement as aforesaid are
to be taken as having been required to be furnished to the said
Director or are to be furnished to the said Director, as the case
may be, shall be-
( a ) in the case of subsection (1) of that section, three months
beginning with and including 5th July 1968 ; and
( b) in the case of subsection ( 2) of that section, three months
beginning with and including the date of the variation or
determination of the agreement ;
and the reference to a specified period in those subsections (as
having effect in accordance with section 6 of the Restrictive Trade
Practices Act 1968) shall be construed accordingly.
Investment Grants
9.- (1 ) Where-
(a ) there has vested, or vests, in the Corporation an asset of a
company which, on 30th April 1969, was in public owner-
ship, being an asset in respect of which a grant might have
been made to the company under section 1 , 2 or 6 of the
Industrial Development Act 1966 if-
(i) the asset had not vested in the Corporation ; and
(ii ) in a case in which capital expenditure has been
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c. 64
1895
incurred, or is incurred, by the Corporation with reference
SCH. 6
to the asset, that expenditure had been incurred by the
company ; and
( b) the asset vested, or vests , under an order made under section
8 of the Iron and Steel Act 1969 or in pursuance of arrange- 1969 с. 45.
ments approved for the purposes of section 11 of that Act,
or under an order made under section 12(1) of this Act or in
pursuance of arrangements approved by the Secretary of
State for the purposes of this paragraph ;
the Secretary of State may make a grant to the Corporation of the
same amount as that which he might have made to the company
in those circumstances.
( 2) Section 8 (conditions ) of the said Act of 1966 shall have effect
as if references therein to Part I of that Act included references to
sub- paragraph (1) above.
10.- (1) Where-
( a ) there has vested, or vests, in the Corporation an asset of a
company which, on 30th April 1969, was in public owner-
ship, being an asset in respect of which a grant might have
been made to the company under section 1, 2, 5 or 7 of the
Industrial Investment ( General Assistance) Act ( Northern 1966 c. 41 (Ν.Ι. ).
Ireland ) 1966 if-
(i) the asset had not vested in the Corporation ; and
(ii ) in a case in which capital expenditure has been
incurred, or is incurred, by the Corporation with reference
to the asset, that expenditure had been incurred by the
company ; and
(b) the asset vested, or vests, under an order made under section
8 of the Iron and Steel Act 1969 or in pursuance of arrange-
ments approved for the purposes of section 12 of that Act,
or under an order made under section 12(1) of this Act or
in pursuance of arrangements approved by the Secretary of
State for the purposes of this paragraph ;
the Department of Commerce for Northern Ireland may make a
grant to the Corporation of the same amount as that which it might
have made to the company in those circumstances.
( 2) Section 10 (conditions) of the said Act of 1966 shall have effect
as if references therein to that Act included references to sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above.
Government Stock
11 .- (1 ) Any enactment and any regulation or rule relating to
securities issued under the National Loans Act 1939 shall continue 1939 с. 117.
to apply to the three and a half per cent. Treasury Stock, 1979-1981 ,
deemed to have been created and issued under that Act by section
21 ( 3) of the Iron and Steel Act 1953, and the provisions of para- 1953 с. 15.
graph 14( 1) to (3) of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1953 and of
paragraphs 23 to 25 of Schedule 7 to the Iron and Steel Act 1949 1949 с. 72.
1896 c .64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH. 6
1953 с. 15.
1949 с. 72.
1948 с. 49.
1967 с. 17.
1968 с. 13.
1970 с. 10.
1972 с. 65.
( transitional provisions and provisions relating to documents of title,
stock held on trust governed by the law of Scotland and directions
for payment of interest ), shall continue to have effect in relation
to that stock notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of the said
section 21 and the said Schedules.
( 2) Any provision of any deed, will, disposition or other instrument
which immediately before 13th July 1953, was applicable to British
Iron and Steel three and a half per cent. Guaranteed Stock, 1979-1981,
shall continue to be applicable to that stock as renamed three and a
half per cent. Treasury Stock, 1979-1981 , in accordance with section
21 ( 2) of the Iron and Steel Act 1953 notwithstanding the repeal by this
Act of that section.
12. Any provision of any deed, will, disposition or other instrument
and any statutory provision as to what is to be done by the holder
of any securities to which Part I or Part II of Schedule 4 to the Iron
and Steel Act 1949 applied immediately before the commencement
of this Act, or the redemption moneys of any such securities, shall,
with any necessary modifications, continue to have effect in accord-
ance with paragraph 4 of Part I or paragraph 6 of Part II, as the
case may be, of the said Schedule-
( a ) in the case of securities to which the said Part I applied,
in relation to government stock substituted for those securi-
ties under that Part ; and
( b) in the case of securities to which the said Part II applied, in
relation to rights conferred upon the holder of those
securities by paragraph 2 of that Part to government stock
and the payment of interest and in relation to government
stock substituted for those rights under that Part ;
notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of the said Schedule 4.
13. The power of the Treasury under section 74 of the Finance
Act 1948, as extended by paragraph 8 of Part II of Schedule 4 to the
Iron and Steel Act 1949 and section 10 of the Iron and Steel Act
1967, to direct that transfers of such rights as are referred to in
paragraph 12( b) above shall be exempt from all stamp duties shall
continue notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of the said Schedule 4
and section 10.
14.- (1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect not-
withstanding the repeal by this Act of section 26 of the Iron and
Steel Act 1967 providing for the issue of stock in satisfaction of
compensation payable in respect of the vesting of securities under
that Act or of compensation payable under Schedule 6 to the Iron
and Steel Act 1949, as having effect in accordance with section 13( 1)
of the said Act of 1967.
( 2) The provisions of the said section 26, as amended by the
National Loans Act 1968 , the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970 and the National Debt Act 1972, shall continue to have effect
in relation to-
( a ) any subsisting and enforceable right to compensation which
is so payable and has not been so satisfied ;
Iron and Steel Act 1975 c .64
1897
(b ) any subsisting right to repayment of stock so issued ; and
SCH. 6
( c) any stock so issued which has not been repaid.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of sub- paragraph (2)
above-
( a ) section 47 of the Finance Act 1942 ( regulations as respects 1942 c. 21 .
the transfer and registration of stock and registered bonds
of the descriptions specified in Part I of Schedule 11 to that
Act), the Government Stock Regulations 1965 and para-
graph 5 of Schedule 2 to the National Loans Act 1939 1939 c. 117.
( definition of " Government stock " ) shall continue to have
effect in accordance with subsections ( 7) and ( 8) of the said
section 26 as so amended ; and
( b ) the power of the Treasury to make regulations under the
said section 47 as extended by subsection (9) of the said
section 26 shall continue to include the making of-
(i ) regulations, so as to have effect pending the registra-
tion of stock issued in satisfaction of compensation pay-
able under the said Act of 1967 in respect of the vesting
of securities, providing for all or any of the matters for
which provision was made by paragraphs 22 to 25 of
Schedule 7 to the Iron and Steel Act 1949 ; and
1949 с. 72.
(ii ) regulations providing for the matter for which pro-
vision was made by paragraph 28( 3) of that Schedule ;
and any such regulations in force at the commencement of
this Act shall continue to have effect accordingly.
Iron and Steel (Compensation to Officers and Servants)
Regulations
15.- (1 ) Regulations made, and in force at the commencement of
this Act, under section 24 of the Iron and Steel Act 1953 (regula- 1953 с. 15 .
tions for the payment by the Corporation, as successors to the Iron
and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency, of compensation to
employees of companies) shall continue to have effect notwithstand-
ing the repeal by this Act of that section.
( 2 ) For the purpose of any revocation, amendment or variation of
those regulations, the provisions of the said section 24 conferring
powers upon the Secretary of State to make regulations thereunder,
and the general provisions as to regulations of section 31 of the said
Act of 1953, shall continue to have effect notwithstanding the repeal
by this Act of those sections.
Agreements and legal proceedings of Iron and Steel Board
16. The provisions of section 27( 3) of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 1967 с. 17.
and of Part II of Schedule 2 to that Act (supplemental provisions
relating to agreements and legal proceedings concerning the Iron
and Steel Board) shall continue to have effect notwithstanding the
repeal by this Act of those provisions.
1898 c. 64
Iron and Steel Act 1975
SCH. 6
1953 с. 15.
1967 с. 17.
Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency (Dissolution) Order
17. Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of the Iron and
Steel Holding and Realisation Agency (Dissolution) Order 1967 made
under section 25 of the Iron and Steel Act 1953 as amended by
section 29 of the Iron and Steel Act 1967, and any notice given or
other thing done before 28th July 1967 by the Iron and Steel Holding
and Realisation Agency in relation to a company which was then in
public ownership shall, if in force immediately before that date,
continue to have effect and be deemed, as from that date, to have
been given or done by the Corporation .
Section 38(3) . SCHEDULE 7
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
12, 13 & 14
The Iron and Steel Act The whole Act so far as
Geo. 6. c. 72.
1949. unrepealed.
1 & 2 Eliz. 2.
The Iron and Steel Act The whole Act so far as
c. 15.
1953 . unrepealed.
1967 с. 17. The Iron and Steel Act The whole Act so far as
1967. unrepealed.
1968 с. 13. The National Loans Act In Schedules 1 and 5, the
1968. entries relating to the Iron
and Steel Act 1967.
1969 с. 45. The Iron and Steel Act The whole Act so far as
1969. unrepealed.
1972 с. 12.
The Iron and Steel Act The whole Act.
1972.
1972 с. 60.
1973 с. 41 .
The Gas Act 1972.
The Fair Trading Act
1973 .
1973 с. 51 .
1974 с. 8.
The Finance Act 1973 .
The Statutory Corpora-
In Schedule 6, paragraph 4 .
In Schedule 12, the entry relating
to the Iron and Steel Act 1967.
In Schedule 19, paragraph 15 .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 8.
tions (Financial Provi-
sions) Act 1974.
1975 с. 55.
The Statutory Corpora-
tions (Financial Provi-
sions) Act 1975.
Section 3 .
In Schedule 2, the words " The
British Steel Corporation and
the publicly- owned companies
for the purposes of the Iron
and Steel Act 1967 " .
In Schedule 4, the entry relating
to the Iron and Steel Act
1967.
c. 65 1899
CHONIS


ET MONDR
Sex Discrimination Act 1975
1975 CHAPTER 65
An Act to render unlawful certain kinds of sex discrimina-
tion and discrimination on the ground of marriage,
and establish a Commission with the function of
working towards the elimination of such discrimina-
tion and promoting equality of opportunity between
men and women generally ; and for related purposes.
[ 12th November 1975 ]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
PART I
DISCRIMINATION TO WHICH ACT APPLIES
1.-( 1) A person discriminates against a woman in any cir- Sex discrimi-
cumstances relevant for the purposes of any provision of this nation against
Act if-
women.(a) on the ground of her sex he treats her less favourably
than he treats or would treat a man, or
(b) he applies to her a requirement or condition which he
applies or would apply equally to a man but-
(i) which is such that the proportion of women
who can comply with it is considerably smaller than
the proportion of men who can comply with it, and
(ii) which he cannot show to be justifiable
irrespective of the sex of the person to whom it is
applied, and
(iii) which is to her detriment because she cannot
comply with it .
1900 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART I
( 2 ) If a person treats or would treat a man differently accord-
ing to the man's marital status, his treatment of a woman is for
the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( a) to be compared to his treatment
of amanhaving the like marital status.
Sex discrimi-
2 .- (1 ) Section 1, and the provisions of Parts II and III relating
nation against to sex discrimination against women, are to be read as applying
men.
equally to the treatment of men, and for that purpose shall have
effect with such modifications as are requisite.
( 2 ) In the application of subsection (1 ) no account shall be
taken of special treatment afforded to women in connection with
pregnancy or childbirth.
Discrimina-
tion against
married
persons in
employment
field.
3.- (1 ) A person discriminates against a married person of
either sex in any circumstances relevant for the purposes of
any provision of Part II if-
( a) on the ground of his or her marital status he treats that
person less favourably than he treats or would treat
an unmarried person of the same sex, or
( b) he applies to that person a requirement or condition
which he applies or would apply equally to an
unmarried person but-
( i ) which is such that the proportion of married
persons who can comply with it is considerably
smaller than the proportion of unmarried persons
of the same sex who can comply with it , and
(ii) which he cannot show to be justifiable irres-
pective of the marital status of the person to whom
it is applied, and
(iii) which is to that person's detriment because
he cannot comply with it.
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection (1 ), a provision of Part II
framed with reference to discrimination against women shall be
treated as applying equally to the treatment of men, and for that
purpose shall have effect with such modifications as are requisite.
Discrimina-
4 .- (1) A person ( " the discriminator ") discriminates against
tion by way of another person ( " the person victimised ") in any circumstances
victimisation.
relevant for the purposes of any provision of this Act if he
treats the person victimised less favourably than in those
circumstances he treats or would treat other persons, and does
so by reason that the person victimised has-
( a ) brought proceedings against the discriminator or any
1970 с. 41 .
other person under this Act or the Equal Pay Act
1970, or
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1901
c.65
( b) given evidence or information in connection with pro-
PART I
ceedings brought by any person against the discrimi-
nator or any other person under this Act or the Equal 1970 с. 41 .
Pay Act 1970, or
( c) otherwise done anything under or by reference to this
Act or the Equal Pay Act 1970 in relation to the
discriminator or any other person, or
( d ) alleged that the discriminator or any other person has
committed an act which (whether or not the allegation
so states) would amount to a contravention of this Act
or give rise to a claim under the Equal Pay Act 1970,
or by reason that the discriminator knows the person victimised
intends to do any of those things, or suspects the person
victimised has done, or intends to do, any of them.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to treatment of a person by
reason of any allegation made by him if the allegation was false
and not made in good faith.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (1), a provision of Part II
or III framed with reference to discrimination against women
shall be treated as applying equally to the treatment of men
and for that purpose shall have effect with such modifications
as are requisite.
5.- ( 1) In this Act
( a ) references to discrimination refer to any discrimination
falling within sections 1 to 4; and
( b) references to sex discrimination refer to any discrimina-
tion falling within section 1 or 2,
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) In this Act-
66 woman " includes a female of any age, and
"man" includes a male of any age.
( 3) A comparison of the cases of persons of different sex or
marital status under section 1(1) or 3(1) must be such that the
relevant circumstances in the one case are the same, or not
materially different, in the other.
Interpretation.
PART II
DISCRIMINATION IN THE EMPLOYMENT FIELD
Discrimination by employers
6.- (1) It is unlawful for a person, in relation to employ- Discrimina-
nent by him at an establishment in Great Britain, to discriminate tion against
gainst a woman-
applicants and
employees.( a ) in the arrangements he makes for the purpose of deter-
mining who should be offered that employment, or
1902 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART II ( b) in the terms on which he offers her that employment, or
( c ) by refusing or deliberately omitting to offer her that
employment.
( 2 ) It is unlawful for a person, in the case of a woman
employed by him at an establishment in Great Britain, to dis-
criminate against her-
( a ) in the way he affords her access to opportunities for
promotion, transfer or training, or to any other benefits,
facilities or services, or by refusing or deliberately
omitting to afford her access to them, or
( b) by dismissing her, or subjecting her to any other
detriment.
( 3) Except in relation to discrimination falling within section
4, subsections ( 1) and (2) do not apply to employment-
( a ) for the purposes of a private household, or
( b) where the number of persons employed by the employer,
added to the number employed by any associated
employers of his, does not exceed five (disregarding
any persons employed for the purposes of a private
household ) .
( 4) Subsections (1 )(b) and ( 2) do not apply to provision in
relation to death or retirement.
(5 ) Subject to section 8(3), subsection ( 1 ) (b) does not apply to
any provision for the payment of money which, if the woman
in question were given the employment, would be included
( directly or by reference to a collective agreement or otherwise)
in the contract under which she was employed.
(6) Subsection ( 2) does not apply to benefits consisting of
the payment of money when the provision of those benefits is
regulated by the woman's contract of employment.
( 7) Subsection ( 2) does not apply to benefits, facilities or
services of any description if the employer is concerned with the
provision (for payment or not) of benefits, facilities or services
of that description to the public, or to a section of the public
comprising the woman in question, unless-
( a ) that provision differs in a material respect from the pro-
vision of the benefits, facilities or services by the
employer to his employees, or
(b ) the provision of the benefits, facilities or services to the
woman in question is regulated by her contract of
employment, or
( c ) the benefits, facilities or services relate to training.
c.65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1903
7.- (1) In relation to sex discrimination- PART II
(a) section 6( 1) (a) or ( c) does not apply to any employment Exception
where being a man is a genuine occupational quali- agenuine
where sex is
fication for the job, and occupational
(b) section 6(2)(a ) does not apply to opportunities for qualification.
promotion or transfer to, or training for, such employ-
ment .
(2) Being a man is a genuine occupational qualification for a
job only where-
( a) the essential nature of the job calls for a man for
reasons of physiology (excluding physical strength or
stamina) or, in dramatic performances or other enter-
tainment, for reasons of authenticity, so that the
essential nature of the job would be materially different
if carried out by a woman ; or
( b ) the job needs to be held by a man to preserve decency
orprivacy because-
( i) it is likely to involve physical contact with
men in circumstances where they might reasonably
object to its being carried out by a woman, or
(ii ) the holder of the job is likely to do his work
in circumstances where men might reasonably ob-
ject to the presence of awoman because they are in
astate of undress or are using sanitary facilities ; or
( c ) the nature or location of the establishment makes it
impracticable for the holder of the job to live elsewhere
than in premises provided by the employer, and-
( i) the only such premises which are available
for persons holding that kind of job are lived in,
or normally lived in, by men and are not equipped
with separate sleeping accommodation for women
and sanitary facilities which could be used by women
in privacy from men, and
( ii) it is not reasonable to expect the employer
either to equip those premises with such accommoda-
tion and facilities or to provide other premises for
women ; or
( d ) the nature of the establishment, or of the part of it
within which the work is done, requires the job to be
held by a man because-
( i) it is, or is part of, a hospital, prison or other
establishment for persons requiring special care,
supervision or attention, and
( ii) those persons are all men ( disregarding any
woman whose presence is exceptional) , and
1904 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART II
Equal Pay
Act 1970.
1970 с. 41 .
( iii) it is reasonable, having regard to the essential
character of the establishment or that part, that the
job should not be held by a woman ; or
( e) the holder of the job provides individuals with personal
services promoting their welfare or education, or simi-
lar personal services, and those services can most
effectively be provided by a man, or
( f ) the job needs to be held by a man because of restrictions
imposed by the laws regulating the employment of
women, or
( g) the job needs to be held by a man because it is likely
to involve the performance of duties outside the United
Kingdom in a country whose laws or customs are such
that the duties could not, or could not effectively, be
performed by a woman, or
( h) the job is one of two to be held by a married couple.
(3) Subsection (2) applies where some only of the duties of
the job fall within paragraphs (a) to ( g) as well as where all of
them do.
( 4) Paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d ), (e), ( f ) or (g) of subsection (2)
does not apply in relation to the filling of a vacancy at a time
when the employer already has male employees-
( a ) who are capable of carrying out the duties falling within
that paragraph, and
( b) whom it would be reasonable to employ on those duties,
and
( c ) whose numbers are sufficient to meet the employer's
likely requirements in respect of those duties without
undue inconvenience.
8.- ( 1 ) In section 1 of the Equal Pay Act 1970, the following
are substituted for subsections (1) to (3)—
66 (1) If the terms of a contract under which a woman is
employed at an establishment in Great Britain do not
include ( directly or by reference to a collective agreement or
otherwise) an equality clause they shall be deemed to include
one.
(2) An equality clause is a provision which relates to
terms ( whether concerned with pay or not) of a contract
under which a woman is employed (the " woman's con-
tract ") , and has the effect that-
( a) where the woman is employed on like work with a man
in the same employment-
(i) if (apart from the equality clause) any term of
the woman's contract is or becomes less favourable
c .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1905
to the woman than a term of a similar kind in the
PART II
contract under which that man is employed, that
term of the woman's contract shall be treated as so
modified as not to be less favourable, and
( ii) if (apart from the equality clause ) at any time
the woman's contract does not include a term corres-
ponding to a term benefiting that man included in
the contract under which he is employed, the
woman's contract shall be treated as including such
a term ;
( b) where the woman is employed on work rated as equiva-
lent with that of a man in the same employment-
(i) if (apart from the equality clause) any term
of the woman's contract determined by the rating of
the work is or becomes less favourable to the woman
than a term of a similar kind in the contract under
which that man is employed, that term of the
woman's contract shall be treated as so modified as
not to be less favourable, and
(ii ) if (apart from the equality clause ) at any time
the woman's contract does not include a term corres-
ponding to a term benefiting that man included in
the contract under which he is employed and deter-
mined by the rating of the work, the woman's
contract shall be treated as including such a term .
( 3) An equality clause shall not operate in relation to a
variation between the woman's contract and the man's
contract if the employer proves that the variation is
genuinely due to a material difference (other than the
difference of sex) between her case and his."
( 2) Section 1 (1) of the Equal Pay Act 1970 ( as set out in 1970 c. 41 .
subsection ( 1) above) does not apply in determining for the
purposes of section 6( 1 )(b) of this Act the terms on which
employment is offered .
(3) Where a person offers a woman employment on certain
terms, and if she accepted the offer then, by virtue of an equality
clause, any of those terms would fall to be modified, or any
additional term would fall to be included, the offer shall be
taken to contravene section 6( 1) (b) .
( 4) Where a person offers a woman employment on certain
terms, and subsection (3) would apply but for the fact that, on
her acceptance of the offer, section 1( 3) of the Equal Pay Act
1970 (as set out in subsection (1) above) would prevent the
equality clause from operating, the offer shall be taken not to
contravene section 6( 1) (b) .
1906 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART II
1970 с. 41 .
( 5) An act does not contravene section 6( 2) if-
(a) it contravenes a term modified or included by virtue of
an equality clause, or
( b) it would contravene such a term but for the fact that
the equality clause is prevented from operating by
section 1 (3) of the Equal Pay Act 1970.
(6) The Equal Pay Act 1970 is further amended as specified
in Part I of Schedule 1, and accordingly has effect as set out in
Part II of Schedule 1 .
Discrimina-
tion against
contract
workers.
9.-( 1 ) This section applies to any work for a person ( " the
principal ") which is available for doing by individuals ( " contract
workers ") who are employed not by the principal himself but
by another person, who supplies them under a contract made
with the principal.
(2) It is unlawful for the principal, in relation to work to which
this section applies , to discriminate against a woman who is a
contract worker-
( a ) in the terms on which he allows her to do that work,
or
( b) by not allowing her to do it or continue to do it, or
( c ) in the way he affords her access to any benefits, facili-
ties or services or by refusing or deliberately omitting to
afford her access to them, or
( d ) by subjecting her to any other detriment.
( 3) The principal does not contravene subsection (2)(b) by
doing any act in relation to a woman at a time when if the
work were to be done by a person taken into his employment
being a man would be a genuine occupational qualification for
the job .
( 4) Subsection (2)(c ) does not apply to benefits, facilities or
services of any description if the principal is concerned with the
provision (for payment or not) of benefits, facilities or services of
that description to the public, or to a section of the public to
which the woman belongs, unless that provision differs in a
material respect from the provision of the benefits, facilities or
services by the principal to his contract workers .
Meaning of 10.- ( 1) For the purposes of this Part and section 1 of the
employment at Equal Pay Act 1970 ( " the relevant purposes ") , employment is
establishment
in Great
to be regarded as being at an establishment in Great Britain
Britain.
unless the employee does his work wholly or mainly outside
Great Britain.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to-
( a) employment on board a ship registered at a port of
registry in Great Britain, or
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1907
(b) employment on aircraft or hovercraft registered in the
PART II
United Kingdom and operated by a person who has his
principal place of business, or is ordinarily resident, in
Great Britain ;
but for the relevant purposes such employment is to be regarded
as being at an establishment in Great Britain unless the employee
does his work wholly outside Great Britain.
( 3) In the case of employment on board a ship registered at a
port of registry in Great Britain (except where the employee
does his work wholly outside Great Britain, and outside any area
added under subsection (5) ) the ship shall for the relevant pur-
poses be deemed to be the establishment.
( 4 ) Where work is not done at an establishment it shall be
treated for the relevant purposes as done at the establishment
from which it is done or ( where it is not done from any estab-
lishment) at the establishment with which it has the closest
connection.
(5) In relation to employment concerned with exploration of
the sea bed or subsoil or the exploitation of their natural
resources, Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that
subsections ( 1) and (2) shall each have effect as if the last refer-
ence to Great Britain included any area for the time being desig-
nated under section 1( 7) of the Continental Shelf Act 1964, 1964 с. 29.
except an area or part of an area in which the law of Northern
Ireland applies .
(6 ) An Order in Council under subsection (5) may provide
that , in relation to employment to which the Order applies,
this Part and section 1 of the Equal Pay Act 1970 are to have 1970 c. 41 .
effect with such modifications as are specified in the Order.
( 7) An Order in Council under subsection (5) shall be of no
effect unless a draft of the Order was laid before and approved
by each House of Parliament.
Discrimination by other bodies
11. ( 1) It is unlawful for a firm consisting of six or more Partnerships .
partners, in relation to a position as partner in the firm, to
discriminate against a woman-
( a) in the arrangements they make for the purpose of
determining who should be offered that position, or
(b) in the terms on which they offer her that position, or
( c ) by refusing or deliberately omitting to offer her that
position, or
(d ) in a case where the woman already holds that position-
(i) in the way they afford her access to any bene-
fits , facilities or services, or by refusing or deliber-
ately omitting to afford her access to them, or
c.65
1908 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART II 1907 с. 24.
Trade unions
etc.
Qualifying
bodies.
(ii) by expelling her from that position, or sub-
jecting her to any other detriment.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) shall apply in relation to persons proposing
to form themselves into a partnership as it applies in relation
to a firm.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) (a) and (c) do not apply to a position as
partner where, if it were employment, being a man would be
a genuine occupational qualification for the job.
( 4) Subsection ( 1) ( b) and (d ) do not apply to provision made
in relation to death or retirement.
( 5 ) In the case of a limited partnership references in sub-
section ( 1) to a partner shall be construed as references to a
general partner as defined in section 3 of the Limited Partner-
ships Act 1907.
12.-( 1) This section applies to an organisation of workers,
an organisation of employers, or any other organisation whose
members carry on a particular profession or trade for the
purposes of which the organisation exists .
( 2) It is unlawful for an organisation to which this section
applies, in the case of a woman who is not a member of the
organisation, to discriminate against her-
( a) in the terms on which it is prepared to admit her to
membership, or
(b) by refusing, or deliberately omitting to accept, her
application for membership.
( 3) It is unlawful for an organisation to which this section
applies, in the case of a woman who is a member of the
organisation, to discriminate against her-
( a ) in the way it affords her access to any benefits, facilities
or services, or by refusing or deliberately omitting to
afford her access to them, or
(b) by depriving her of membership, or varying the terms
on which she is a member, or
( c) by subjecting her to any other detriment.
( 4) This section does not apply to provision made in relation
to the death or retirement from work of a member.
13.-(1 ) It is unlawful for an authority or body which can
confer an authorisation or qualification which is needed for, or
facilitates, engagement in a particular profession or trade to dis-
criminate against a woman—
(a) in the terms on which it is prepared to confer on her
that authorisation or qualification, or
c.65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1909
( b) by refusing or deliberately omitting to grant her applica- tion for it, or
( c ) by withdrawing it from her or varying the terms on
which she holds it.
(2) Where an authority or body is required by law to satisfy
itself as to his good character before conferring on a person an
authorisation or qualification which is needed for, or facilitates ,
his engagement in any profession or trade then, without
prejudice to any other duty to which it is subject, that require-
ment shall be taken to impose on the authority or body a duty
to have regard to any evidence tending to show that he, or any
of his employees, or agents (whether past or present ) , has prac-
tised unlawful discrimination in, or in connection with, the
carrying on of any profession or trade.
( 3) In this section-
( a) " authorisation or qualification " includes recognition,
registration, enrolment, approval and certification ,
(b) " confer " includes renew or extend.
( 4) Subsection (1) does not apply to discrimination which is
rendered unlawful by section 22 or 23.
PART II
14.-( 1) It is unlawful for a person to whom this subsection Vocational
applies, in the case of a woman seeking or undergoing training training bodies.
which would help to fit her for any employment, to discriminate
against her-
( a ) in the terms on which that person affords her access
to any training courses or other facilities, or
( b) by refusing or deliberately omitting to afford her such
access, or
(c) by terminating her training.
(2) Subsection ( 1) applies to
( a ) industrial training boards established under section 1
of the Industrial Training Act 1964 ;
1964 с. 16.( b) the Manpower Services Commission, the Employment
Service Agency, and the Training Services Agency ;
(c) any association which comprises employers and has
as its principal object, or one of its principal objects,
affording their employees access to training facilities ;
( d ) any other person providing facilities for training for
employment, being a person designated for the pur-
poses of this paragraph in an order made by or on
behalf of the Secretary of State.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to discrimination which is
rendered unlawful by section 22 or 23 .
c. 65
1910 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART II
15.-(1 ) It is unlawful for an employment agency to dis-
Employment agencies.
criminate against a woman-
( a) in the terms on which the agency offers to provide any
of its services , or
( b) by refusing or deliberately omitting to provide any of its
services, or
( c) in the way it provides any of its services.
( 2) It is unlawful for a local education authority or an educa-
tion authority to do any act in the performance of its functions
1973 с. 50.
under section 8 of the Employment and Training Act 1973 which
constitutes discrimination .
( 3) References in subsection ( 1) to the services of an employ-
ment agency include guidance on careers and any other services
related to employment.
( 4) This section does not apply if the discrimination only
concerns employment which the employer could lawfully refuse
to offer the woman.
( 5) An employment agency or local education authority or an
education authority shall not be subject to any liability under
this section if it proves-
(a) that it acted in reliance on a statement made to it by
the employer to the effect that, by reason of the opera-
tion of subsection (4), its action would not be unlawful,
and
(b) that it was reasonable for it to rely on the statement.
( 6 ) A person who knowingly or recklessly makes a statement
such as is referred to in subsection (5) (a) which in a material
respect is false or misleading commits an offence, and shall be
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 .
Manpower
Services
Commission
etc.
16. ( 1) It is unlawful for any of the following bodies to
discriminate in the provision of facilities or services under section
2 of the Employment and Training Act 1973—
(a) the Manpower Services Commission ;
( b) the Employment Service Agency ;
(c) the Training Services Agency.
( 2) This section does not apply in a case where-
(a ) section 14 applies , or
(b) the body is acting as an employment agency.
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1911
Special cases PART II
17.- ( 1 ) For the purposes of this Part, the holding of the Police.
office of constable shall be treated as employment-
( a) by the chief officer of police as respects any act done by
him in relation to a constable or that office ;
( b) by the police authority as respects any act done by
them in relation to a constable or that office.
(2) Regulations made under section 33, 34 or 35 of the Police 1964 c. 48.
Act 1964 shall not treat men and women differently except-
( a) as to requirements relating to height, uniform or equip-
ment, or allowances in lieu of uniform or equipment
or
( b) so far as special treatment is accorded to women in
connection with pregnancy or childbirth, or
( c ) in relation to pensions to or in respect of special con-
stables or police cadets .
( 3) Nothing in this Part renders unlawful any discrimination
between male and female constables as to matters such as are
mentioned in subsection ( 2) ( a) .
( 4) There shall be paid out of the police fund-
( a) any compensation, costs or expenses awarded against a
chief officer of police in any proceedings brought
against him under this Act, and any costs or expenses
incurred by him in any such proceedings so far as not
recovered by him in the proceedings ; and
(b) any sum required by a chief officer of police for the
settlement of any claim made against him under this
Act if the settlement is approved by the police authority.
( 5) Any proceedings under this Act which, by virtue of sub-
section ( 1 ), would lie against a chief officer of police shall be
brought against the chief officer of police for the time being or,
in the case of a vacancy in that office, against the person for the
time being performing the functions of that office ; and references
in subsection (4) to the chief officer of police shall be construed
accordingly.
(6) Subsections (1 ) and (3) apply to a police cadet and appoint-
ment as a police cadet as they apply to a constable and the
office of constable.
(7) In this section-
66 chief officer of police "-
(a) in relation to a person appointed, or an appoint-
ment falling to be made, under a specified Act,
1912 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c.65
PART II
1964 с. 48.
1829 с. 44.
1839 c. xciv.
1967 с. 77.
Prison officers .
1952 с. 52.
Ministers of
religion etc.
has the same meaning as in the Police Act 1964,
( b ) in relation to any other person or appointment
means the officer who has the direction and control
of the body of constables or cadets in question ;
" police authority "-
( a) in relation to a person appointed, or an appointment
falling to be made, under a specified Act, has the
same meaning as in the Police Act 1964,
( b) in relation to any other person or appointment,
means the authority by whom the person in
question is or on appointment would be paid :
" police cadet " means any person appointed to undergo
training with a view to becoming a constable ;
" police fund " in relation to a chief officer of police within
paragraph (a) of the above definition of that term
has the same meaning as in the Police Act 1964, and
in any other case means money provided by the
police authority ;
" specified Act " means the Metropolitan Police Act 1829,
the City of London Police Act 1839 or the Police
Act 1964.
(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection
( 7) for any reference to the Police Act 1964 there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the Police (Scotland) Act 1967, and for
the reference to sections 33, 34 and 35 of the former Act in sub-
section (2) there shall be substituted a reference to sections 26
and 27 of the latter Act.
18.-( 1) Nothing in this Part renders unlawful any dis-
crimination between male and female prison officers as to
requirements relating to height.
( 2 ) In section 7( 2) of the Prison Act 1952 the words " and if
women only are received in a prison the Governor shall be a
woman " are repealed.
19.-( 1 ) Nothing in this Part applies to employment for pur-
poses of an organised religion where the employment is limited
to one sex so as to comply with the doctrines of the religion or
avoid offending the religious susceptibilities of a significant
number of its followers .
( 2) Nothing in section 13 applies to an authorisation or quali-
fication (as defined in that section ) for purposes of an organised
religion where the authorisation or qualification is limited to
one sex so as to comply with the doctrines of the religion or
avoid offending the religious susceptibilities of a significant num-
ber of its followers .
c .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1913
20.-( 1 ) Section 6( 1) does not apply to employment as a
PART II
midwife.
Midwives.
(2) Section 6(2)(a) does not apply to promotion, transfer or
training as a midwife.
( 3) Section 14 does not apply to training as a midwife.
( 4) In the Midwives Act 1951 the following section is inserted 1951 c. 53 .
after section 35-
" Extension 35A. From 1st January 1976 references in this
ofAct to Act to women (except to a woman in childbirth)
men. apply equally to men. "
( 5 ) In the Midwives (Scotland ) Act 1951 the said section 35A 1951 с. 54.
is inserted after section 37 of that Act as section 37A.
21.-( 1 ) The following shall be substituted for section 124( 1 ) Mineworkers.
of the Mines and Quarries Act 1954 (which provides that no 1954 с. 70.
female shall be employed below ground at a mine) -
“ ( 1) No female shall be employed in a job the duties of
which ordinarily require the employee to spend a significant
proportion of his time below ground at a mine which is
being worked "
(2) Throughout the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1908, for 1908 c. 57.
" workman " or " man
there is substituted " worker ", and for
" "
" workmen " or men there is substituted " workers ".
PART III
DISCRIMINATION IN OTHER FIELDS
Education
22. It is unlawful in relation to an educational establish- Discrimination
ment falling within column 1 of the following table, for a person by bodies in
indicated in relation to the establishment in column 2 (the charge of
educational
" responsible body ") to discriminate against a woman-
establishments.
( a ) in the terms on which it offers to admit her to the
establishment as a pupil, or
( b) by refusing or deliberately omitting to accept an appli-
cation for her admission to the establishment as a pupil ,
or
(c) where she is a pupil of the establishment-
( i) in the way it affords her access to any benefits ,
facilities or services, or by refusing or deliberately
omitting to afford her access to them, or
(ii) by excluding her from the establishment or
subjecting her to any other detriment.
2G
1914 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART III TABLE
Establishment Responsible body
ENGLAND AND WALES
1. Educational establishment
maintained by a local educa-
Local education authority or
managers or governors,
tion authority.
according to which of them
has the function in question.
2. Independent school not
being a special school.
Proprietor.
3. Special school not main- Proprietor.
tained by a local education
authority.
4. University.
Governing body.
5. Establishment ( not falling
Governing body.
within paragraphs 1 to 4 ) pro-
viding full-time or part- time
education, being an establish-
ment designated under section
24(1).
1962 с. 47.
SCOTLAND
6. Educational establish- Education authority.
ment managed by an education
authority.
7. Educational establish-
ment in respect of which the
Managers of the educational
establishment.
managers are for the time
being receiving grants under
section 75(c) or (d ) of the
Education
( Scotland ) Act
1962.
8. University.
9. Independent school.
10. Any other educational
establishment (not falling with-
Governing body.
Proprietor.
Managers of the educational
establishment.
in paragraphs 6, 7 and 9) pro-
viding full or part-time school
education or further education.
Other
23.-( 1 ) It is unlawful for a local education authority, in
discrimination carrying out such of its functions under the Education Acts
by local
education
1944 to 1975 as do not fall under section 22, to do any act
authorities.
which constitutes sex discrimination.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1915
c . 65
( 2) It is unlawful for an education authority, in carrying out such of its functions under the Education (Scotland ) Acts 1939
to 1974 as do not fall under section 22, to do any act which
constitutes sex discrimination.
PART III
24.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order designate for Designated
the purposes of paragraph 5 of the table in section 22 such establishments.
establishments of the description mentioned in that paragraph
as he thinks fit.
( 2 ) An establishment shall not be designated under subsection
( 1 ) unless-
( a) it is recognised by the Secretary of State as a polytechnic,
or
( b ) it is an establishment in respect of which grants are
payable out of money provided by Parliament, or
(c ) it is assisted by a local education authority in accordance
with a scheme approved under section 42 of the
Education Act 1944, or
1944 с. 31 .
( d ) it provides full- time education for persons who have
attained the upper limit of compulsory school age but
not the age of nineteen.
(3) A designation under subsection ( 1) shall remain in force
until revoked notwithstanding that the establishment ceases to
be within subsection (2).
25.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to its obligation to comply with General duty
any other provision of this Act, a body to which this subsection in public
applies shall be under a general duty to secure that facilities sector of
for education provided by it, and any ancillary benefits or ser-
education.
vices, are provided without sex discrimination.
( 2) The following provisions of the Education Act 1944,
namely-
( a) section 68 (power of Secretary of State to require duties
under that Act to be exercised reasonably), and
(b) section 99 (powers of Secretary of State where local
education authorities etc. are in default) ,
shall apply to the performance by a body to which subsection
( 1) applies of the duties imposed by sections 22 and 23 and shall
also apply to the performance of the general duty imposed by
subsection ( 1 ), as they apply to the performance by a local
education authority of a duty imposed by that Act.
( 3) Section 71 of the Education (Scotland ) Act 1962 (power of 1962 c. 47.
the Secretary of State to require duties in that Act to be exercised)
shall apply to the performance by a body to which subsection ( 1 )
applies of the duties imposed by sections 22 and 23 and shall
2G2
1916 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
с.65
PART III
1962 с. 47.
1944 с. 31 .
Exception for
single -sex
establish-
ments.
also apply to the performance of the general duty imposed by
subsection ( 1 ) , as the said section 71 applies to the performance
by an education authority of a duty imposed by that Act.
( 4) The sanctions in subsections (2) and ( 3) shall be the only
sanctions for breach of the general duty in subsection ( 1 ), but
without prejudice to the enforcement of sections 22 and 23
under section 66 or otherwise (where the breach is also a
contravention of either of those sections) .
(5) The Secretary of State shall have the power to cause a local
inquiry to be held into any matter arising from subsection (3)
under section 68 of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962.
(6) Subsection ( 1) applies to
(a) local education authorities in England and Wales ;
( b ) education authorities in Scotland ;
( c ) any other body which is a responsible body in relation
to-
(i) an establishment falling within paragraph 1 , 3
or 7 of the table in section 22 ;
(ii) an establishment designated under section
24( 1 ) as falling within paragraph (a) or (c) of section
24 (2 ) ;
(iii) an establishment designated under section
24( 1 ) as falling within paragraph (b) of section 24(2)
where the grants in question are payable under sec-
tion 100 of the Education Act 1944.
26. ( 1 ) Sections 22(a) and ( b) and 25 do not apply to the
admission of pupils to any establishment (a " single -sex estab-
lishment ") which admits pupils of one sex only, or which would
be taken to admit pupils of one sex only if there were disregarded
pupils of the opposite sex-
( a ) whose admission is exceptional, or
( b) whose numbers are comparatively small and whose
admission is confined to particular courses of instruction
or teaching classes.
(2) Where a school which is not a single-sex establishment
has some pupils as boarders and others as non-boarders, and
admits as boarders pupils of one sex only ( or would be taken
to admit as boarders pupils of one sex only if there were dis-
regarded boarders of the opposite sex whose numbers are
comparatively small) , sections 22(a) and (b) and 25 do not apply
to the admission of boarders and sections 22(c) (i) and 25 do
not apply to boarding facilities.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1917
с . 65
(3) Where an establishment is a single - sex establishment by
PART III
reason of its inclusion in subsection ( 1)( b), the fact that pupils
of one sex are confined to particular courses of instruction or
teaching classes shall not be taken to contravene section 22(c) (i)
or the duty in section 25.
27.-( 1 ) Where at any time- Exception for
single - sex
(a) the responsible body for a single-sex establishment falling establishments
within column 1 of the table in section 22 determines turning co-
to alter its admissions arrangements so that the estab- educational.
lishment will cease to be a single-sex establishment, or
(b) section 26(2) applies to the admission of boarders to a
school falling within column 1 of that table but the
responsible body determines to alter its admissions
arrangements so that section 26(2) will cease so to
apply,
the responsible body may apply in accordance with Schedule 2
for an order (a " transitional exemption order ") authorising dis-
criminatory admissions during the transitional period specified
in the order.
(2) Where during the transitional period specified in a transi-
tional exemption order applying to an establishment the respon-
sible body refuses or deliberately omits to accept an application
for the admission of a person to the establishment as a pupil the
refusal or omission shall not be taken to contravene any provision
of this Act.
(3) Subsection ( 2) does not apply if the refusal or omission con-
travenes any condition of the transitional exemption order.
( 4 ) Except as mentioned in subsection ( 2), a transitional ex-
emption order shall not afford any exemption from liability under
this Act.
(5) Where, during the period between the making of an appli-
cation for a transitional exemption order in relation to an
establishment and the determination of the application, the
responsible body refuses or deliberately omits to accept an
application for the admission of a person to the establishment
as a pupil the refusal or omission shall not be taken to contravene
any provision of this Act.
28. Sections 22, 23 and 25 do not apply to any further Exception for
education course being-
physical training.
( a) a course in physical training, or
(b) a course designed for teachers of physical training.
2G3
c. 65
1918 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART III
Discrimina-
tion in
provision
ofgoods,
facilities or
services.
Goods, facilities, services and premises
29.-(1 ) It is unlawful for any person concerned with the
provision (for payment or not) of goods, facilities or services
to the public or a section of the public to discriminate against
a woman who seeks to obtain or use those goods, facilities
or services-
(a) by refusing or deliberately omitting to provide her with
any of them, or
(b) by refusing or deliberately omitting to provide her with
goods, facilities or services of the like quality, in the
like manner and on the like terms as are normal in his
case in relation to male members of the public or (where
she belongs to a section of the public ) to male members
of that section.
( 2) The following are examples of the facilities and services
mentioned in subsection ( 1 )—
( a) access to and use of any place which members of the
public or a section of the public are permitted to enter ;
( b) accommodation in a hotel, boarding house or other
similar establishment ;
(c) facilities by way of banking or insurance or for grants,
loans, credit or finance ;
(d ) facilities for education ;
(e) facilities for entertainment, recreation or refreshment ;
( f ) facilities for transport or travel ;
( g) the services of any profession or trade, or any local
or other public authority.
( 3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that where
a particular skill is commonly exercised in a different way for
men and for women it does not contravene subsection ( 1) for
a person who does not normally exercise it for women to insist on
exercising it for a woman only in accordance with his normal
practice or, if he reasonably considers it impracticable to do that
in her case, to refuse or deliberately omit to exercise it.
Discrimina-
30.-( 1) It is unlawful for a person, in relation to premises
tion in disposal in Great Britain of which he has power to dispose, to dis-
ormanagement criminate against a woman-
ofpremises.
( a ) in the terms on which he offers her those premises, or
( b ) by refusing her application for those premises, or
( c) in his treatment of her in relation to any list of persons
in need of premises of that description .
c.65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1919
( 2) It is unlawful for a person, in relation to premises managed
PART III
by him, to discriminate against a woman occupying the
premises-
( a) in the way he affords her access to any benefits or
facilities, or by refusing or deliberately omitting to
afford her access to them, or
( b ) by evicting her, or subjecting her to any other detriment.
( 3) Subsection (1) does not apply to a person who owns an
estate or interest in the premises and wholly occupies them
unless he uses the services of an estate agent for the purposes
of the disposal of the premises, or publishes or causes to be
published an advertisement in connection with the disposal.
31.-( 1 ) Where the licence or consent of the landlord or of Discrimi-
any other person is required for the disposal to any person of nation: consent
premises in Great Britain comprised in a tenancy , it is unlawful for assignment or
for the landlord or other person to discriminate against a woman sub- letting.
by withholding the licence or consent for disposal of the premises
toher.
(2) Subsection (1) does not apply if-
( a ) the person withholding a licence or consent, or a near
relative of his ( " the relevant occupier ") resides, and
intends to continue to reside, on the premises, and
(b) there is on the premises, in addition to the accommoda-
tion occupied by the relevant occupier, accommodation
( not being storage accommodation or means of access)
shared by the relevant occupier with other persons
residing on the premises who are not members of his
household, and
( c) the premises are small premises as defined in section
32 (2) .
( 3) In this section " tenancy " means a tenancy created by a
lease or sub-lease, by an agreement for a lease or sub-lease or by
a tenancy agreement or in pursuance of any enactment ; and
66
disposal ", in relation to premises comprised in a tenancy,
includes assignment or assignation of the tenancy and sub-
letting or parting with possession of the premises or any part of
the premises.
( 4) This section applies to tenancies created before the passing
of this Act, as well as to others.
32.-( 1 ) Sections 29(1) and 30 do not apply to the provision Exception
by a person of accommodation in any premises, or the disposal for small
of premises by him, if- dwellings.
( a ) that person or a near relative of his ( " the relevant
occupier ") resides, and intends to continue to reside,
on the premises , and 2G4
1920 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c . 65
PART III
Exception for
political
parties .
Exception for
voluntary
bodies.
( b) there is on the premises, in addition to the accommoda-
tion occupied by the relevant occupier, accommodation
( not being storage accommodation or means of access)
shared by the relevant occupier with other persons
residing on the premises who are not members of his
household, and
( c) the premises are small premises.
( 2 ) Premises shall be treated for the purposes of subsection
(1) as small premises if-
( a ) in the case of premises comprising residential accom-
modation for one or more households (under separate
letting or similar agreements) in addition to the accom-
modation occupied by the relevant occupier, there is not
normally residential accommodation for more than two
such households and only the relevant occupier and
any member of his household reside in the accom-
modation occupied by him ;
( b ) in the case of premises not falling within paragraph (a),
there is not normally residential accommodation on the
premises for more than six persons in addition to the
relevant occupier and any members of his household.
33.- (1 ) This section applies to a political party if-
( a ) it has as its main object, or one of its main objects, the
promotion of parliamentary candidatures for the Par-
liament of the United Kingdom, or
( b ) it is an affiliate of, or has as an affiliate, or has similar
formal links with, a political party within paragraph
( a ).
( 2) Nothing in section 29( 1) shall be construed as affecting any
special provision for persons of one sex only in the constitu-
tion , organisation or administration of the political party.
( 3) Nothing in section 29(1 ) shall render unlawful an act done
in order to give effect to such a special provision.
34.- ( 1) This section applies to a body-
(a ) the activities of which are carried on otherwise than for
profit, and
( b) which was not set up by any enactment.
(2) Sections 29( 1) and 30 shall not be construed as rendering
unlawful-
( a) the restriction of membership of any such body to
persons of one sex (disregarding any minor exceptions),
or
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1921
( b) the provision of benefits, facilities or services to members of any such body where the membership is so restricted,
even though membership of the body is open to the public, or
to a section of the public.
( 3) Nothing in section 29 or 30 shall-
( a) be construed as affecting a provision to which this sub-
section applies, or
( b) render unlawful an act which is done in order to give
effect to such a provision.
PART III
( 4 ) Subsection (3) applies to a provision for conferring benefits
on persons of one sex only (disregarding any benefits to persons
of the opposite sex which are exceptional or are relatively
insignificant) , being a provision which constitutes the main object
of a body within subsection ( 1) .
35.-( 1 ) A person who provides at any place facilities or Further
services restricted to men does not for that reason contravene exceptions
section 29 ( 1 ) if—
from ss . 29(1)
and 30.
( a) the place is, or is part of, a hospital, reception centre
provided by the Supplementary Benefits Commission
or other establishment for persons requiring special
care, supervision or attention, or
(b) the place is (permanently or for the time being ) occupied
or used for the purposes of an organised religion, and
the facilities or services are restricted to men so as
to comply with the doctrines of that religion or avoid
offending the religious susceptibilities of a significant
number of its followers, or
( c) the facilities or services are provided for, or are likely to
be used by, two or more persons at the same time, and
(i) the facilities or services are such, or those per-
sons are such, that male users are likely to suffer
serious embarrassment at the presence of a woman,
or
(ii) the facilities or services are such that a user is
likely to be in a state of undress and a male user
might reasonably object to the presence of a female
user.
( 2) A person who provides facilities or services restricted to
men does not for that reason contravene section 29(1) if the ser-
vices or facilities are such that physical contact between the user
and any other person is likely, and that other person might
reasonably object if the user were a woman.
1922 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART III
( 3) Sections 29(1) and 30 do not apply-
( a ) to discrimination which is rendered unlawful by any
provision in column 1 of the table below, or
( b) to discrimination which would be so unlawful but for
any provision in column 2 of that table, or
( c ) to discrimination which contravenes a term modified or
included by virtue of an equality clause.
TABLE
Extent of
Part III .
Provision creating illegality
Part II ... ...
Section 22 or 23... ...
Exception
Sections 6(3) , 7 ( 1 ) (b) , 15( 4), 19
and 20.
Schedule 4 paragraphs 1 and 2.
Sections 26, 27 and 28.
Schedule 4 paragraph 4.
Extent
36. (1) Section 29(1)-
( a) does not apply to goods, facilities or services outside
Great Britain except as provided in subsections (2) and
( 3) , and
( b) does not apply to facilities by way of banking or
insurance or for grants, loans, credit or finance, where
the facilities are for a purpose to be carried out, or in
connection with risks wholly or mainly arising, outside
Great Britain.
(2) Section 29( 1) applies to the provision of facilities for travel
outside Great Britain where the refusal or omission occurs in
Great Britain or on a ship, aircraft or hovercraft within sub-
section (3) .
( 3) Section 29( 1 ) applies on and in relation to-
( a) any ship registered at a port of registry in Great Britain,
and
( b ) any aircraft or hovercraft registered in the United King-
dom and operated by a person who has his principal
place of business, or is ordinarily resident, in Great
Britain,
( c) any ship, aircraft or hovercraft belonging to or possessed
by Her Majesty in right of the Government of the
United Kingdom,
even if the ship, aircraft or hovercraft is outside Great Britain .
( 4 ) This section shall not render unlawful an act done in or
over a country outside the United Kingdom, or in or over that
country's territorial waters, for the purpose of complying with
the laws of that country.
c .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1923
( 5) Sections 22, 23 and 25 do not apply to benefits, facilities or services outside Great Britain except-
( a) travel on a ship registered at a port of registry in Great
Britain, and
( b) benefits , facilities or services provided on a ship so
registered.
PART III
PART IV
OTHER UNLAWFUL ACTS
37.- (1) In this section " discriminatory practice " means the Discrimi-
application of a requirement or condition which results in an natory
act of discrimination which is unlawful by virtue of any provision practices.
of Part II or III taken with section 1 ( 1) (b) or 3 ( 1) (b) or which
would be likely to result in such an act of discrimination if the
persons to whom it is applied were not all of one sex.
( 2) A person acts in contravention of this section if and so
long as-
( a ) he applies a discriminatory practice, or
( b) he operates practices or other arrangements which in
any circumstances would call for the application by
him of a discriminatory practice.
(3) Proceedings in respect of a contravention of this section
shall be brought only by the Commission in accordance with
sections 67 to 71 .
38.-( 1) It is unlawful to publish or cause to be published an Discrimina-
advertisement which indicates, or might reasonably be under- tory
stood as indicating, an intention by a person to do any act
advertisements .which is or might be unlawful by virtue of Part II or III .
( 2) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to an advertisement if the
intended act would not in fact be unlawful.
(3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) , use of a job description
66
with a sexual connotation (such as " waiter ", salesgirl ",
66
postman " or " stewardess ") shall be taken to indicate an
intention to discriminate, unless the advertisement contains an
indication to the contrary .
( 4) The publisher of an advertisement made unlawful by
subsection ( 1) shall not be subject to any liability under that
subsection in respect of the publication of the advertisement if
he proves-
( a) that the advertisement was published in reliance on a
statement made to him by the person who caused it
1924 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c . 65
PART IV
to be published to the effect that, by reason of the
operation of subsection ( 2), the publication would not
be unlawful, and
( b ) that it was reasonable for him to rely on the statement.
( 5 ) Aperson who knowingly or recklessly makes a statement
such as is referred to in subsection (4 ) which in a material respect
is false or misleading commits an offence, and shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
Instructions to
discriminate.
39. It is unlawful for a person-
( a) who has authority over another person, or
( b) in accordance with whose wishes that other person is
accustomed to act,
to instruct him to do any act which is unlawful by virtue of
Part II or III , or procure or attempt to procure the doing by him
of any such act.
Pressure to
discriminate.
40.- (1 ) It is unlawful to induce, or attempt to induce, a
person to do any act which contravenes Part II or III by-
( a) providing or offering to provide him with any benefit, or
( b ) subjecting or threatening to subject him to any detriment .
( 2 ) An offer or threat is not prevented from falling within sub-
section ( 1) because it is not made directly to the person in
question, if it is made in such a way that he is likely to hear of it .
Liability of 41.-( 1) Anything done by a person in the course of his
employers and employment shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as
principals. done by his employer as well as by him, whether or not it was
done with the employer's knowledge or approval.
( 2) Anything done by a person as agent for another person
with the authority (whether express or implied, and whether
precedent or subsequent ) of that other person shall be treated
for the purposes of this Act as done by that other person as well
as by him.
( 3) In proceedings brought under this Act against any person
in respect of an act alleged to have been done by an employee
of his it shall be a defence for that person to prove that he
took such steps as were reasonably practicable to prevent the
employee from doing that act, or from doing in the course
of his employment acts of that description.
Aiding 42.- ( 1 ) A person who knowingly aids another person to do
unlawful acts. an act made unlawful by this Act shall be treated for the
purposes of this Act as himself doing an unlawful act of the
like description .
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1925
c .65
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection (1) an employee or agent for whose act the employer or principal is liable under section
41 (or would be so liable but for section 41(3) ) shall be deemed
to aid the doing of the act by the employer or principal .
( 3) A person does not under this section knowingly aid an-
other to do an unlawful act if-
( a) he acts in reliance on a statement made to him by that
other person that , by reason of any provision of this
Act, the act which he aids would not be unlawful, and
(b) it is reasonable for him to rely on the statement.
( 4) A person who knowingly or recklessly makes a statement
such as is referred to in subsection (3)(a) which in a material
respect is false or misleading commits an offence, and shall be
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
PART IV
PART V
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS FROM PARTS II TO IV
43.- ( 1) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall—
( a ) be construed as affecting a provision to which this sub-
section applies, or
(b) render unlawful an act which is done in order to give
effect to such a provision.
( 2) Subsection (1) applies to a provision for conferring benefits
on persons of one sex only ( disregarding any benefits to persons
of the opposite sex which are exceptional or are relatively
insignificant) , being a provision which is contained in a charitable
instrument.
( 3) In the application of this section to England and Wales-
( a) " charitable instrument " means an enactment or other
instrument passed or made for charitable purposes, or
an enactment or other instrument so far as it relates to
charitable purposes ;
ود
( b) " charitable purposes means purposes which are
exclusively charitable according to the law of England
and Wales.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland " charitable
instrument " means an enactment or instrument passed or made
by or on behalf of a body of persons or trust established for
charitable purposes only.
Charities.
c. 65
1926 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PARTV
Sport etc.
Insurance etc.
Communal
accommo-
dation.
44. Nothing in Parts II to IV shall, in relation to any sport,
game or other activity of a competitive nature where the physical
strength, stamina or physique of the average woman puts her at
a disadvantage to the average man, render unlawful any act
related to the participation of a person as a competitor in events
involving that activity which are confined to competitors of
one sex.
45. Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful the treat-
ment of a person in relation to an annuity, life assurance policy,
accident insurance policy, or similar matter involving the assess-
ment of risk, where the treatment-
( a ) was effected by reference to actuarial or other data
from a source on which it was reasonable to rely, and
( b) was reasonable having regard to the data and any other
relevant factors .
46.- (1) In this section " communal accommodation " means
residential accommodation which includes dormitories or other
shared sleeping accommodation which for reasons of privacy or
decency should be used by men only, or by women only (but
which may include some shared sleeping accommodation for
men, and some for women, or some ordinary sleeping
accommodation) .
( 2 ) In this section " communal accommodation " also includes
residential accommodation all or part of which should be used
by men only, or by women only, because of the nature of the
sanitary facilities serving the accommodation.
( 3) Nothing in Part II or III shall render unlawful sex dis-
crimination in the admission of persons to communal accommo-
dation if the accommodation is managed in a way which, given
the exigencies of the situation, comes as near as may be to fair
and equitable treatment of men and women.
( 4 ) In applying subsection ( 3) account shall be taken of-
( a) whether and how far it is reasonable to expect that the
accommodation should be altered or extended, or that
further alternative accommodation should be provided ;
and
( b) the frequency of the demand or need for use of the
accommodation by men as compared with women.
(5 ) Nothing in Part II or III shall render unlawful sex dis-
crimination against a woman, or against a man, as respects the
provision of any benefit, facility or service if-
(a ) the benefit, facility or service cannot properly and effec-
tively be provided except for those using communal
accommodation, and
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1927
c. 65
(b) in the relevant circumstances the woman or, as the case
may be, the man could lawfully be refused the use of
the accommodation by virtue of subsection ( 3) .
(6) Neither subsection (3) nor subsection (5) is a defence to
an act of sex discrimination under Part II unless such arrange-
ments as are reasonably practicable are made to compensate for
the detriment caused by the discrimination ; but in considering
under subsection (5) (b) whether the use of communal accom-
modation could lawfully be refused (in a case based on Part II),
it shall be assumed that the requirements of this subsection have
been complied with as respects subsection (3).
( 7) Section 25 shall not apply to sex discrimination within
subsection (3) or (5).
(8) This section is without prejudice to the generality of
section 35 ( 1 ) (c) .
PARTV
47.-(1 ) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful Discrimi-
any act done in relation to particular work by a training body
natory training
bycertai
in, or in connection with-
bodies.
(a ) affording women only, or men only, access to facilities
for training which would help to fit them for that work,
or
(b) encouraging women only, or men only, to take advantage
of opportunities for doing that work,
where it appears to the training body that at any time within
the 12 months immediately preceding the doing of the act there
were no persons of the sex in question doing that work in Great
Britain, or the number of persons of that sex doing the work in
Great Britain was comparatively small.
(2) Where in relation to particular work it appears to a training
body that although the condition for the operation of subsection
(1) is not met for the whole of Great Britain it is met for an area
within Great Britain, nothing in Parts II to IV shall render
unlawful any act done by the training body in, or in connection
with-
(a) affording persons who are of the sex in question, and who
appear likely to take up that work in that area, access
to facilities for training which would help to fit them
for that work, or
(b ) encouraging persons of that sex to take advantage of
opportunities in the area for doing that work.
(3) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful any act
done by a training body in, or in connection with, affording
persons access to facilities for training which would help to fit
1928 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c .65
PART V
them for employment, where it appears to the training body that
those persons are in special need of training by reason of the
period for which they have been discharging domestic or family
responsibilities to the exclusion of regular full time employment.
The discrimination in relation to which this subsection applies
may result from confining the training to persons who have been
discharging domestic or family responsibilities, or from the way
persons are selected for training, or both.
( 4 ) In this section " training body " means-
( a) a person mentioned in section 14(2)(a) or (b), or
(b) any other person being a person designated for the pur-
poses of this section in an order made by or on behalf
of the Secretary of State,
and a person may be designated under paragraph (b) for the
purposes of subsections ( 1) and (2) only, or of subsection (3)
only, or for all those subsections .
Other
48.-( 1 ) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful any
discriminatory act done by an employer in relation to particular work in his
training etc. employment, being an act done in, or in connection with, -
(a) affording his female employees only, or his male em-
ployees only, access to facilities for training which
would help to fit them for that work, or
(b) encouraging women only, or men only, to take advan-
tage of opportunities for doing that work,
where at any time within the twelve months immediately pre-
ceding the doing of the act there were no persons of the sex
in question among those doing that work or the number of
persons of that sex doing the work was comparatively small.
( 2 ) Nothing in section 12 shall render unlawful any act done
by an organisation to which that section applies in, or in con-
nection with,-
( a ) affording female members of the organisation only,
or male members of the organisation only, access to
facilities for training which would help to fit them for
holding a post of any kind in the organisation, or
(b) encouraging female members only, or male members
only, to take advantage of opportunities for holding
such posts in the organisation,
where at any time within the twelve months immediately pre-
ceding the doing of the act there were no persons of the sex in
question among persons holding such posts in the organisation
or the number of persons of that sex holding such posts was
comparatively small.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1929
c. 65
( 3) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful any act done by an organisation to which section 12 applies in , or in connec-
tion with, encouraging women only, or men only, to become
members of the organisation where at any time within the twelve
months immediately preceding the doing of the act there were
no persons of the sex in question among those members or
the number of persons of that sex among the members was
comparatively small .
PART V
49.-(1) If an organisation to which section 12 applies Trade unions
comprises a body the membership of which is wholly or mainly etc .: elective
elected, nothing in section 12 shall render unlawful provision bodies.
which ensures that a minimum number of persons of one sex are
members of the body-
(a) by reserving seats on the body for persons of that sex,
or
(b) by making extra seats on the body available (by election
or co -option or otherwise) for persons of that sex on
occasions when the number of persons of that sex in
the other seats is below the minimum,
where in the opinion of the organisation the provision is in the
circumstances needed to secure a reasonable lower limit to the
number of members of that sex serving on the body ; and nothing
in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful any act done in order to
give effect to such a provision.
(2) This section shall not be taken as making lawful-
( a) discrimination in the arrangements for determining the
persons entitled to vote in an election of members of
the body, or otherwise to choose the persons to serve
on the body, or
(b) discrimination in any arrangements concerning member-
ship of the organisation itself.
50.-( 1 ) References in this Act to the affording by any person Indirect
of access to benefits, facilities or services are not limited to access to
benefits, facilities or services provided by that person himself, benefits etc.
but include any means by which it is in that person's power to
facilitate access to benefits, facilities or services provided by
any other person (the " actual provider ") .
( 2) Where by any provision of this Act the affording by any
person of access to benefits , facilities or services in a discrimina-
tory way is in certain circumstances prevented from being unlaw-
ful, the effect of the provision shall extend also to the liability
under this Act of any actual provider.
1930 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c.65
PARTV
51 .- ( 1 ) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful any
Actsdone
act done by a person if it was necessary for him to do it in
under statutory order to comply with a requirement-
authority.
( a ) of anAct passed before this Act ; or
( b ) of an instrument made or approved (whether before
or after the passing of this Act ) by or under an Act
passed before this Act.
( 2 ) Where an Act passed after this Act re - enacts (with or
without modification) a provision of an Act passed before this
Act, subsection ( 1) shall apply to that provision as re - enacted as
if it continued to be contained in an Act passed before this Act.
Acts
52.- ( 1 ) Nothing in Parts II to IV shall render unlawful an
safeguarding national
act done for the purpose of safeguarding national security.
security.
( 2 ) A certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a
Minister of the Crown and certifying that an act specified in the
certificate was done for the purpose of safeguarding national
security shall be conclusive evidence that it was done for that
purpose.
( 3) A document purporting to be a certificate such as is
mentioned in subsection ( 2) shall be received in evidence and,
unless the contrary is proved, shall be deemed to be such a
certificate.
Establishment
and duties of
Commission.
1970 с. 41.
PART VI
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES
COMMISSION
53.-( 1 ) There shall be a body of Commissioners named the
Equal Opportunities Commission, consisting of at least eight
but not more than fifteen individuals each appointed by the
Secretary of State on a full-time or part-time basis, which shall
have the following duties-
( a ) to work towards the elimination of discrimination,
( b) to promote equality of opportunity between men and
women generally, and
( c ) to keep under review the working of this Act and the
Equal Pay Act 1970 and, when they are so required by
the Secretary of State or otherwise think it necessary,
draw up and submit to the Secretary of State proposals
for amending them.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall appoint-
( a ) one of the Commissioners to be chairman of the Com-
mission, and
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1931
c. 65
( b ) either one or two of the Commissioners (as the Secretary
of State thinks fit ) to be deputy chairman or deputy
chairmen of the Commission.
(3) The Secretary of State may by order amend subsection
(1) so far as it regulates the number of Commissioners.
( 4) Schedule 3 shall have effect with respect to the Commission.
PARTVI
54.-(1 ) The Commission may undertake or assist (financially Research and
or otherwise) the undertaking by other persons of any research, education.
and any educational activities, which appear to the Commission
necessary or expedient for the purposes of section 53( 1) .
( 2) The Commission may make charges for educational or
other facilities or services made available by them.
55.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to the generality of section 53(1), Review of
the Commission, in pursuance of the duties imposed by discriminatory
paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection- provisions in
health and
( a) shall keep under review the relevant statutory provisions safety
in so far as they require men and women to be treated legislation .
differently, and
( b) if so required by the Secretary of State, make to him a
report on any matter specified by him which is con-
nected with those duties and concerns the relevant
statutory provisions.
Any such report shall be made within the time specified by
the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State shall cause the
report to be published.
(2) Whenever the Commission think it necessary, they shall
draw up and submit to the Secretary of State proposals for
amending the relevant statutory provisions.
( 3) The Commission shall carry out their duties in relation to
the relevant statutory provisions in consultation with the Health
and Safety Commission.
( 4 ) In this section " the relevant statutory provisions " has
the meaning given by section 53 of the Health and Safety at 1974 c. 37.
Work etc. Act 1974.
56.-(1 ) As soon as practicable after the end of each calendar Annual
year the Commission shall make to the Secretary of State a reports.
report on their activities during the year (an " annual report ") .
( 2 ) Each annual report shall include a general survey of
developments, during the period to which it relates, in respect
of matters falling within the scope of the Commission's duties .
c. 65
1932 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VI
(3) The Secretary of State shall lay a copy of every annual
report before each House of Parliament, and shall cause the
report to be published.
Investigations
Power to
57.-( 1) Without prejudice to their general power to do
conduct formal anything requisite for the performance of their duties under
investigations . section 53(1) , the Commission may if they think fit , and shall
if required by the Secretary of State, conduct a formal investiga-
tion for any purpose connected with the carrying out of those
duties.
( 2) The Commission may, with the approval of the Secretary of
State, appoint, on a full-time or part-time basis, one or more
individuals as additional Commissioners for the purposes of a
formal investigation.
( 3) The Commission may nominate one or more Commis-
sioners , with or without one or more additional Commissioners,
to conduct a formal investigation on their behalf, and may
delegate any of their functions in relation to the investigation
to the persons so nominated.
Terms of
reference.
58.- ( 1) The Commission shall not embark on a formal
investigation unless the requirements of this section have been
complied with.
( 2 ) Terms of reference for the investigation shall be drawn
up by the Commission or, if the Commission were required by
the Secretary of State to conduct the investigation, by the Secre
tary of State after consulting the Commission.
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Commission to give general
notice of the holding of the investigation unless the terms of
reference confine it to activities of persons named in them, but
in such a case the Commission shall in the prescribed manner
give those persons notice of the holding of the investigation.
( 4) The Commission or, if the Commission were required
by the Secretary of State to conduct the investigation, the
Secretary of State after consulting the Commission may from
time to time revise the terms of reference ; and subsections ( 1)
and (3) shall apply to the revised investigation and terms of
reference as they applied to the original.
Power to
59.-( 1 ) For the purposes of a formal investigation the Com-
obtain
information.
mission, by a notice in the prescribed form served on him in the
prescribed manner, -
(a) may require any person to furnish such written informa-
tion as may be described in the notice, and may specify
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1933
c.65
the time at which, and the manner and form in which,
PART VI
the information is to be furnished;
( b) may require any person to attend at such time and
place as is specified in the notice and give oral informa-
tion about, and produce all documents in his possession
or control relating to, any matter specified in the
notice .
(2) Except as provided by section 69, a notice shall be served
under subsection ( 1) only where-
( a) service of the notice was authorised by an order made
by or on behalf of the Secretary of State, or
( b) the terms of reference of the investigation state that
the Commission believe that a person named in them
may have done or may be doing acts of all or any of
the following descriptions-
(i) unlawful discriminatory acts,
(ii) contraventions of section 37,
(iii) contraventions of sections 38, 39 or 40, and
(iv) acts in breach of a term modified or included
by virtue of an equality clause,
and confine the investigation to those acts .
(3) A notice under subsection ( 1) shall not require a person-
( a) to give information, or produce any documents, which
he could not be compelled to give in evidence, or
produce, in civil proceedings before the High Court or
the Court of Session, or
(b) to attend at any place unless the necessary expenses of
his journey to and from that place are paid or tendered
tohim.
( 4 ) If a person fails to comply with a notice served on him
under subsection ( 1) or the Commission has reasonable cause to
believe that he intends not to comply with it , the Commission
may apply to a county court for an order requiring him to
comply with it or with such directions for the like purpose as
may be contained in the order ; and section 84 (penalty for
neglecting witness summons) of the County Courts Act 1959 1959 c. 22.
shall apply to failure without reasonable excuse to comply with
any such order as it applies in the cases there provided.
( 5) In the application of subsection ( 4) to Scotland-
( a ) for the reference to a county court there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to a sheriff court, and
(b ) for the words after " order ; and " to the end of the sub-
section there shall be substituted the words" paragraph
73 of the First Schedule to the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) 1907 c. 51 .
Act 1907 (power of sheriff to grant second diligence for
1934 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PARTVI
compelling the attendances of witnesses or havers) shall
apply to any such order as it applies in proceedings
in the sheriff court " .
( 6 ) Aperson commits an offence if he-
(a) wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals or destroys a docu-
ment which he has been required by a notice or order
under this section to produce, or
( b) in complying with such a notice or order, knowingly or
recklessly makes any statement which is false in a
material particular,
and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £400.
( 7) Proceedings for an offence under subsection (6) may
( without prejudice to any jurisdiction exercisable apart from this
subsection) be instituted-
( a ) against any person at any place at which he has an
office or other place of business ;
( b) against an individual at any place where he resides, or
at which he is for the time being.
Recommenda-
60.- (1) If in the light of any of their findings in a formal
tions and
reports on
investigation it appears to the Commission necessary or
formal
expedient, whether during the course of the investigation or
investigations . after its conclusion, -
( a) to make to any persons, with a view to promoting
equality of opportunity between men and women who
are affected by any of their activities , recommendations
for changes in their policies or procedures, or as to
any other matters , or
( b) to make to the Secretary of State any recommendations,
whether for changes in the law or otherwise,
the Commission shall make those recommendations accordingly.
( 2) The Commission shall prepare a report of their findings
in any formal investigation conducted by them.
(3) If the formal investigation is one required by the Secretary
ofState-
( a) the Commission shall deliver the report to the Secretary
of State, and
(b) the Secretary of State shall cause the report to be
published,
and unless required by the Secretary of State the Commission
shall not publish the report .
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1935
c .65
( 4 ) If the formal investigation is not one required by the Secretary of State, the Commission shall either publish the report,
or make it available for inspection in accordance with sub-
section (5).
PART VI
(5) Where under subsection (4) a report is to be made available
for inspection, any person shall be entitled, on payment of such
fee (if any) as may be determined by the Commission-
( a) to inspect the report during ordinary office hours and
take copies of all or any part of the report, or
(b) to obtain from the Commission a copy, certified by the
Commission to be correct, of the report.
( 6) The Commission may if they think fit determine that the
right conferred by subsection (5) (a) shall be exercisable in relation
to a copy of the report instead of, or in addition to, the original.
( 7) The Commission shall give general notice of the place or
places where, and the times when, reports may be inspected
under subsection (5) .
61. ( 1) No information given to the Commission by any Restriction on
disclosure of
person (" the informant ") in connection with a formal investiga- information.
tion shall be disclosed by the Commission, or by any person
who is or has been a Commissioner, additional Commissioner
or employee of the Commission, except-
( a ) on the order of any court, or
(b) with the informant's consent, or
( c ) in the form of a summary or other general statement
published by the Commission which does not identify
the informant or any other person to whom the informa-
tion relates, or
( d ) in a report of the investigation published by the Com-
mission or made available for inspection under section
60(5), or
(e) to the Commissioners, additional Commissioners or
employees of the Commission, or, so far as may be
necessary for the proper performance of the functions
of the Commission, to other persons, or
( f ) for the purpose of any civil proceedings under this Act
to which the Commission are a party, or any criminal
proceedings.
( 2) Any person who discloses information in contravention of
subsection ( 1 ) commits an offence and shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
1936 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c.65
PART VI ( 3) In preparing any report for publication or for inspection
the Commission shall exclude, so far as is consistent with their
duties and the object of the report, any matter which relates to
the private affairs of any individual or business interests of any
person where the publication of that matter might, in the opinion
of the Commission, prejudicially affect that individual or person.
PART VII
ENFORCEMENT
General
No further
62. (1) A contravention of this Act shall incur as such no
sanctions for
breach ofAct. sanction, whether civil or criminal, except to the extent (if any)
expressly provided by this Act.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) " sanction " includes the granting of an
injunction or declaration, but does not include the making of
an order of certiorari, mandamus or prohibition.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) does not affect the remedies available under
section 66(2), notwithstanding that subsection (2) would prevent
those remedies being obtainable in the High Court.
( 4 ) In relation to Scotland in subsection ( 1) " sanction " in-
cludes the granting of an interdict or of a declarator or a decree
ad factum praestandum, but otherwise nothing in this Act shall
affect any right to bring any proceedings, whether civil or
criminal, which might have been brought if this Act had not
been passed.
Jurisdiction
of industrial
tribunals.
Conciliation
in employ-
ment cases .
1970 с. 41 .
Enforcement in employment field
63.- (1 ) A complaint by any person ( " the complainant ") that
another person (" the respondent ") —
( a ) has committed an act of discrimination against the
complainant which is unlawful by virtue of Part II, or
(b) is by virtue of section 41 or 42 to be treated as having
committed such an act of discrimination against the
complainant,
may be presented to an industrial tribunal.
(2) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to a complaint under section
13( 1) of an act in respect of which an appeal, or proceedings in
the nature of an appeal, may be brought under any enactment.
64.- (1) Where a complaint has been presented to an indus-
trial tribunal under section 63, or under section 2( 1) of the Equal
Pay Act 1970, and a copy of the complaint has been sent to a
conciliation officer, it shall be the duty of the conciliation
officer-
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1937
с.65
( a ) if he is requested to do so both by the complainant
and the respondent, or
( b) if, in the absence of requests by the complainant and
the respondent , he considers that he could act under
this subsection with a reasonable prospect of success,
to endeavour to promote a settlement of the complaint without
its being determined by an industrial tribunal.
( 2) Where, before a complaint such as is mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) has been presented to an industrial tribunal, a request
is made to a conciliation officer to make his services available
in the matter by a person who, if the complaint were so
presented, would be the complainant or respondent, subsection
(1) shall apply as if the complaint had been so presented and
acopy of it had been sent to the conciliation officer.
( 3) In proceeding under subsection ( 1 ) or (2), a conciliation
officer shall where appropriate have regard to the desirability of
encouraging the use of other procedures available for the settle-
ment of grievances .
(4) Anything communicated to a conciliation officer in con-
nection with the performance of his functions under this section
shall not be admissible in evidence in any proceedings before
an industrial tribunal except with the consent of the person
who communicated it to that officer.
PART VII
65.-( 1 ) Where an industrial tribunal finds that a complaint Remedies on
presented to it under section 63 is well -founded the tribunal complaint
under
shall make such of the following as it considers just and section 63.
equitable-
( a ) an order declaring the rights of the complainant and
the respondent in relation to the act to which the
complaint relates ;
(b) an order requiring the respondent to pay to the com-
plainant compensation of an amount corresponding to
any damages he could have been ordered by a county
court or by a sheriff court to pay to the complainant
if the complaint had fallen to be dealt with under
section 66 ;
( c ) a recommendation that the respondent take within a
specified period action appearing to the tribunal to be
practicable for the purpose of obviating or reducing the
adverse effect on the complainant of any act of dis-
crimination to which the complaint relates .
( 2) The amount of compensation awarded to a person under
subsection ( 1) (b) shall not exceed the amount for the time being
specified in paragraph 20( 1 ) (b) of Schedule 1 to the Trade Union 1974 c. 52.
and Labour Relations Act 1974.
c .65
1938 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VII
( 3) If without reasonable justification the respondent to a
complaint fails to comply with a recommendation made by an
industrial tribunal under subsection ( 1)(c ), then, if they think it
just and equitable to do so-
( a ) the tribunal may increase the amount of compensation
required to be paid to the complainant in respect of
the complaint by an order made under subsection
( 1 )(b), or
( b) if an order under subsection ( 1) (b) could have been
made but was not, the tribunal may make such an
order.
Claims under
Part III .
Enforcement of Part III
66.-( 1) A claim by any person ( " the claimant ") that another
person ( " the respondent ")—
( a ) has committed an act of discrimination against the
claimant which is unlawful by virtue of Part III, or
( b) is by virtue of section 41 or 42 to be treated as having
committed such an act of discrimination against the
claimant,
may be made the subject of civil proceedings in like manner as
any other claim in tort or ( in Scotland ) in reparation for breach
of statutory duty.
(2) Proceedings under subsection ( 1 )--
(a) shall be brought in England and Wales only in a county
court, and
(b) shall be brought in Scotland only in a sheriff court,
but all such remedies shall be obtainable in such proceedings
as, apart from this subsection, would be obtainable in the High
Court or the Court of Session, as the case may be.
(3) As respects an unlawful act of discrimination falling within
section 1 ( 1) (b) (or, where this section is applied by section
65( 1 ) (b), section 3( 1)(b) ) no award of damages shall be made if
the respondent proves that the requirement or condition in ques-
tion was not applied with the intention of treating the claimant
unfavourably on the ground of his sex or marital status as the
case may be.
( 4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
damages in respect of an unlawful act of discrimination may
include compensation for injury to feelings whether or not they
include compensation under any other head.
( 5) Civil proceedings in respect of a claim by any person that
he has been discriminated against in contravention of section 22
or 23 by a body to which section 25( 1) applies shall not be
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1939
instituted unless the claimant has given notice of the claim to the Secretary of State and either the Secretary of State has by
notice informed the claimant that the Secretary of State does
not require further time to consider the matter, or the period of
two months has elapsed since the claimant gave notice to the
Secretary of State ; but nothing in this subsection applies to a
counterclaim.
PART VII
(6) For the purposes of proceedings under subsection ( 1 ) —
( a) section 91( 1) (power of judge to appoint assessors) of
the County Courts Act 1959 shall apply with the 1959 с. 22.
omission of the words " on the application of any
party ", and
( b) the remuneration of assessors appointed under the said
section 91 ( 1 ) shall be at such rate as may be determined
by the Lord Chancellor with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service .
( 7) For the purpose of proceedings before the sheriff, provision
may be made by act of sederunt for the appointment of assessors
by him, and the remuneration of any assessors so appointed
shall be at such rate as the Lord President of the Court of
Session with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
may determine.
( 8) A county court or sheriff court shall have jurisdiction to
entertain proceedings under subsection ( 1) with respect to an
act done on a ship, aircraft or hovercraft outside its district,
including such an act done outside Great Britain .
Non-discrimination notices
67.- ( 1) This section applies to-
( a ) an unlawful discriminatory act, and
(b) a contravention of section 37, and
(c) a contravention of section 38, 39 or 40, and
( d ) an act in breach of a term modified or included by virtue
of an equality clause,
and so applies whether or not proceedings have been brought in
respect of the act.
( 2) If in the course of a formal investigation the Commission
become satisfied that a person is committing, or has committed,
any such acts, the Commission may in the prescribed manner
serve on him a notice in the prescribed form ( " a non-discrimina-
tion notice ") requiring him-
( a) not to commit any such acts, and
Issue of
non- discrimi-
nation notice.
1940 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART VII
( b) where compliance with paragraph ( a) involves changes
in any of his practices or other arrangements-
(i ) to inform the Commission that he has effected
those changes and what those changes are, and
(ii ) to take such steps as may be reasonably re-
quired by the notice for the purpose of affording that
information to other persons concerned.
(3) A non- discrimination notice may also require the person
on whom it is served to furnish the Commission with such other
information as may be reasonably required by the notice in
order to verify that the notice has been complied with.
( 4 ) The notice may specify the time at which, and the manner
and form in which, any information is to be furnished to the
Commission, but the time at which any information is to be
furnished in compliance with the notice shall not be later than
five years after the notice has become final.
( 5 ) The Commission shall not serve a non- discrimination
notice in respect of any person unless they have first-
(a) given him notice that they are minded to issue a non-
discrimination notice in his case, specifying the grounds
on which they contemplate doing so, and
(b) offered him an opportunity of making oral or written
representations in the matter (or both oral and written
representations if he thinks fit ) within a period of not
less than 28 days specified in the notice, and
(c) taken account of any representations so made by him .
(6) Subsection (2 ) does not apply to any acts in respect of
which the Secretary of State could exercise the powers conferred
on him by section 25(2) and ( 3) ; but if the Commission become
aware of any such acts they shall give notice of them to the
Secretary of State .
(7) Section 59( 4) shall apply to requirements under subsection
(2) (b), (3) and ( 4 ) contained in a non-discrimination notice which
has become final as it applies to requirements in a notice served
under section 59 (1 ) .
Appeal
68.- (1) Not later than six weeks after a non- discrimination
against
non- discrimi-
notice is served on any person he may appeal against any
nation notice. requirement of the notice-
( a ) to an industrial tribunal, so far as the requirement
relates to acts which are within the jurisdiction of the
tribunal ;
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1941
c. 65
( b) to a county court or to a sheriff court so far as the requirement relates to acts which are within the juris-
diction of the court and are not within the jurisdiction
of an industrial tribunal .
( 2 ) Where the court or tribunal considers a requirement in
respect of which an appeal is brought under subsection ( 1) to
be unreasonable because it is based on an incorrect finding of
fact or for any other reason, the court or tribunal shall quash
the requirement.
( 3) On quashing a requirement under subsection ( 2) the court
or tribunal may direct that the non- discrimination notice shall
be treated as if , in place of the requirement quashed, it had
contained a requirement in terms specified in the direction.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 1) does not apply to a requirement treated as
included in a non- discrimination notice by virtue of a direction
under subsection (3 ) .
PART VII
69.- (1) If- Investigation
as to
( a) the terms of reference of a formal investigation state compliance
that its purpose is to determine whether any require with non-
ments of a non- discrimination notice are being or have discrimination
been carried out, but section 59(2)(b) does not apply, notice.
and
(b) section 58(3) is complied with in relation to the investi-
gation on a date ( " the commencement date ") not later
than the expiration of the period of five years beginning
when the non- discrimination notice became final,
the Commission may within the period referred to in subsection
(2) serve notices under section 59(1) for the purposes of the
investigation without needing to obtain the consent of the
Secretary of State.
( 2) The said period begins on the commencement date and
ends on the later of the following dates-
( a ) the date on which the period of five years mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) (b) expires ;
( b) the date two years after the commencement date.
70.-( 1 ) The Commission shall establish and maintain a Register
register ( " the register ") of non-discrimination notices which of non-
discrimi-
have become final.
nation notices .( 2 ) Any person shall be entitled, on payment of such fee (if
any) as may be determined by the Commission, -
( a ) to inspect the register during ordinary office hours and
take copies of any entry, or
1942 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
PART VII
( b) to obtain from the Commission a copy, certified by the
Commission to be correct, of any entry in the register.
( 3) The Commission may, if they think fit , determine that
the right conferred by subsection (2)( a) shall be exercisable in
relation to a copy of the register instead of , or in addition to,
the original .
( 4 ) The Commission shall give general notice of the place
or places where, and the times when, the register or a copy of
it may be inspected.
Persistent
discrimi-
nation.
1970 с. 41 .
Other enforcement by Commission
71.- (1 ) If, during the period of five years beginning on the
date on which either of the following became final in the case of
any person, namely, -
( a) a non- discrimination notice served on him,
( b) a finding by a court or tribunal under section 63 or 66,
or section 2 of the Equal Pay Act 1970, that he has
done an unlawful discriminatory act or an act in breach
of a term modified or included by virtue of an equality
clause,
it appears to the Commission that unless restrained he is likely
to do one or more acts falling within paragraph (b), or contra-
vening section 37, the Commission may apply to a county court
for an injunction, or to the sheriff court for an order, restraining
him from doing so ; and the court, if satisfied that the applica-
tion is well-founded, may grant the injunction or order in the
terms applied for or in more limited terms.
( 2) In proceedings under this section the Commission shall not
allege that the person to whom the proceedings relate has done
an act which is within the jurisdiction of an industrial tribunal
unless a finding by an industrial tribunal that he did that act
has become final .
Enforcement
72.-( 1 ) Proceedings in respect of a contravention of section
of ss. 38 to 40. 38, 39 or 40 shall be brought only by the Commission in
accordance with the following provisions of this section .
( 2 ) The proceedings shall be-
( a) an application for a decision whether the alleged con-
travention occurred, or
( b) an application under subsection (4 ) below,
orboth.
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1943
(3) An application under subsection (2) (a) shall be made
( a) in a case based on any provision of Part II, to an indus-
trial tribunal, and
( b) in any other case to a county court or sheriff court.
( 4) If it appears to the Commission-
(a ) that a person has done an act which by virtue of section
38, 39 or 40 was unlawful, and
( b) that unless restrained he is likely to do further acts
which by virtue of that section are unlawful,
the Commission may apply to a county court for an injunction,
or to a sheriff court for an order, restraining him from doing
such acts ; and the court , if satisfied that the application is
well-founded, may grant the injunction or an order in the terms
applied for or more limited terms.
( 5) In proceedings under subsection ( 4) the Commission shall
not allege that the person to whom the proceedings relate has
done an act which is unlawful under this Act and within the
jurisdiction of an industrial tribunal unless a finding by an in-
dustrial tribunal that he did that act has become final .
PART VII
73.- (1 ) With a view to making an application under section Preliminary
71 ( 1 ) or 72(4) in relation to a person the Commission may action in
present to an industrial tribunal a complaint that he has done an employment
act within the jurisdiction of an industrial tribunal, and if the cases.
tribunal considers that the complaint is well- founded they shall
make a finding to that effect and, if they think it just and equit-
able to do so in the case of an act contravening any provision of
Part II may also ( as if the complaint had been presented by the
person discriminated against ) make an order such as is referred
to in section 65( 1) ( a) , or a recommendation such as is referred
to in section 65( 1 )(c), or both.
( 2) Subsection (1) is without prejudice to the jurisdiction con-
ferred by section 72( 2) .
(3) Any finding of an industrial tribunal under-
(a ) this Act, or
(b) the Equal Pay Act 1970,
1970 с. 41 .in respect of any act shall, if it has become final, be treated
as conclusive-
( i) by the county court or sheriff court on an application
under section 71( 1) or 72( 4) or in proceedings on an
equality clause,
(ii) by an industrial tribunal on a complaint made by the
person affected by the act under section 63 or in relation
to an equality clause.
c.65
1944 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VII
1970 с. 41 .
( 4 ) In sections 71 and 72 and this section, the acts “ within
the jurisdiction of an industrial tribunal " are those in respect
of which such jurisdiction is conferred by sections 63 and 72
and by section 2 of the Equal Pay Act 1970.
Help for persons suffering discrimination
Help for aggrieved
74.- (1) With a view to helping a person (" the person
persons in ob- aggrieved ") who considers he may have been discriminated
taining information
against in contravention of this Act to decide whether to institute
proceedings and , if he does so, to formulate and present his
etc.
case in the most effective manner, the Secretary of State shall
by order prescribe-
(a ) forms by which the person aggrieved may question the
respondent on his reasons for doing any relevant act,
or on any other matter which is or may be relevant ;
( b) forms by which the respondent may if he so wishes
reply to any questions .
( 2) Where the person aggrieved questions the respondent
( whether in accordance with an order under subsection ( 1) or
not) -
( a) the question, and any reply by the respondent (whether
in accordance with such an order or not) shall, subject
to the following provisions of this section, be admissible
as evidence in the proceedings ;
( b) if it appears to the court or tribunal that the respondent
deliberately, and without reasonable excuse, omitted
to reply within a reasonable period or that his reply is
evasive or equivocal, the court or tribunal may draw
any inference from that fact that it considers it just
and equitable to draw, including an inference that he
committed an unlawful act.
(3) The Secretary of State may by order-
(a) prescribe the period within which questions must be
duly served in order to be admissible under subsection
( 2) (a), and
( b) prescribe the manner in which a question, and any reply
by the respondent, may be duly served.
( 4 ) Rules may enable the court entertaining a claim under
section 66 to determine, before the date fixed for the hearing
of the claim, whether a question or reply is admissible under
this section or not.
( 5) This section is without prejudice to any other enactment
or rule of law regulating interlocutory and preliminary matters
in proceedings before a county court, sheriff court or industrial
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1945
c . 65
tribunal, and has effect subject to any enactment or rule of law regulating the admissibility of evidence in such proceedings.
( 6 ) In this section " respondent " includes a prospective
respondent and " rules " -
( a ) in relation to county court proceedings, means county
court rules ;
( b) in relation to sheriff court proceedings, means sheriff
court rules.
PART VII
75.-( 1 ) Where, in relation to proceedings or prospective Assistance by
proceedings either under this Act or in respect of an equality Commission.
clause, an individual who is an actual or prospective complain-
ant or claimant applies to the Commission for assistance under
this section, the Commission shall consider the application and
may grant it if they think fit to do so on the ground that-
(a) the case raises a question of principle, or
(b) it is unreasonable, having regard to the complexity of the
case or the applicant's position in relation to the
respondent or another person involved or any other
matter, to expect the applicant to deal with the case
unaided,
or by reason of any other special consideration .
( 2) Assistance by the Commission under this section may
include-
(a) giving advice ;
( b) procuring or attempting to procure the settlement of any
matter in dispute ;
(c) arranging for the giving of advice or assistance by a
solicitor or counsel ;
(d ) arranging for representation by any person including all
such assistance as is usually given by a solicitor or
counsel in the steps preliminary or incidental to any
proceedings, or in arriving at or giving effect to a
compromise to avoid or bring to an end any
proceedings,
but paragraph (d ) shall not affect the law and practice regulating
the descriptions of persons who may appear in, conduct, defend
and address the court in, any proceedings.
( 3) In so far as expenses are incurred by the Commission in
providing the applicant with assistance under this section the
recovery of those expenses (as taxed or assessed in such manner
as may be prescribed by rules or regulations) shall constitute a
first charge for the benefit of the Commission-
(a) on any costs or expenses which (whether by virtue of a
Part II 2H
с .65
1946 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VII
1974 с. 4.
1974 с. 52.
judgment or order of a court or tribunal or an agree-
ment or otherwise) are payable to the applicant by any
other person in respect of the matter in connection with
which the assistance is given, and
( b) so far as relates to any costs or expenses, on his rights
under any compromise or settlement arrived at in
connection with that matter to avoid or bring to an end
any proceedings.
( 4 ) The charge conferred by subsection ( 3) is subject to any
charge under the Legal Aid Act 1974, or any charge or obligation
for payment in priority to other debts under the Legal Aid and
Advice (Scotland) Acts 1967 and 1972, and is subject to any
provision in any of those Acts for payment of any sum into the
legal aid fund.
( 5 ) In this section " respondent " includes a prospective
ود
respondent and " rules or regulations " -
( a) in relation to county court proceedings, means county
court rules ;
( b) in relation to sheriff court proceedings, means sheriff
court rules ;
( c ) in relation to industrial tribunal proceedings, means
regulations made under paragraph 21 of Schedule 1 to
the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974.
Period within which proceedings to be brought
Period within
76.-( 1 ) An industrial tribunal shall not consider a complaint
which pro-
under section 63 unless it is presented to the tribunal before
ceedings to be the end of the period of three months beginning when the
brought . act complained of was done.
( 2) A county court or a sheriff court shall not consider a
claim under section 66 unless proceedings in respect of the claim
are instituted before the end of the period of six months
beginning-
(a) when the act complained of was done, or
(b) in a case to which section 66(5) applies, when the restric-
tion on the institution of proceedings imposed by
that provision ceased to operate.
(3) A county court or sheriff court shall not consider an
application under section 72 unless it is made before the end of
the period of six months beginning when the act to which it
relates was done.
( 4 ) An industrial tribunal shall not consider a complaint under
section 73( 1 ) unless it is presented to the tribunal before the
end of the period of six months beginning when the act
complained of was done.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1947
c.65
( 5) A court or tribunal may nevertheless consider any such
complaint, claim or application which is out of time if, in all
the circumstances of the case, it considers that it is just and
equitable to do so.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section-
(a) where the inclusion of any term in a contract renders the
making of the contract an unlawful act that act shall
be treated as extending throughout the duration of the
contract , and
( b) any act extending over a period shall be treated as done
at the end of that period, and
(c) a deliberate omission shall be treated as done when
the person in question decided upon it,
and in the absence of evidence establishing the contrary a person
shall be taken for the purposes of this section to decide upon
an omission when he does an act inconsistent with doing the
omitted act or, if he has done no such inconsistent act, when the
period expires within which he might reasonably have been
expected to do the omitted act if it was to be done.
PART VII
PART VIII
SUPPLEMENTAL
77.- ( 1 ) A term of a contract is void where-
Validity and
( a ) its inclusion renders the making of the contract unlawful revision of
contracts.
by virtue of this Act, or
( b) it is included in furtherance of an act rendered unlawful
by this Act, or
(c) it provides for the doing of an act which would be
rendered unlawful by this Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) does not apply to a term the inclusion of
which constitutes, or is in furtherance of, or provides for, unlaw-
ful discrimination against a party to the contract, but the term
shall be unenforceable against that party.
(3) A term in a contract which purports to exclude or limit
any provision of this Act or the Equal Pay Act 1970 is unenforce- 1970 с. 41 .
able by any person in whose favour the term would operate
apart from this subsection.
( 4) Subsection (3) does not apply-
( a ) to a contract settling a complaint to which section 63( 1 )
of this Act or section 2 of the Equal Pay Act 1970
applies where the contract is made with the assistance
of a conciliation officer ;
( b) to a contract settling a claim to which section 66 applies .
2H2
c .65
1948 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VIII
Educational
charities in
England and
Wales.
( 5) On the application of any person interested in a contract
to which subsection ( 2) applies, a county court or sheriff court
may make such order as it thinks just for removing or modifying
any term made unenforceable by that subsection ; but such an
order shall not be made unless all persons affected have been
given notice of the application (except where under rules of court
notice may be dispensed with) and have been afforded an oppor-
tunity to make representations to the court.
(6) An order under subsection ( 5 ) may include provision
as respects any period before the making of the order.
78.- ( 1) This section applies to any trust deed or other
instrument-
( a ) which concerns property applicable for or in connection
with the provision of education in any establishment in
paragraphs 1 to 5 of the Table in section 22, and
(b ) which in any way restricts the benefits available under
the instrument to persons of one sex.
(2) If on the application of the trustees, or of the responsible
body (as defined in section 22), the Secretary of State is satisfied
that the removal or modification of the restriction would conduce
to the advancement of education without sex discrimination, he
may by order make such modifications of the instrument as
appear to him expedient for removing or modifying the restric-
tion, and for any supplemental or incidental purposes.
( 3) If the trust was created by gift or bequest, no order shall
be made until 25 years after the date on which the gift or bequest
took effect, unless the donor or his personal representatives, or
the personal representatives of the testator, have consented in
writing to the making of the application for the order.
(4) The Secretary of State shall require the applicant to publish
notice-
( a) containing particulars of the proposed order, and
(b) stating that representations may be made to the Secretary
of State within a period specified in the notice.
(5) The period specified in the notice shall not be less than
one month from the date of the notice.
(6) The applicants shall publish the notice in such manner as
may be specified by the Secretary of State, and the cost of any
publication of the notice may be defrayed out of the property of
the trust.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1949
c. 65
( 7 ) Before making the order the Secretary of State shall take into account any representations duly made in accordance with
the notice.
PART VIII
(8) This section does not apply in Scotland.
79.- ( 1 ) This section applies to any educational endowment Educational
to which Part VI of the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1962 applies endowments
etc. to which
and which in any way restricts the benefit of the endowment to Part VI of the
persons of one sex, and any reference to an educational endow- Education
ment in this section includes a reference to- ( Scotland ) Act
(a) a scheme made or approved for that endowment under 1962 applies.
that Part of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 ; 1962 с. 47.
(b) any endowment which is, by virtue of section 121 ( 1) of
that Act, dealt with as if it were an educational endow-
ment ; and
(c) a university endowment, the Carnegie Trust, a theological
endowment and a new endowment.
( 2) If, on the application of the governing body of an educa-
tional endowment, the Secretary of State is satisfied that the
removal or modification of the provision which restricts the
benefit of the endowment to persons of one sex would conduce
to the advancement of education without sex discrimination, he
may, by order, make such modifications to the endowment as
appear to him expedient for removing or modifying the restriction
and for any supplemental or incidental purposes.
(3) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an order
under this section, he shall publish a notice, in such manner as
he thinks sufficient for giving information to persons whom he
considers may be interested in the endowment-
( a) containing particulars of the proposed order ; and
( b) stating that representations may be made with respect
thereto within such period as may be specified in the
notice, not being less than one month from the date of
publication of the notice,
and the cost of publication of any such notice shall be paid out
of the funds of the endowment to which the notice relates.
(4) Before making any order under this section, the Secretary
of State shall consider any representations duly made in accor-
dance with the said notice and he may cause a local inquiry to
be held into such representations under section 68 of the
Education (Scotland) Act 1962.
(5) Without prejudice to section 81(5) of this Act, any order
made under this section may be varied or revoked in a scheme
made or approved under Part VI of the Education (Scotland)
Act 1962.
2H3
c . 65
1950 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VIII
1962 с. 47.
Power to
amend certain
provisions
ofAct.
Orders.
( 6) For paragraph (b) of section 123( 1) of the Education
(Scotland) Act 1962, there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" (b) where he considers it expedient to do so, provide for
extending to both sexes the benefit of the endowment " .
(7 ) This section shall be construed as one with Part VI of the
Education ( Scotland) Act 1962.
80.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by an order the draft of
which has been approved by each House of Parliament-
( a) amend any of the following provisions, namely, sections
6( 3), 7, 19, 20( 1 ), (2) and (3), 31 (2), 32, 34, 35 and 43 to
48 (including any such provision as amended by a
previous order under this subsection) ;
( b ) amend or repeal any of the following provisions ,
namely, sections 11 ( 4), 12(4), 33 and 49 (including any
such provision as amended by a previous order under
this subsection) ;
( c ) amend Part II, III or IV so as to render lawful an act
which, apart from the amendment, would be unlawful
by reason of section 6(1) or (2), 29( 1), 30 or 31 ;
( d ) amend section 11 ( 1) so as to alter the number of partners
specified in that provision.
(2) The Secretary of State shall not lay before Parliament the
draft of an order under subsection (1) unless he has consulted
the Commission about the contents of the draft.
( 3) An order under subsection ( 1 )(c) may make such amend-
ments to the list of provisions given in subsection ( 1)(a) as in the
opinion of the Secretary of State are expedient having regard
to the contents of the order.
81.-( 1 ) Any power of the Secretary of State to make orders
under the provisions of this Act (except sections 14(2) (d ) , 27,
47(4) (b) and 59(2) ) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 2) An order made by the Secretary of State under the
preceding provisions of this Act (except sections 14( 2) (d ) , 27,
47(4) (b) , 59 ( 2) and 80(1 ) ) shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) Subsections ( 1 ) and (2) do not apply to an order under
section 78 or 79, but-
(a ) an order under section 78 which modifies an enactment,
and
(b) any order under section 79 other than one which relates
to an endowment to which section 128 of the Educa-
tion (Scotland) Act 1962 (small endowments) applies,
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1951
shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4) An order under this Act may make different provision in
relation to different cases or classes of case, may exclude certain
cases or classes of case, and may contain transitional provisions
and savings.
( 5) Any power conferred by this Act to make orders includes
power ( exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like con-
ditions) to vary or revoke any order so made.
PART VIII
82.- (1 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires- General
66
access interpretation
cess " shall be construed in accordance with section provisions.
50 ;
"
act " includes a deliberate omission ;
" advertisement " includes every form of advertisement,
whether to the public or not, and whether in a news-
paper or other publication, by television or radio, by
display of notices, signs, labels, showcards or goods,
by distribution of samples, circulars, catalogues, price
lists or other material, by exhibition of pictures, models
or films, or in any other way, and references to the
publishing of advertisements shall be construed
accordingly ;
" associated employer " shall be construed in accordance
with subsection (2) ;
" the Commission " means the Equal Opportunities
Commission ;
" Commissioner " means a member of the Commission :
" conciliation officer " means a person appointed under
paragraph 26( 1) of Schedule 1 to the Trade Union and 1974 c. 52.
Labour Relations Act 1974 ;
66
designate " shall be construed in accordance with sub-
section (3) ;
" discrimination " and related terms shall be construed in
accordance with section 5( 1) ;
66 dispose " , in relation to premises, includes granting a right
to occupy the premises, and any reference to acquiring
premises shall be construed accordingly ;
" education " includes any form of training or instruction ;
" education authority " and " educational establishment "
in relation to Scotland have the same meaning as they
have respectively in section 145( 16 ) and ( 17 ) of the
Education (Scotland ) Act 1962 1962 с. 47.
2H4
c .65
1952 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VIII
1970 с. 41.
1890 с. 39.
1944 с. 31 .
1962 с. 47.
1964 с. 16.
" employment " means employment under a contract of ser-
vice or of apprenticeship or a contract personally to
execute any work or labour, and related expressions
shall be construed accordingly ;
" employment agency " means a person who, for profit or
not, provides services for the purpose of finding em-
ployment for workers or supplying employers with
workers ;
" equality clause " has the meaning given in section 1( 2) of
the Equal Pay Act 1970 (as set out in section 8( 1 ) of
this Act ) ;
" estate agent " means a person who, by way of profession
or trade, provides services for the purpose of finding
premises for persons seeking to acquire them or assist-
ing in the disposal of premises ;
" final " shall be construed in accordance with sub-
section (4) ;
" firm " has the meaning given by section 4 of the Partner-
ship Act 1890 ;
"
" formal investigation means an investigation under
section 57 ;
" further education " has the meaning given by section 41 (a)
of the Education Act 1944 and in Scotland has the
meaning given by section 145(21) of the Education
( Scotland ) Act 1962 ;
" general notice ", in relation to any person, means a notice
published by him at a time and in a manner appearing
to him suitable for securing that the notice is seen
within a reasonable time by persons likely to be
affected by it ;
" genuine occupational qualification " shall be construed in
accordance with section 7(2) ;
" Great Britain " includes such of the territorial waters of
the United Kingdom as are adjacent to Great Britain ;
" independent school " has the meaning given by section
114( 1) of the Education Act 1944 and in Scotland has
the meaning given by section 145(23) of the Education
( Scotland) Act 1962 ;
" industrial tribunal " means a tribunal established under
section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964 ;
"
man" includes a male of any age ;
66
managers " has the same meaning for Scotland as in
section 145(26) of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 ;
near relative " shall be construed in accordance with sub-
section (5) ;
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1953
c . 65
" non- discrimination notice " means a notice under section
PART VIII
; 67
" notice " means a notice in writing ;
66
ود
prescribed means prescribed by regulations made by
the Secretary of State by statutory instrument ;
profession " includes any vocation or occupation ;
" proprietor ", in relation to any school, has the meaning
given by section 114( 1) of the Education Act 1944 and 1944 с . 31 .
in Scotland has the meaning given by section 145(37)
of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 ;
1962 с. 47.
" pupil " in Scotland includes a student of any age ;
" retirement " includes retirement (whether voluntary or not )
on grounds of age, length of service or incapacity ;
" school " has the meaning given by section 114( 1) of the
Education Act 1944, and in Scotland has the meaning
given by section 145( 42) of the Education (Scotland )
Act 1962 ;
" school education " has the meaning given by section
145( 43A) of the Education (Scotland ) Act 1962 ;
"
trade " includes any business ;
"
training " includes any form of education or instruction ;
" university " includes a university college and the college,
school or hall of a university ;
"
" upper limit of compulsory school age means, subject
to section 9 of the Education Act 1962, the age that is 1962 c. 12.
that limit by virtue of section 35 of the Education
Act 1944 and the Order in Council made under that
section ;
" woman" includes a female of any age .
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Act two employers are to be
treated as associated if one is a company of which the other
( directly or indirectly) has control or if both are companies of
which a third person ( directly or indirectly) has control.
(3) Any power conferred by this Act to designate establish-
ments or persons may be exercised either by naming them or by
identifying them by reference to a class or other description.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act a non- discrimination notice
or a finding by a court or tribunal becomes final when an appeal
against the notice or finding is dismissed, withdrawn or aban-
doned or when the time for appealing expires without an appeal
having been brought ; and for this purpose an appeal against
a non- discrimination notice shall be taken to be dismissed if,
notwithstanding that a requirement of the notice is quashed on
appeal, a direction is given in respect of it under section 68(3) .
c. 65
1954 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VIII
Transitional
and
commence-
ment
provisions,
amendments
and repeals.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this Act a person is a near relative
of another if that person is the wife or husband, a parent or
child, a grandparent or grandchild, or a brother or sister of the
other (whether of full blood or half-blood or by affinity) , and
" child " includes an illegitimate child and the wife or husband
of an illegitimate child.
(6) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any refer-
ence in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment,
including this Act.
( 7 ) In this Act, except where otherwise indicated-
(a) a reference to a numbered Part, section or Schedule
is a reference to the Part or section of, or the Schedule
to, this Act so numbered, and
(b) a reference in a section to a numbered subsection is a
reference to the subsection of that section so numbered,
and
(c) a reference in a section, subsection or Schedule to a
numbered paragraph is a reference to the paragraph of
that section, subsection or Schedule so numbered, and
( d ) a reference to any provision of an Act (including this
Act) includes a Schedule incorporated in the Act by
that provision.
83.-( 1 ) The provisions of Schedule 4 shall have effect for
making transitional provision for the purposes of this Act.
( 2) Parts II to VII shall come into operation on such day as
the Secretary of State may by order appoint, and different days
may be so appointed for different provisions and for different
purposes.
( 3) Subject to subsection (4) —
( a) the enactments specified in Schedule 5 shall have effect
subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule
( being minor amendments or amendments consequen-
tial on the preceding provisions of this Act), and
(b) the enactments specified in Schedule 6 are hereby
repealed to the extent shown in column 3 of that
Schedule.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall by order provide for the
coming into operation of the amendments contained in Schedule
5 and the repeals contained in Schedule 6, and those amend-
ments and repeals shall have effect only as provided by an order
so made.
(5 ) An order under this section may make such transitional
provision as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary
c.65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1955
PART VIII
or expedient in connection with the provisions thereby brought
into operation, including such adaptations of those provisions ,
or of any provisions of this Act then in operation, as appear to
the Secretary of State necessary or expedient in consequence of
the partial operation of this Act.
84. There shall be defrayed out of money provided by Financial
Parliament- provisions .
(a ) sums required by the Secretary of State for making
payments under paragraph 5 or 14 of Schedule 3, and
for defraying any other expenditure falling to be made
by him under or by virtue of this Act ;
(b) payments falling to be made under section 66(6) (b) or
( 7) in respect of the remuneration of assessors ; and
( c) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of money provided by Parlia-
ment under any other Act.
85.-( 1 ) This Act applies-
Application
( a ) to an act done by or for purposes of a Minister of the
to Crown.
Crown or government department, or
( b) to an act done on behalf of the Crown by a statutory
body, or a person holding a statutory office,
as it applies to an act done by a private person.
( 2) Parts II and IV apply to-
(a ) service for purposes of a Minister of the Crown or
government department, other than service of a person
holding a statutory office, or
(b) service on behalf of the Crown for purposes of a person
holding a statutory office or purposes of a statutory
body,
as they apply to employment by a private person, and shall so
apply as if references to a contract of employment included
references to the terms of service.
17. (3) Subsections (1 ) and ( 2) have effect subject to section
( 4) Subsections ( 1) and (2) do not apply in relation to service
in-
( a) the naval, military or air forces of the Crown, or
(b) any women's service administered by the Defence
Council.
(5) Nothing in this Act shall render unlawful discrimination
in admission to the Army Cadet Force, Air Training Corps,
c .65
1956 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
PART VIII
1947 с. 44.
1975 с. 24.
Sea Cadet Corps or Combined Cadet Force, or any other cadet
training corps for the time being administered by the Ministry
of Defence.
(6) This Act (except section 8(1) and (6) ) does not apply to
employment in the case of which the employee may be required
to serve in support of a force or service mentioned in subsection
( 4 )( a) or (b).
( 7) Subsection (2) of section 10 shall have effect in relation
to any ship, aircraft or hovercraft belonging to or possessed by
Her Majesty in right of the Government of the United Kingdom
as it has effect in relation to a ship, aircraft or hovercraft men-
tioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of that subsection, and section
10(5) shall apply accordingly.
(8) The provisions of Parts II to IV of the Crown Proceedings
Act 1947 shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under
this Act as they apply to proceedings in England and Wales
which by virtue of section 23 of that Act are treated for the
purposes of Part II of that Act as civil proceedings by or against
the Crown, except that in their application to proceedings under
this Act section 20 of that Act (removal of proceedings from
county court to High Court) shall not apply.
( 9) The provisions of Part V of the Crown Proceedings Act
1947 shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under this Act
as they apply to proceedings in Scotland which by virtue of the
said Part are treated as civil proceedings by or against the
Crown, except that in their application to proceedings under
this Act the proviso to section 44 of that Act (removal of pro-
ceedings from the sheriff court to the Court of Session) shall not
apply .
(10 ) In this section " statutory body " means a body set up
66
by or in pursuance of an enactment, and statutory office "
means an office so set up ; and service " for purposes of " a
Minister of the Crown or government department does not
include service in any office in Schedule 2 (Ministerial offices) to
the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 as for the
time being in force.
Government
86.-( 1 ) This section applies to any appointment by a Minis-
appointments outside
ter of the Crown or government department to an office or
section 6.
post where section 6 does not apply in relation to the appoint-
ment.
( 2) In making the appointment, and in making the arrange-
ments for determining who should be offered the office or post,
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1957
c .65
the Minister of the Crown or government department shall not do an act which would be unlawful under section 6 if the Crown
were the employer for the purposes of this Act.
PART VIII
87.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Sex Discrimination Short title
Act 1975. and extent.
( 2) This Act ( except paragraph 16 of Schedule 3) does not
extend to Northern Ireland.
c .65
1958 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
Section 8.
1975 с. 24.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
EQUAL PAY ACT 1970
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF ACT
1.- (1) In section 1 ( 6 ), paragraph (b) is repealed and the following
is inserted after paragraph ( c) : " and men shall be treated as in the
same employment with a woman if they are men employed by her
employer or any associated employer at the same establishment or
at establishments in Great Britain which include that one and at
which common terms and conditions of employment are observed
either generally or for employees of the relevant classes " .
( 2) Section 1 ( 7) is repealed.
( 3) The following is substituted for section 1 (8) -
" (8) This section shall apply to-
(a ) service for purposes of a Minister of the Crown or
government department, other than service of a person
holding a statutory office, or
( b ) service on behalf of the Crown for purposes of a person
holding a statutory office or purposes of a statutory
body ,
as it applies to employment by a private person, and shall so
apply as if references to a contract of employment included
references to the terms of service.
( 9) Subsection ( 8) does not apply in relation to service in-
(a ) the naval, military or air forces of the Crown, or
(b) any women's service administered by the Defence
Council.
(10 ) In this section " statutory body " means a body set up
by or in pursuance of an enactment, and 66
statutory office "
means an office so set up ; and service " for purposes of " a
Minister of the Crown or government department does not
include service in any office in Schedule 2 ( Ministerial offices)
to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 as for the
time being in force. "
( 4) The following subsections are inserted at the end of section 1-
" (11) For the purposes of this Act it is immaterial whether
the law which (apart from this subsection ) is the proper law of
a contract is the law of any part of the United Kingdom or
not.
(12 ) In this Act " Great Britain " includes such of the
territorial waters of the United Kingdom as are adjacent to
Great Britain.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1959
с . 65
(13 ) Provisions of this section and section 2 below framed
with reference to women and their treatment relative to men are
to be read as applying equally in a converse case to men and
their treatment relative to women ".
2.- (1 ) The following is substituted for section 2( 1) -
" (1) Any claim in respect of the contravention of a term
modified or included by virtue of an equality clause, including
a claim for arrears of remuneration or damages in respect of
the contravention, may be presented by way of a complaint to
an industrial tribunal. "
( 2) After section 2(1) there is inserted-
" ( 1A) Where a dispute arises in relation to the effect of an
equality clause the employer may apply to an industrial tribunal
for an order declaring the rights of the employer and the
employee in relation to the matter in question."
( 3) In section 2(2) -
( a ) for " failing to comply with their equal pay clauses " there
is substituted " contravening a term modified or included by
virtue of their equality clauses ", and
(b ) after " the question may be referred by him " there is
inserted " as respects all or any of them ", and
( c ) after " claim by the women " there is inserted
66 or woman ".
( 4) Section 2(6) is repealed.
( 5 ) In section 2(7), the words " and there shall be paid " onwards
are repealed.
3. In section 6 the following is substituted for subsection (1 )—
" (1 ) Neither an equality clause nor the provisions of section
3( 4) above shall operate in relation to terms-
(a) affected by compliance with the laws regulating the
employment of women, or
(b ) affording special treatment to women in connection
with pregnancy or childbirth.
(1A ) An equality clause and those provisions-
( a ) shall operate in relation to terms relating to member-
ship of an occupational pension scheme (within the
meaning of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975)
so far as those terms relate to any matter in respect
of which the scheme has to conform with the equal
access requirements of Part IV of that Act ; but
( b) subject to this, shall not operate in relation to terms
related to death or retirement, or to any provision
made in connection with death or retirement. "
4. Section 8 is repealed.
5. In section 9( 1), the words " Except as provided by subsection
( 2) below ", and sections 9( 2) to (5) and 10( 4 ) are repealed.
SCH. 1
1960 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c.65
SCH. 1 6.(1) For references to an equal pay clause in each place where
they occur there are substituted references to an equality clause.
( 2) For the words " the Industrial Court ", in each place where
they occur, there are substituted the words " the Industrial Arbitration
Board" ; in sections 4 and 10 for the words " Court " and " Court's "
in each place where they occur there are substituted respectively
"Board " and " Board's ", and in section 5 for the word " Board "
in each place where it occurs there is substituted "Agricultural Wages
Board" and for the word " Court" in each place where it occurs
there is substituted " Industrial Arbitration Board".
PART II
ACT AS AMENDED
1970 CHAPTER 41
An Act to prevent discrimination, as regards terms and conditions
ofemployment, between men and women. [ 29th May 1970]
BB E IT ENACTED by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) If the terms of a contract under which a woman is
employed at an establishment in Great Britain do not include
( directly or by reference to a collective agreement or otherwise) an
equality clause they shall be deemed to include one.
( 2 ) An equality clause is a provision which relates to terms
( whether concerned with pay or not ) of a contract under which a
woman is employed (the " woman's contract "), and has the effect
that-
(a ) where the woman is employed on like work with a man in
the same employment-
(i ) if (apart from the equality clause ) any term of the
woman's contract is or becomes less favourable to the
woman than a term of a similar kind in the contract
under which that man is employed, that term of the
woman's contract shall be treated as so modified as not
to be less favourable, and
(ii ) if (apart from the equality clause) at any time the
woman's contract does not include a term corresponding
to a term benefiting that man included in the contract
under which he is employed, the woman's contract shall
be treated as including such a term ;
(b ) where the woman is employed on work rated as equivalent
with that of a man in the same employment-
(i ) if (apart from the equality clause) any term of the
c . 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 196
woman's contract determined by the rating of the work
is or becomes less favourable to the woman than a term
of a similar kind in the contract under which that man
is employed, that term of the woman's contract shall be
treated as so modified as not to be less favourable, and
( ii ) if (apart from the equality clause) at any time the
woman's contract does not include a term corresponding
to a term benefiting that man included in the con-
tract under which he is employed and determined by the
rating of the work, the woman's contract shall be treated
as including such a term.
( 3) An equality clause shall not operate in relation to a variation
between the woman's contract and the man's contract if the employer
proves that the variation is genuinely due to a material difference
( other than the difference of sex ) between her case and his.
( 4 ) A woman is to be regarded as employed on like work with
men if, but only if, her work and theirs is of the same or a broadly
similar nature, and the differences (if any) between the things
she does and the things they do are not of practical importance
in relation to terms and conditions of employment ; and accordingly
in comparing her work with theirs regard shall be had to the
frequency or otherwise with which any such differences occur in
practice as well as to the nature and extent of the differences.
( 5 ) A woman is to be regarded as employed on work rated
as equivalent with that of any men if , but only if , her job and
their job have been given an equal value, in terms of the demand
made on a worker under various headings (for instance effort, skill,
decision ), on a study undertaken with a view to evaluating in those
terms the jobs to be done by all or any of the employees in an
undertaking or group of undertakings, or would have been given
an equal value but for the evaluation being made on a system setting
different values for men and women on the same demand under
any heading.
( 6 ) Subject to the following subsections, for purposes of this
section-
"
( a ) " employed means employed under a contract of service
or of apprenticeship or a contract personally to execute
any work or labour, and related expressions shall be con-
strued accordingly ;
( c ) two employers are to be treated as associated if one is
a company of which the other ( directly or indirectly) has
control or if both are companies of which a third person
( directly or indirectly) has control,
and men shall be treated as in the same employment with a woman
if they are men employed by her employer or any associated em-
ployer at the same establishment or at establishments in Great
Britain which include that one and at which common terms and
conditions of employment are observed either generally or for
employees of the relevant classes.
SCH. 1
1962 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c.65
SCH. 1
1975 с. 24.
Disputes as
to, and
enforcement of,
requirement
ofequal
treatment.
( 8) This section shall apply to-
( a ) service for purposes of a Minister of the Crown or govern-
ment department , other than service of a person holding a
statutory office , or
( b) service on behalf of the Crown for purposes of a person
holding a statutory office or purposes of a statutory body,
as it applies to employment by a private person, and shall so apply
as if references to a contract of employment included references to
the terms of service.
( 9) Subsection ( 8) does not apply in relation to service in-
( a ) the naval, military or air forces of the Crown, or
(b) any women's service administered by the Defence Council.
(10) In this section " statutory body " means a body set up by or
in pursuance of an enactment, and " statutory office " means an
office so set up ; and service " for purposes of " a Minister of the
Crown or government department does not include service in any
office in Schedule 2 (Ministerial offices) to the House of Commons
Disqualification Act 1975 as for the time being in force.
(11) For the purposes of this Act it is immaterial whether the law
which (apart from this subsection) is the proper law of a contract is
the law of any part of the United Kingdom or not.
(12 ) In this Act " Great Britain " includes such of the territorial
waters of the United Kingdom as are adjacent to Great Britain.
( 13) Provisions of this section and section 2 below framed with
reference to women and their treatment relative to men are to be
read as applying equally in a converse case to men and their treat-
ment relative to women.
2.- (1 ) Any claim in respect of the contravention of a term modi-
fied or included by virtue of an equality clause, including a claim for
arrears of remuneration or damages in respect of the contravention,
may be presented by way of a complaint to an industrial tribunal.
(1A ) Where a dispute arises in relation to the effect of an equality
clause the employer may apply to an industrial tribunal for an order
declaring the rights of the employer and the employee in relation
to the matter in question.
( 2 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that there may be
a question whether the employer of any women is or has been
contravening a term modified or included by virtue of their equality
clauses, but that it is not reasonable to expect them to take steps to
have the question determined, the question may be referred by him
as respects all or any of them to an industrial tribunal and shall
be dealt with as if the reference were of a claim by the women or
woman against the employer .
( 3) Where it appears to the court in which any proceedings are
pending that a claim or counterclaim in respect of the operation
of an equality clause could more conveniently be disposed of
separately by an industrial tribunal, the court may direct that the
c .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1963
claim or counterclaim shall be struck out ; and ( without prejudice
to the foregoing ) where in proceedings before any court a question
arises as to the operation of an equality clause, the court may
on the application of any party to the proceedings or otherwise refer
that question, or direct it to be referred by a party to the proceedings,
to an industrial tribunal for determination by the tribunal, and may
stay or sist the proceedings in the meantime.
( 4 ) No claim in respect of the operation of an equality clause
relating to a woman's employment shall be referred to an industrial
tribunal otherwise than by virtue of subsection ( 3) above, if she has
not been employed in the employment within the six months
preceding the date of the reference.
(5) A woman shall not be entitled, in proceedings brought in
respect of a failure to comply with an equality clause (including
proceedings before an industrial tribunal ), to be awarded any pay-
ment by way of arrears of remuneration or damages in respect of a
time earlier than two years before the date on which the proceedings
were instituted.
SCH. 1
( 7 ) In this section " industrial tribunal " means a tribunal estab-
lished under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964.. 1964 с. 16.
3.- (1) Where a collective agreement made before or after the Collective
commencement of this Act contains any provision applying specifi- agreements and
cally to men only or to women only, the agreement may be referred, pay structures.
by any party to it or by the Secretary of State, to the Industrial
Arbitration Board constituted under Part I of the Industrial Courts 1919 c. 69.
Act 1919 to declare what amendments need to be made in the
agreement, in accordance with subsection ( 4) below, so as to remove
that discrimination between men and women.
( 2 ) Where on a reference under subsection (1) above the Industrial
Arbitration Board have declared the amendments needing to be made
in a collective agreement in accordance with that subsection, then-
( a ) in so far as the terms and conditions of a person's employ-
ment are dependent on that agreement, they shall be
ascertained by reference to the agreement as so amended,
and any contract regulating those terms and conditions
shall have effect accordingly ; and
( b ) if the Industrial Arbitration Board make or have made,
under section 8 of the Terms and Conditions of Employment 1959 c. 26.
Act 1959 or any other enactment, an award or determination
requiring an employer to observe the collective agreement,
the award or determination shall have effect by reference
to the agreement as so amended.
( 3) On a reference under subsection (1) above the Industrial
Arbitration Board may direct that all or any of the amendments
needing to be made in the collective agreement shall be treated as not
becoming effective until a date after their decision, or as having been
effective from a date before their decision but not before the reference
to them, and may specify different dates for different purposes ; and
c.65
1964 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
SCH. 1
Wages regulation orders.
subsection ( 2) above and any such contract, award or determination
as is there mentioned shall have or be deemed to have had effect
accordingly.
( 4 ) Subject to section 6 below, the amendments to be made in a
collective agreement under this section shall be such as are needed-
( a ) to extend to both men and women any provision applying
specifically to men only or to women only ; and
( b) to eliminate any resulting duplication in the provisions of
the agreement in such a way as not to make the terms and
conditions agreed for men, or those agreed for women, less
favourable in any respect than they would have been
without the amendments ;
but the amendments shall not extend the operation of the collective
agreement to men or to women not previously falling within it, and
where accordingly a provision applying specifically to men only
or to women only continues to be required for a category of men
or of women ( there being no provision in the agreement for women
or, as the case may be, for men of that category ), then the provision
shall be limited to men or women of that category but there shall
be made to it such amendments, if any, as are needed to secure
that the terms and conditions of the men or women of that category
are not in any respect less favourable than those of all persons
of the other sex to whom the agreement applies .
( 5) For purposes of this section " collective agreement " means any
agreement as to terms and conditions of employment, being an
agreement between-
( a ) parties who are or represent employers or organisations of
employers or associations of such organisations ; and
( b) parties who are or represent organisations of employees or
associations of such organisations ;
but includes also any award modifying or supplementing such an
agreement.
( 6 ) Subsections (1) to ( 4 ) above ( except subsection ( 2)(b) and
subsection (3) in so far as it relates to subsection ( 2)(b) ) shall have
effect in relation to an employer's pay structure as they have
effect in relation to a collective agreement , with the adaptation that
a reference to the Industrial Arbitration Board may be made by
the employer or by the Secretary of State; and for this purpose
pay structure " means any arrangements adopted by an employer
( with or without any associated employer ) which fix common terms
and conditions of employment for his employees or any class of his
employees, and of which the provisions are generally known or open
to be known by the employees concerned.
( 7 ) In this section the expression "employment " and related
expressions, and the reference to an associated employer, shall
be construed in the same way as in section 1 above, and section
1( 8 ) shall have effect in relation to this section as well as in relation
to that section .
4.- (1 ) Where a wages regulation order made before or after the
commencement of this Act contains any provision applying speci-
fically to men only or to women only, the order may be referred
с .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1965
by the Secretary of State to the Industrial Arbitration Board to
SCH. 1
declare what amendments need to be made in the order, in
accordance with the like rules as apply under section 3( 4) above to
the amendment under that section of a collective agreement, so as
to remove that discrimination between men and women; and when
the Board have declared the amendments needing to be so made,
the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
coming into operation not later than five months after the date of
the Board's decision direct that ( subject to any further wages regula-
tion order ) the order referred to the Board shall have effect subject
to those amendments.
( 2 ) A wages regulation order shall be referred to the Industrial
Arbitration Board under this section if the Secretary of State is
requested so to refer it either-
( a ) by a member or members of the wages council concerned
with the order who was or who were appointed as
representing employers ; or
( b ) by a member or members of that wages council who was
or who were appointed as representing workers ;
or if in any case it appears to the Secretary of State that the order
may be amendable under this section .
( 3) Where by virtue of section 12(1) of the Wages Councils Act 1959 с. 69.
1959 a contract between a worker and an employer is to have effect
with modifications specified in section 12 (1), then ( without prejudice
to the general saving in section 11(7) of that Act for rights con-
ferred by or under other Acts ) the contract as so modified shall
have effect subject to any further term implied by virtue of section 1
above.
"
( 4 ) In this section wages regulation order " means an order
made or having effect as if made under section 11 of the Wages
Councils Act 1959 .
5.- (1 ) Where an agricultural wages order made before or after Agricultural
the commencement of this Act contains any provision applying wages orders.
specifically to men only or to women only, the order may be
referred by the Secretary of State to the Industrial Arbitration Board
to declare what amendments need to be made in the order, in
accordance with the like rules as apply under section 3( 4) above to
the amendment under that section of a collective agreement, so as
to remove that discrimination between men and women; and when
the Industrial Arbitration Board have declared the amendments
needing to be so made, it shall be the duty of the Agricultural Wages
Board, by a further agricultural wages order coming into operation
not later than five months after the date of the Industrial Arbitration
Board's decision, either to make those amendments in the order
referred to the Industrial Arbitration Board or otherwise to replace
or amend that order so as to remove the discrimination.
( 2 ) Where the Agricultural Wages Board certify that the effect
of an agricultural wages order is only to make such amendments
of a previous order as have under this section been declared by
1966 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c .65
SCH. 1 1948 с. 47.
1949 с. 30.
Exclusion from
ss. 1 to 5 of
pensions etc.
the Industrial Arbitration Board to be needed, or to make such
amendments as aforesaid with minor modifications or modifications
of limited application, or is only to revoke and reproduce with such
amendments a previous order, then the Agricultural Wages Board
may instead of complying with paragraphs 1 and 2 of Schedule 4, or
in the case of Scotland paragraphs 1 and 2 of Schedule 3, to the
Agricultural Wages Act give notice of the proposed order in such
manner as appears to the Agricultural Wages Board expedient in the
circumstances, and may make the order at any time after the expira-
tion of seven days from the giving of the notice.
( 3) An agricultural wages order shall be referred to the Industrial
Arbitration Board under this section if the Secretary of State is
requested so to refer it either-
( a ) by a body for the time being entitled to nominate for
membership of the Agricultural Wages Board persons
representing employers (or, if provision is made for any
of the persons representing employers to be elected instead
of nominated , then by a member or members representing
employers) ; or
( b) by a body for the time being entitled to nominate for
membership of the Agricultural Wages Board persons repre-
senting workers (or, if provision is made for any of the
persons representing workers to be elected instead of
nominated, then by a member or members representing
workers) ;
or if in any case it appears to the Secretary of State that the order
may be amendable under this section.
( 4 ) In this section " the Agricultural Wages Board " means the
Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales or the Scottish
Agricultural Wages Board, " the Agricultural Wages Act " means
the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 or the Agricultural Wages (Scot-
land ) Act 1949 and " agricultural wages order " means an order of
the Agricultural Wages Board under the Agricultural Wages Act.
6.- (1) Neither an equality clause nor the provisions of section
3( 4) above shall operate in relation to terms-
( a ) affected by compliance with the laws regulating the employ-
ment of women, or
( b) affording special treatment to women in connection with
pregnancy or childbirth.
(1A ) An equality clause and those provisions-
(a ) shall operate in relation to terms relating to membership
of an occupational pension scheme ( within the meaning
of the Social Security Pensions Act 1975) so far as those
terms relate to any matter in respect of which the scheme
has to conform with the equal access requirements of
Part IV of that Act; but
( b) subject to this, shall not operate in relation to terms related
to death or retirement, or to any provision made in con-
nection with death or retirement.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1967
c . 65
( 2) Any reference in this section to retirement includes retirement,
whether voluntary or not, on grounds of age, length of service or
incapacity .
SCH. 1
7.- (1) The Secretary of State or Defence Council shall not Service pay.
make, or recommend to Her Majesty the making of, any instrument
relating to the terms and conditions of service of members of the
naval , military or air forces of the Crown or of any women's service
administered by the Defence Council, if the instrument has the
effect of making a distinction, as regards pay, allowances or leave,
between men and women who are members of those forces or of
any such service, not being a distinction fairly attributable to
differences between the obligations undertaken by men and those
undertaken by women as such members as aforesaid.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State or Defence Council may refer to the
Industrial Arbitration Board for their advice any question whether a
provision made or proposed to be made by any such instrument
as is referred to in subsection (1) above ought to be regarded for
purposes of this section as making a distinction not permitted by that
subsection.
9. ( 1 ) ... the foregoing provisions of this Act shall come into Commencement.
force on the 29th December 1975 and references in this Act to its
commencement shall be construed as referring to the coming into
force of those provisions on that date.
10.- (1) A collective agreement, pay structure or order which Preliminary
after the commencement of this Act could under section 3, 4 or references to
Industrial
5 of this Act be referred to the Industrial Arbitration Board to Arbitration
declare what amendments need to be made as mentioned in that Board .
section may at any time not earlier than one year before that com-
mencement be referred to the Board under this section for their
advice as to the amendments needing to be so made.
( 2) A reference under this section may be made by any person
authorised by section 3, 4 or 5, as the case may be, to make a
corresponding reference under that section, but the Secretary of
State shall not under this section refer an order to the Industrial
Arbitration Board unless requested so to do as mentioned in section
4( 2) or 5( 3), as the case may be, nor be required to refer an order if
so requested.
( 3) A collective agreement, pay structure or order referred to
the Industrial Arbitration Board under this section may after the
commencement of this Act be again referred to the Board under
section 3, 4 or 5 ; but at that commencement any reference under
this section (if still pending) shall lapse.
1968 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
c. 65
SCH. 1
Short title, interpretation
and extent.
Section 27.
1944 с. 31.
1968 с. 17.
1974 с. 7.
11 .- (1) This Act may be cited as the Equal Pay Act 1970.
66
ود
( 2 ) In this Act the expressions " man " and woman shall be
read as applying to persons of whatever age.
( 3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
SCHEDULE 2
TRANSITIONAL EXEMPTION ORDERS FOR EDUCATIONAL ADMISSIONS
Public sector ( England and Wales)
1. Where under section 13 of the Education Act 1944 ( as set out
in Schedule 3 to the Education Act 1968) a responsible body submits
to the Secretary of State, in accordance with subsection (1) or ( 2)
of that section, proposals for an alteration in its admissions arrange-
ments such as is mentioned in section 27(1) of this Act the submis-
sion of those proposals shall be treated as an application for the
making by the Secretary of State of a transitional exemption order,
and if he thinks fit the Secretary of State may make the order
accordingly.
2. Regulations under section 33 of the Education Act 1944 may
provide for the submission to the Secretary of State of an applica-
tion for the making by him of a transitional exemption order in
relation to a special school, and for the making by him of the order.
3. Regulations under section 100 of the Education Act 1944 may
provide for the submission to the Secretary of State of an applica-
tion for the making by him of a transitional exemption order in
relation to an establishment-
( a ) which is designated under section 24(1), and
( b ) in respect of which grants are payable under subsection
( 1)(b ) of the said section 100,
and for the making by him of the order.
4. Regulations under section 5( 2 ) of the Local Government Act
1974 may provide for the submission to the Secretary of State of
an application for the making by him of a transitional exemption
order in relation to any educational establishment maintained by a
local education authority and not falling within paragraphs 1 to 3,
and for the making by him of the order.
Private sector (England and Wales)
5.- (1) In the case of an establishment in England or Wales not
falling within paragraphs 1 to 4 the responsible body may submit
to the Equal Opportunities Commission set up under Part VI an
application for the making by the Commission of a transitional
exemption order in relation to the establishment, and if they think
fit the Commission may make the order accordingly.
( 2) An application under this paragraph shall specify the transi-
tional period proposed by the responsible body to be provided for
in the order, the stages by which within that period the body proposes
to move to the position where section 22(b) is complied with, and
any other matters relevant to the terms and operation of the order
applied for.
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1969
с. 65
( 3) The Commission shall not make an order on an application
under this paragraph unless they are satisfied that the terms of the
application are reasonable having regard to the nature of the
premises at which the establishment is carried on, the accommoda-
tion , equipment and facilities available, and the financial resources
ofthe responsible body.
Public and private sectors ( Scotland )
6. Any application for a transitional exemption order made by
the responsible body in relation to an establishment falling within
paragraph 6 or 7 of the Table in section 22 shall be made to the
Secretary of State, and in relation to an establishment falling within
paragraphs 8, 9 and 10 of that Table shall be made to the Equal
Opportunities Commission.
7. An application under paragraph 6 shall specify the transitional
period proposed by the responsible body to be provided for in the
order, the stages by which within that period the body proposes to
move to the position where section 22(b) is complied with, and any
other matters relevant to the terms and operation of the order
applied for.
8. The Secretary of State on any application under paragraph 6 may
make a transitional exemption order on such terms and conditions
as he may think fit.
9. The Commission on any application under paragraph 6 may
if they think fit make a transitional exemption order, but shall
not make such an order unless they are satisfied that the terms
of the application are reasonable having regard to the nature of
the premises at which the establishment is carried on, the accom-
modation, equipment and facilities available, and the financial
resources of the responsible body.
SCHEDULE 3
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES COMMISSION
Incorporation and status
1. On the appointment by the Secretary of State of the first
Commissioners, the Commission shall come into existence as a body
corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal.
2.- (1 ) The Commission is not an emanation of the Crown, and
shall not act or be treated as the servant or agent of the Crown.
(2 ) Accordingly-
( a ) neither the Commission nor a Commissioner or member of
its staff as such is entitled to any status, immunity, privilege
or exemption enjoyed by the Crown ;
( b ) the Commissioners and members of the staff of the Commis-
sion as such are not civil servants ; and
( c ) the Commission's property is not property of, or held on
behalf of, the Crown.
SCH. 2
Section 53 .
1970 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
SCH. 3
1970 с. 35.
Tenure of office of Commissioners
3. (1 ) A Commissioner shall hold and vacate his office in accord-
ance with the terms of his appointment.
( 2) A person shall not be appointed a Commissioner for more than
five years.
( 3 ) With the consent of the Commissioner concerned, the Secretary
of State may alter the terms of an appointment so as to make a full-
time Commissioner into a part-time Commissioner or vice versa, or
for any other purpose.
( 4 ) ACommissioner may resign by notice to the Secretary of State.
( 5) The Secretary of State may terminate the appointment of a
Commissioner if satisfied that-
( a ) without the consent of the Commission, he failed to attend
the meetings of the Commission during a continuous period
of six months beginning not earlier than nine months before
the termination ; or
( b) he is an undischarged bankrupt, or has made an arrange-
ment with his creditors, or is insolvent within the meaning
of paragraph 9(2) of Schedule 3 to the Conveyancing and
Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 ; or
( c ) he is by reason of physical or mental illness, or for any other
reason, incapable of carrying out his duties.
( 6 ) Past service as a Commissioner is no bar to re-appointment.
Tenure of office of chairman and deputy chairmen
4.- (1) The chairman and each deputy chairman shall hold and
vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment,
and may resign by notice to the Secretary of State.
( 2 ) The office of the chairman or a deputy chairman is vacated
if he ceases to be a Commissioner .
( 3) Past service as chairman or a deputy chairman is no bar to
re -appointment.
Remuneration of Commissioners
5. The Secretary of State may pay, or make such payments towards
the provision of, such remuneration, pensions, allowances or gratuities
to or in respect of the Commissioners or any of them as, with the
consent of the Minister for the Civil Service, he may determine.
6. Where a person ceases to be a Commissioner otherwise than on
the expiry of his term of office, and it appears to the Secretary of
State that there are special circumstances which make it right for that
person to receive compensation, the Secretary of State may with the
consent of the Minister for the Civil Service direct the Commission
to make to that person a payment of such amount as, with the consent
of that Minister, the Secretary of State may determine.
Additional Commissioners
7.- (1 ) Paragraphs 2(2), 3(1 ) and (6), and 6 shall apply to addi-
tional Commissioners appointed under section 57( 2) as they apply to
Commissioners.
c. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1971
( 2) The Commission may pay, or make such payments towards the
provision of, such remuneration, pensions, allowances or gratuities to
or in respect of an additional Commissioner as the Secretary of State,
with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service, may determine.
( 3) With the approval of the Secretary of State and the consent
of the additional Commissioner concerned, the Commission may alter
the terms of an appointment of an additional Commissioner so as to
make a full- time additional Commissioner into a part-time additional
Commissioner or vice versa, or for any other purpose.
( 4) An additional Commissioner may resign by notice to the Com-
mission.
( 5) The Secretary of State, or the Commission acting with the
approval of the Secretary of State, may terminate the appointment
of an additional Commissioner if satisfied that-
( a ) without reasonable excuse he failed to carry out the duties
for which he was appointed during a continuous period of
three months beginning not earlier than six months before
the termination ; or
( b) he is a person such as is mentioned in paragraph
3(5)(b) ; or
( c ) he is by reason of physical or mental illness, or for any other
reason, incapable of carrying out his duties.
( 6 ) The appointment of an additional Commissioner shall terminate
at the conclusion of the investigation for which he was appointed,
if not sooner.
SCH. 3
Staff
8. The Commission may, after consultation with the Secretary of
State, appoint such officers and servants as they think fit, subject to
the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service as to numbers and
as to remuneration and other terms and conditions of service.
9.- ( 1 ) Employment with the Commission shall be included among
the kinds of employment to which a superannuation scheme under
section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 can apply, and accordingly 1972 с. 11.
in Schedule 1 to that Act (in which those kinds of employment are
listed) the words " Equal Opportunities Commission " shall be inserted
at the appropriate place in alphabetical order.
( 2) Where a person who is employed by the Commission and is by
reference to that employment a participant in a scheme under
section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 becomes a Commissioner or
an additional Commissioner, the Minister for the Civil Service may
determine that his service as a Commissioner or additional Com-
missioner shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service
as an employee of the Commission ; and his rights under the scheme
shall not be affected by paragraph 5 or 7( 2).
10. The Employers' Liability (Compulsory Insurance ) Act 1969 1969 c. 57.
shall not require insurance to be effected by the Commission.
c . 65
1972 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
SCH. 3
Proceedings and business
11 .- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commission
may make arrangements for the regulation of their proceedings and
business, and may vary or revoke those arrangements .
( 2 ) The arrangements may, with the approval of the Secretary of
State, provide for the discharge under the general direction of the
Commission of any of the Commission's functions by a committee
of the Commission, or by two or more Commissioners.
( 3) Anything done by or in relation to a committee, or Commis-
sioners, in the discharge of the Commission's functions shall have
the same effect as if done by or in relation to the Commission.
12. The validity of any proceedings of the Commission shall not
be affected by any vacancy among the members of the Commission
or by any defect in the appointment of any Commissioner or addi-
tional Commissioner.
13. The quorum for meetings of the Commission shall in the first
instance be determined by a meeting of the Commission attended
by not less than five Commissioners.
1975 с. 24.
1975 с. 25.
Finance
14. The Secretary of State shall pay to the Commission expenses
incurred or to be incurred by it under paragraphs 6, 7 and 8, and,
with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service and the Trea-
sury, shall pay to the Commission such sums as the Secretary of
State thinks fit for enabling the Commission to meet other expenses.
15.- ( 1) The Commission shall keep proper accounts of their
income and expenditure, and shall prepare and send to the Secretary
of State statements of account in relation to each financial year of
the Commission.
( 2 ) The financial year of the Commission shall be the twelve
months ending on 31st March.
Disqualification Acts
16.- (1) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1975 and Part II of Schedule 1 to the Northern
Ireland Assembly Disqualification Act 1975 (bodies of which all
members are disqualified under those Acts) there shall (at the
appropriate place in alphabetical order ) be inserted the following
entry:
" The Equal Opportunities Commission " .
( 2) In Part III of Schedule 1 to each of those Acts of 1975 (other
disqualifying offices) there shall ( at the appropriate place in alpha-
betical order) be inserted the following entry : -
" Additional Commissioner of the Equal Opportunities Com-
mission " .
c .65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1973
SCHEDULE 4
Section 83.
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. Section 12 does not apply, as respects any organisation, -
( a ) to contributions or other payments falling to be made to the
organisation by its members or by persons seeking member-
ship , or
(b ) to financial benefits accruing to members of the organisation
by reason of their membership,
where the payment falls to be made, or the benefit accrues, before
1st January 1978 under rules of the organisation made before the
passing of this Act.
2. Until 1st January 1978, section 12( 2) does not apply to any
organisation of members of the teaching profession where at the
passing of this Act-
( a ) the organisation is an incorporated company with articles of
association, and
( b ) the articles of association restrict membership to persons of
one sex ( disregarding any minor exceptions), and
( c ) there exists another organisation within paragraphs (a ) and
(b) which is for persons of the opposite sex and has objects,
as set out in the memorandum of association, which are
substantially the same as those of the first mentioned
organisation, subject only to differences consequential on
the difference of sex.
3.- ( 1) Until a date specified by order made by the Secretary of
State the courses of training to be undergone by men as a condition
of the issue of certificates to them under the Midwives Act 1951 or 1951 с. 53.
the Midwives (Scotland ) Act 1951 ( as amended by section 20 ) must 1951 c. 54.
be courses approved in writing by or on behalf of the Secretary of
State for the purposes of this paragraph.
( 2) Until the date specified under sub- paragraph (1), section 9 of
the Midwives Act 1951 and section 10 of the Midwives (Scotland )
Act 1951 (regulation of persons other than certified midwives
attending women in childbirth) shall have effect as if for the words
from the beginning to ( but not including) " attends a woman in child-
birth " where they first occur there were substituted the words-
" If a person other than-
( a ) a woman who is a certified midwife, or
( b) in a place approved in writing by or on behalf of
the Secretary of State a man who is a certified midwife ".
The amendment made by this sub-paragraph shall be read without
regard to the sections 35A and 37A inserted in the said Acts of
1951 by section 20( 4 ) and ( 5 ).
( 3) On and after the said date the words to be substituted for
those, in the said sections 9 and 10, mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 2)
are-
" If a person who is not a certified midwife ".
c.65
1974 Sex Discrimination Act 1975
SCH. 4
1946 с. 36.
1970 с. 41 .
( 4 ) An order under this paragraph shall be laid in draft before
each House of Parliament, and section 6( 1) of the Statutory Instru-
ments Act 1946 (Parliamentary control by negative resolution of
draft instruments) shall apply accordingly.
4.- (1) If the responsible body for any educational establishment
which (apart from this sub-paragraph) would be required to comply
with the provisions of section 22(b) , and of section 25 so far as
they apply to acts to which section 22( b) relates, from the commence-
ment of those provisions, is of the opinion that it would be
impracticable for it to do so, it may before that commencement
apply for an order authorising discriminatory admissions during the
transitional period specified in the order .
(2) Section 27(2) to (5) and Schedule 2 shall apply for the purposes P
of sub-paragraph (1) as they apply in relation to transitional exemp-
tion orders.
5.- (1) Section 6 of the Equal Pay Act 1970 (as amended by
paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to this Act) shall apply as if the references
to death or retirement in subsection ( 1A ) (b) of the said section 6
included references to sums payable on marriage in pursuance of a
contract of employment made before the passing of this Act, or the
commutation, at any time, of the right to such sums.
( 2 ) In relation to service within section 1( 8) of the said Act of
1970 (service of the Crown) for the reference in this paragraph to
a contract of employment made before the passing of this Act there
shall be substituted a reference to terms of service entered into before
the passing of this Act.
Section 83 . SCHEDULE 5
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
Factories Act 1961 ( c. 34 )
1. In section 15( 2) (unfenced machinery : operations carried out
by specified male persons ) the word " male " shall be omitted.
The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages
(Scotland ) Act 1965 (c. 49)
2. In section 21( 6 ) for the word " woman " there shall be substi-
tuted the word " person ".
Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 (c. 37 )
3. In Schedule 1, after the entry relating to the Emergency Laws
( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953, there is inserted the following-
1954 с. 57. The Baking Industry | The whole Act.
( Hours of Work) Act
1954.
с. 65
Sex Discrimination Act 1975 1975
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 (c. 52 )
4. In Schedule 1, in paragraph 26(1 ), after " paragraph " there is
inserted " and in section 64 of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 " .
SCH. 5
SCHEDULE 6
FURTHER REPEALS
Section 83 .
Session and
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
7 & 8Geo. 6. Education Act 1944 .
Section 24 (3).
с . 31.
14&15 Geo. 6. Midwives Act 1951 .
In section 11 (1) , the words " or
c. 53.
a male person ".
10 & 11 Eliz . 2. Education (Scotland ) Act Section 82(2).
c. 47. 1962.
TABLE V
Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation
Acts of 1975
TABLES VI
Effect of Legislation
See Part III
INDEX
TO THE
Public General Acts
AND
GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES 1975
A
AIRPORTS AUTHORITY Aст: с. 78... III, p. 2755
TheAuthority
§ 1, and schedule 1. The British Airports Authority, III , pp. 2755, 2778.
2. The Authority's functions, III, p. 2756.
Financial provisions
3. TheAuthority's financial duties, III, p. 2757.
4. The commencing capital debt, III , p. 2758.
5. Borrowing by the Authority, III , p. 2758.
6. Government loans to the Authority, III, p. 2760.
7. Treasury guarantees, III , p. 2760.
8. Accounts and audit, III, p. 2761 .
Controlandmanagement ofaerodromes
9, and schedule 2. Byelaws, III, pp. 2761 , 2781 .
10. Airport police, III, p. 2763 .
11. Prevention of theft by persons employed at Authority's aerodromes, III, p. 2764.
12. Prevention of theft from cargo areas at Authority's aerodromes, III, р. 2764.
13. Control of road traffic, III, p. 2765.
14. Functions of Authority as respects abandoned vehicles, III , p. 2766.
15. Health control, III, p. 2767.
16. Lost property, III, p. 2768 .
Acquisition and use ofland , etc.
17 , and schedule 3. Land and rights over land, III , pp. 2769, 2782.
18. Planning decisions given in the interests of the Authority, III, p. 2770.
19. Application of enactments relating to statutory undertakers, III, p. 2771 .
20. Provisions as to telegraphic lines, III, p. 2773 .
General
21. 22. Reports and information, III , p. 2773.
Inquiries , III, p. 2774.
23. Interpretation, III, p. 2774.
24, and schedule 4. Aerodromes transferred to Authority on 1st April 1966, III,
pp . 2775, 2785.
25 , and schedules 5, 6. 2786.
Amendments of other Acts, repeals and savings, III , pp. 2776,
26. Short title, extent and commencement, III, p. 2777 .
Schedule 1. The Authority, III, p. 2778 .
Schedule 2. Byelaws, III, p. 2781 .
Schedule 3. Land and rights over land, III , p. 2782.
Schedule 4. Matters arising out of transfer to Authority of aerodromes at Heathrow,
Gatwick, Stansted and Prestwick, III, p. 2785.
Schedule 5. Amendments of other Acts, III, p. 2786.
Schedule 6. Repeals, III , p. 2789 .
Part III 2R
cccliv Index to the Public General Acts
andMeasures
AIR TRAVEL RESERVE FUND ACT: с. 36... ... ... ... II, p. 1281
§ 1, and schedule. The Air Travel Reserve Fund Agency, II , pp. 1281 , 1289.
2. Limits on the application of the Air Travel Reserve Fund, II, p. 1282.
3. Rules for the payment of benefits from the Fund, II, p. 1285.
4. Contributions for the purposes of the Fund by air travel organisers, II, p. 1286.
5. Loans to the Agency by the Secretary of State, II, p. 1287.
6. Power of the Secretary of State to dissolve the Agency and wind up the Fund,
II, p. 1287.
7. Interpretation, supplementary and consequential provisions, II, p. 1288.
8. Citation and extent, II , p. 1288.
Schedule. Additional provisions with respect to the Air Travel Reserve Fund
Agency, II , p. 1289.
APPROPRIATION ACT: c. 44... ... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1327
§ 1. Issue out of the Consolidated Fund for the year ending 31st March 1976, I,
p. 1327.
2 , and schedules ( A ) and ( B). Appropriation of sums voted for supply services,
I, p. 1328.
3. Repeals, I, p. 1328.
4. Short titles, I, p. 1328.
Schedules ( A) and (B), I, p. 1329.
ARBITRATION ACT: c. 3... ... ... ... ... I, p. 6
Effect of arbitration agreement on court proceedings
1. Staying court proceedings where party proves arbitration agreement, I, p. 6.
Enforcement ofConvention awards
2. Replacement of former provisions, I, p. 7.
3. Effect of Convention awards, I, p. 7.
4. Evidence, I, p. 7.
5. Refusal of enforcement, I, p. 8.
6. Saving, I, p. 9.
General
7. Interpretation, I, p. 9.
8. Short title, repeals, commencement and extent, I, p. 9.
B
BEER, duties on. See FINANCE (No. 2 ) Аст (с. 45 ).
BIOLOGICAL STANDARDS ACT: c. 4... ... ... ... ... I, p. 10
§1. Establishment and functions of the Board, I, p. 10.
2 , and schedule. General provisions about the Board, I, pp. 10, 14.
3. Transfer of property, etc. , I, p. 11 .
4. Financial provisions, I, p. 11.
5. Restrictions on disclosure of information, I, p. 12.
6. Amendments, I, p. 12.
7. Orders, I, p. 12.
8. Interpretation, I, p. 13 .
9. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 13.
Schedule, I, p. 14.
BRITISH LEYLAND ACT: с. 43... ... ... ... II, p. 1325
§ 1. Acquisition of shares , I, p. 1325.
2. Short title, I, p. 1325.
BRITISH WINE, duties on. See FINANCE ( No. 2 ) Аст (с. 45).
Index to the Public General Acts ccclv
and Measures
C
CAPITAL TRANSFER TAX. See FINANCE ACT (c. 7, Pt. III, schs. 4-12 ) ; FINANCE
( No. 2) Аст (c. 45, Pt. III, schs. 8-14 ).
CHANNEL ISLANDS. Application to, under-
Malta Republic Act ( c. 31, s. 1 ( 2 )) II, p. 1242
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act ( c. 34, s. 10( 3)) II, p. 1258
Export Guarantees Act (c. 38, s. 11(2 ))... ... ... II, p. 1310
Industrial and Provident Societies Act (c. 41, s . 2(5 ))... ... II, p. 1321
ChildrenAct (c. 72, s. 68(1))... ... ... ... ... III, p. 2363
CHILD BENEFIT ACT: с. 61
... II, p. 1775
PART I
CHILD BENEFIT
Entitlement and amount
1. Child benefit, II, p. 1775.
2. Meaning of " child ", II , p. 1776.
3. Meaning of " person responsible for child ", II, p. 1776.
4 , and schedules 1 , 2. Exclusions and priority, II , pp. 1777, 1793.
5, and schedule 3. Rate of child benefit, II, pp. 1777, 1794.
Administration and enforcement
6. Claims and payment, II, p. 1778.
7 . Determination ofquestions, II ,
estion p. 1779.
8. Suspension, and effect of adjudication on payment and recovery, II, p. 1779.
9. Age, marriage and death, II, p. 1780.
10. Disclosure of information by Inland Revenue, II, p. 1780.
11. Offences and prosecutions, II, p. 1780.
12. Benefit to be inalienable, II, p. 1782.
Persons outside Great Britain and reciprocal arrangements with other countries
13. Persons outside Great Britain, II, p. 1782.
14. Reciprocal arrangements with Northern Ireland, II, p. 1782.
15. Reciprocal agreements with countries outside the United Kingdom, II, p. 1783.
PART II
16. 17. 18. 19. OTHER BENEFITS
Interim benefit for unmarried or separated parents with children, II, p. 1784.
Social security benefits in respect of children, II, p. 1785.
Provisions as to the exclusion from a family for family allowances purposes of
children entitled to non-contributory invalidity pension, II, p. 1787.
Abolition of wage-stop, II, p. 1787.
PART III
GENERAL
20. Transitional provisions, II , p. 1787.
21, and schedules 4, 5. Consequential amendments and repeals, II, pp. 1788, 1795.
22. Regulations and orders, II, p. 1789.
23. Financial provisions, II, p. 1791 .
24. Interpretation, II, p. 1791 .
25. Short title and extent, II , p. 1792.
Schedule 1. Exclusions from entitlement, II, p. 1793.
Schedule 2. Priority between persons entitled , II, p. 1793.
Schedule 3. Increases in rate of benefit, II, p. 1794.
Schedule 4. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1795.
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1803.
2R2
ccclvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CHILDREN ACT: c. 72... ...
... III, p. 2313
PART I
ADOPTION
TheAdoption Services
§ 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. Establishment of Adoption Services, III , p. 2313.
Local authorities' social services , III , p. 2314.
Duty to promote welfare of child, III, p. 2314.
Approval of adoption societies, III, p. 2315.
Withdrawal of approval, III, p. 2316.
Procedure on refusal to approve, or withdrawal of approval from, societies, III ,
p. 2316.
Inactive or defunct adoption societies, III , p. 2317.
Adoption orders
8, and schedules 1, 2. Adoption orders, III, pp. 2317, 2397.
9. Child to live with adopters before order made, III, p. 2318.
10. Adoption by married couple, III , p. 2319.
11. Adoption by one person, III, p. 2319.
12. Parental agreement, III , p. 2320.
13. Religious upbringing of adopted child , III, p. 2320.
14. Freeing child for adoption, III , p. 2321 .
15. Progress reports to former parent, III , p. 2322.
16. Revocation of section 14 order, III , p. 2322.
17. Care etc. of child on refusal of adoption order, III, p. 2324.
18. Need to notify local authority of adoption application, III, p. 2324.
19. Interim orders, III, p. 2325 .
20. Guardian ad litem and reporting officer, III, p. 2325.
21. Hearings of applications etc. in private, III , p. 2326.
22. Making of order, III, p. 2326.
23. Transfer of parental rights and duties between adoption agencies, III , p. 2327.
24. Convention adoption orders, III, p . 2327.
25. Adoption of children abroad, III , p. 2329.
Amendments ofAdoption Act 1958
26. Obtaining of birth certificate by adopted person, III, p. 2329 .
27. Counselling in Scotland for adopted person seeking information about his birth,
III, p. 2331 .
28. Restriction on arranging adoption and placing of children, III, p. 2332.
29. Restrictions on removal of child pending adoption, III , p. 2332.
30. Return of child taken away in breach of section 34 or 34A of 1958 Act, III ,
p. 2334.
31. Return of child on refusal of adoption order, III, p. 2335.
32. Payment of allowances to adopters, III, p. 2335.
PART II
CUSTODY
Custodianship orders
33. Custodianship orders , III, p. 2336.
34. Access and maintenance, III , p. 2338.
35. Revocation and variation of orders , III, p. 2339.
36. Care etc. of child on revocation of custodianship order, III , p. 2340.
37. Custodianship order on application for adoption or guardianship, III , p. 2341 .
38. Disputes between joint custodians , III , p. 2342.
39. Reports by local authorities and probation officers, III, p. 2342.
40. Notice of application to be given to local authority, I, p. 2342.
41. Restriction on removal of child where applicant has provided home for three
years , III, p. 2343.
42. Return of child taken away in breach of section 41, III, p. 2344.
43. Enforcement of orders made by magistrates' courts, III, p. 2344.
44. Effect of custodianship order on existing custody, III, p. 2345.
45. Affiliation order on application by custodian, III , p. 2345.
46. Procedure in magistrates' courts, III, p. 2345.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclvii
CHILDREN Act-continued
Custody in Scotland
47. 48. 49. 50. 51. 52. 53. 54. 55. Granting of custody, III, p. 2346.
Miscellaneous provisions relative to custody, III, p. 2347.
Notice to local authority of certain custody applications, III, p. 2348.
Payments towards maintenance of children, III, p. 2348.
Restriction on removal of child where applicant has provided home for three
years, III , p. 2348.
Return of child taken away in breach of section 51, III, p. 2349.
Custody order on application for adoption in Scotland, III, p. 2349.
Jurisdiction of Scottish courts in certain applications for custody, III, p. 2350.
Interpretation and extent of sections 47 to 55, III, p. 2351 .
PART III
CARE
Children in care oflocal authorities
56. Restriction on removal of child from care, III, p. 2351 .
57. Substitution of s. 2 of Children Act 1948, III, p. 2352.
58. Supplementary provisions relating to care proceedings, III, p. 2355.
59. General duty of local I authorityin care cases, III, p . 2355.
Children in care ofvoluntary organisations in England and Wales
60. Transfer of parental rights and duties to voluntary organisations, III , p. 2356.
61. Duty of local authority to assume parental rights and duties, III, p. 2357.
62. Effect of resolutions under sections 60 and 61 , III, p. 2357.
63. Appeals by parents etc. , III, p. 2357.
Conflict of interest between parent and child
64. 65. 66. Addition of new sections to Children and Young Persons Act 1969, III , p. 2358 .
Legal aid for parents where order made under new section 32A of 1969 Act, III ,
p. 2360.
Safeguarding of interests of children before children's hearings etc. in Scotland,
III, p. 2361 .
Absencefrom care and children in need ofsecure accommodation
67. Recovery of children in care of local authorities, III, p. 2362.
68. Extension of powers under section 32 of Children and Young Persons Act 1969,
III, p. 2363.
69. Certificates of unruly character, III , p. 2364.
70. Children of unruly character in Scotland, III, p. 2364.
71. Grants in respect of secure accommodation for children in England and Wales,
III, p. 2365 .
72. Grants in respect of secure accommodation for children in Scotland, III , p. 2365.
Further amendments ofSocial Work (Scotland) Act 1968
73. Amendment of s. 15 of Social Work ( Scotland) Act 1968, III, p. 2366.
74. Substitution of s. 16 of Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968, III, p. 2366.
75. Duty of local authority in Scotland to assume parental rights and powers vested
in a voluntary organisation, III, p. 2371 .
76. Return of child taken away in breach of section 17( 8) or ( 9) of Social Work
( Scotland ) Act 1968, III, p. 2373 .
77. Making of adoption orders where local authority have parentalrights, III, p.2373.
78. Safeguarding of interests of children in proceedings in Scotland relating to the
assumption of parental rights, III, p. 2373.
79. Amendment of section 20 of Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, III , p. 2374.
80. Review of case of child in care in Scotland, III, p. 2374.
81. Restriction on removal of child from care of voluntary organisation, III , p. 2375 .
82. Power of reporters to conduct proceedings under Social Work (Scotland ) Act
1968, III, p. 2375.
83. Amendment of section 37 of Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, III , p. 2375 .
84. Amendment of section 40 of Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968, III, p. 2377.
PART IV
FURTHER AMENDMENTS OF LAW OF ENGLAND AND WALES
Explanation ofconcepts
85. 86. Parental rights and duties, III, p. 2378 .
Legal custody, III, p. 2379.
2 R3
ccclviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CHILDREN Aст —continued
87. Actual custody, III, p. 2379.
88. Child in care of voluntary organisation, III, p. 2379.
89. Amendment of Interpretation Act 1889, III, p. 2380.
Reports in guardianship and matrimonial proceedings
90. Procedure in guardianship proceedings, III, p. 2380.
91. Procedure in matrimonial proceedings, III, p. 2381 .
92. 93. Registration ofbirths
Registration of births of abandoned children, III, p. 2382.
Registration of father of illegitimate child, III, p. 2383.
Extent ofPart IV
94. Extent of Part IV, III, p. 2385.
PART V
95. 96. 97. MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Foster children
Visiting of foster children, III, p. 2385.
Notification by parents, III, p. 2386.
Advertisements relating to foster children, III, p. 2387.
Inquiries
98. Inquiries in England and Wales, III , p. 2387.
99. Inquiries in Scotland, III, p. 2388.
Supplemental
100. Courts, III, p. 2389.
101. Appeals etc., III, p. 2390.
102. Evidence of agreement and consent, III, p. 2391 .
103. Panel for guardians ad litem and reporting officers, III, p. 2391 .
104. Saving for powers of High Court, III, p. 2392.
105.
Periodic review of Act, III, p. 2392.
106 .
Regulations and orders, III, p. 2392.
107. Interpretation, III, p. 2392.
108, and schedules 3, 4. Amendments, repeals, commencement and transitory provi-
sions , III , pp. 2394, 2407.
109. Short title and extent, III, p. 2396.
Schedule 1. Status conferred by adoption or legitimation in England and Wales, III ,
p. 2397.
Schedule 2. Status conferred in Scotland by adoption, III , p. 2404.
Schedule 3. Minor and consequential amendments, III , p. 2407.
Schedule 4. Further repeals, III, p. 2425 .
CHURCH COMMISSIONERS (MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) MEASURE NO. 1
III, p. 2801
1. Payments by Commissioners towards stipend, etc. of Bishop of Sodor and Man,
III, p. 2801.
2. Amendment of provisions as to pensions of Church Estates Commissioners and
their widows, III, p. 2801 .
3. Short title, III, p. 2802.
CHURCH OF ENGLAND. See CHURCH COMMISSIONERS ( MISCELLANEOUS PRO-
VISIONS) MEASURE ( NO. 1); ECCLESIASTICAL OFFICES ( AGE LIMIT ) MEASURE
( No. 2 ).
Index to the Public General Acts andMeasures
ccclix
CINEMATOGRAPH FILMS ACT: c. 73... ... ... ... III, p. 2433
§ 1. Payments by British Films Fund Agency to National Film Finance Corporation,
III, p. 2433.
2. Application of funds by National Film Finance Corporation, III , p. 2433.
3. Citation and extent, III, p. 2434.
CIVIL LIST Аст: с. 82
... ... ... ... ... ... III, p. 2796
§ 1. $ 1 .
Supplements to sums payable under Civil List Acts, III, p, 2796.
2. Short title, III, p. 2796.
COAL INDUSTRY ACT: c. 56 ...
... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1625
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Grants to National Coal Board to meet expenditure under
pneumoconiosis compensation scheme, II , pp. 1625, 1639.
2. New right of Board to withdraw support to enable coal to be worked, II, p. 1626.
3 , and schedule 2. Right of Board to work coal in former copyhold land, II, pp.
1629, 1641 .
4 , and schedule 3. Compulsory acquisition of rights over land for opencast
operations, II, pp. 1631, 1645.
5, and schedule 4. New procedure for suspending public rights of way affected by
opencast operations, II, pp. 1632, 1646.
6. Additional compensation on re-occupation after opencast working, II, p. 1635.
7, and schedule 5. Savings, transitional provisions and repeals, II, pp. 1637, 1648.
8. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1638.
Schedule 1. Supplementary provisions relating to right to withdraw support, II,
p. 1639.
Schedule 2. Retained interests: notices and compensation, II, p. 1641.
Schedule 3. Amendments of Opencast Coal Act 1958 consequential on section 4,
II, p. 1645.
Schedule 4. Suspension of public rights of way: amendments of Schedule 1 to
Opencast Coal Act 1958, II , p. 1646.
Schedule 5. Enactments repealed, II , p. 1648.
COMMUNITY LAND ACT: с. 77... ... ... ... ... III, p. 2661
PART I
PRELIMINARY
Authorities forpurposes oftheAct
§ 1. Authorities , III , p. 2661 .
2. Joint Boards, III, p. 2662.
Interpretation
3, and schedule 1. Development land and relevant development, III , pp. 2663, 2711 .
4. Outstanding material interests, III, p. 2663.
5. Statutory undertakers, III, p. 2664 .
6. Other interpretation, III, p. 2665.
Commencement
7, and schedule 2. The appointed days, etc, III , pp. 2668, 2711 .
PART II
THE LAND AUTHORITY FOR WALES
8, and schedule 3. The Authority, III, pp. 2669, 2712.
9. The initial debt, III, p. 2669.
10. Borrowing powers, III , p. 2670.
11. Guarantees, III, p. 2671 .
12. Accounts and audit, III, p. 2672.
13. Reports, III, p. 2672.
14. Management, etc. of land held by the Authority, III, p. 2673 .
2 R4
ccclx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
COMMUNITY LAND ACT-continued
PART III
COMMUNITY LAND
Acquisition and appropriation ofland
15, and schedule4. 16, and schedule 5.
Powers of acquisition and appropriation, III, pp. 2674, 2716.
Land acquisitionandmanagement schemes, III, pp. 2675, 2731 .
Duties ofauthorities
17, and schedule 6. General duties, III , pp . 2676, 2733.
18. Comprehensive acquisition of development land, III, p. 2676.
Planning permissionfor relevant development
19, and schedule 7. Permission before relevant date: applications before first
appointed day , III, pp. 2678, 2735.
20, and schedule 7. Permission before relevant date: applications on or after first
appointed day, III, pp. 2679, 2735.
21, and schedule 7. Permission granted on or after relevant date, III, pp. 2680, 2735.
22, and schedule 7. Suspension of planning permission: supplemental, III , pp. 2681 ,
2735.
Disposal notification areas
23, and schedule 8. 24, and schedule 8. Disposal notification areas, III , pp. 2682, 2742.
Revocation of duty to notify, III, pp. 2648, 2742.
Land compensation
25. Assumptions as to planning permission on or after second appointed day, III ,
p. 2684.
26. Compensation payable in transactions between certain authorities, III, p. 2686.
27. Financial hardship tribunals, III , p. 2686.
PART IV
UNOCCUPIED OFFICE PREMISES
Powers ofacquisition
28. Power to acquire unoccupied office premises, III, p. 2689.
29. Amount of compensation payable on compulsory acquisition under s. 28, III,
p. 2690.
30. Additional powers of acquisition, III , p. 2692.
31. Application of Acquisition of Land Acts, etc. , III , p. 2692.
Supplemental provisions
32. 33. 34. 35. 36. Assumptions as to occupation, III, p. 2693.
Determination of date of completion, III, p. 2693.
Power to obtain information, III, p . 2694.
Powers of entry, III, p. 2696.
Service of notices, III, p. 2696.
PARTV
MISCELLANEOUS
Acquisition and disposal ofland by the Crown
37. 38. Acquisition and disposal of land by the Crown, III, p. 2697.
Acquisition of land by Crown in Northern Ireland, III, p. 2699.
Crown land
39. Application of Act to Crown land, III, p. 2699.
40. Grants to authorities who buy or rent Crown land, III, p. 2700.
Compulsory acquisition from authorities
or statutory undertakers
41. Exclusion of special parliamentary procedure, III, p. 2700.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxi
COMMUNITY LAND ACT -continued
Land transactions by authorities
42. Consent for disposals, III, p. 2701 .
43. Accounts and records, III, p. 2702.
44. Community land surplus accounts, III , p. 2703.
45. Disposal of land at direction of Secretary of State, III, p. 2704.
46. Register of land holdings, III, p. 2704.
Certification ofappropriate alternative development
47 , and schedule 9. Certification of appropriate alternative development, III , pp.
2704, 2746.
PART VI
SUPPLEMENTAL
Reserve powers
48. Powers of Secretary of State, III, p. 2705
49. Re-transfer of functions, III, p. 2707.
50. Bodies to exercise reserve powers, III , p. 2707.
Other supplemental provisions
51. Power to obtain information, III , p. 2708.
52. Service of documents, III , p. 2708 .
53. Regulations and orders, III, p. 2709.
54. Directions and consents, III, 2709.
55. Local inquiries, III, p. 2709 .
56. Offences by corporations, III , p. 2710.
57. Financial provisions, III, p. 2710.
58, and schedule 10. Short title, etc. , III, pp. 2710, 2749 .
Schedule 1. Exempt development, III , p . 2711 .
Schedule 2. Commencement dates, etc., III, p. 2711 .
Schedule 3.
The Land Authority for Wales, III, p. 2712.
Schedule 4.
Acquisition and appropriation of land, III, p. 2716.
Schedule 5.
Land acquisition and management schemes, III, p. 2731 .
Schedule 6.
General duties of authorities, III , p. 2733 .
Schedule 7. Planning permission for relevant development, III , p. 2735.
Schedule 8.
Disposal notification areas, III, p. 2742.
Schedule 9.
Land Compensation Acts as amended, III, p. 2746.
Schedule 10.
Minor and consequential amendments, III , p. 2749.
Schedule 11 .
Repeals, III, p. 2754.
CONSERVATION OF WILD CREATURES AND WILD PLANTS ACT : c. 48.... II, p. 1519
§ 1. Restriction on killing etc. protected wild creatures, II, p. 1519.
2. Restriction on sale of certain wild creatures, II , p. 1519.
3. Restriction on marking or ringing, II , p. 1520.
4. Restriction on uprooting wild plants, II , p. 1520.
5. Protection of rare plants, II, p. 1520.
6. General exceptions, II , p. 1520.
7, and schedules 1 , 2. Variation of Schedules, II, pp. 1520, 1526.
8. Power to grant licences, II, p. 1521 .
9. Offender may be required to quit land, II , p. 1522.
10. Enforcement, II , p. 1522.
11. Penalties , II , p. 1522.
12, and schedules 1, 2. Duty of Nature Conservancy Council, II, pp. 1523, 1526.
13. Power of local authorities , II , p. 1523.
14. Orders, II, p. 1523.
15 , and schedules 1, 2. Interpretation, II, pp. 1524, 1526.
16. Amendment of s . 9 of Badgers Act 1973 , II , p. 1525.
17. Short title and extent, II, p. 1525.
Schedule 1. Wild creatures protected by this Act, II, p. 1526.
Schedule 2. Species of protected plants, II, p. 1526.
ccclxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CONSOLIDATED FUND Aст: с. 1... ... ... ... ... ...
I, p. 1
CONSOLIDATED FUND (No. 2 ) Аст: с. 12... ... ... ...
I, p. 295
CONSOLIDATED FUND (No. 3) Аст: с. 79... ... ... ... III , p. 2791
CORPORATION TAX. See BIOLOGICAL STANDARDS ACT ( c. 4, s. 2( 4)) ; FINANCE
Аст(с. 7, Pt. II, schs. 1-3); FINANCE (No. 2 ) Аст (с. 45, Pt. III, schs. 8–14 );
OIL TAXATION ACT (c. 22, s. 17 ).
CRIMINAL JURISDICTION ACT: c. 59 ...... ... ... ... II, p. 1673
Extra-territorial offences
§ 1, and schedule 1. Criminal liability for offences in the Republic of Ireland, II
pp. 1673, 1682.
2. Hijacking of vehicles or ships, II, p. 1674 .
3. Escape or rescue from detention in Republic of Ireland, II, p. 1674 .
4 , and schedules 2 , 3. Trial of extra-territorial offences, II, pp. 1675, 1684.
5 , and schedule 4. Evidence for trial of extra-territorial offences, II, pp. 1676, 1687.
6. Inchoate offences, II, p. 1676.
Particular offences
7. 8. Amendment of Explosive Substances Act 1883 , II, p. 1677.
Amendment of Firearms Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969, II, p. 1678.
Evidence in criminal proceedings
9. 10. Admissibility of written statements made in the Republic of Ireland, II , p. 1678.
Evidence on committal for trial, II, p. 1679.
Prosecutions
11. Prosecution of extra-territorial offences, II, p. 1679 .
12. Consents to prosecutions, etc., II, p. 1679.
Supplemental
13. Interpretation and saving, II, p. 1680.
14, and schedules 5, 6. Short title, etc. , II, pp . 1681, 1681, 1690.
Schedule 1. Offences in Republic of Ireland triable in NorthernIreland , II ,p. 1682.
Schedule 2. Amendments of Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973, II,
p. 1684.
Schedule 3. Extra- territorial offences, II, p. 1685.
Schedule 4. Examination of witnesses out of court, II, p. 1687.
Schedule 5. Consent to prosecutions, II, p. 1690.
Schedule 6. Repeals, II, p. 1691 .
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 21... ... ... I, p. 759
PART I
SOLEMN PROCEDURE
Jurisdiction
§ 1. Application of Part I of this Act, I, p. 759.
2. Jurisdiction and powers of courts of solemn jurisdiction, I, p. 759.
3. Jurisdiction of sheriff, I, p. 760.
4. Boundaries of jurisdiction, I, p . 760.
5. Procedure in case of crime in different districts, I, p. 761 .
6. Jurisdiction and procedure in respect of certain indictable offences committed
abroad, I, p. 761 .
7. Theft outside Scotland, I, p. 762.
8. Trial of certain crimes and offences in sheriff court, I, p. 762.
9. Instructions by Lord Advocate as to reporting offences, I, p. 762.
10. Intimation of proceedings in High Court to Lord Advocate, I, p. 762.
11. Procedure after intimation, I, p. 763.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxiii
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PROCEDURE PRIOR TO TRIAL
Arrest, Judicial Examination, Custody, Bail etc.
12. Petitions for warrants, I, p. 763.
13. Warrants for arrest of escaped prisoners and mental patients, I, p. 763.
14 , and schedule 1. Warrant to search for or remove a child, I, pp. 764, 963.
15. Sheriff's warrant may be executed out of district, I, p. 765.
16. Backing of certain warrants from the Isle of Man, I, p. 765.
17. Execution of Scottish warrants in England and vice versa, I, p. 766.
18, and schedule 1. Power ofconstable to take offenders into custody, I, pp. 766, 963.
19. Prisoners before examination to have access to solicitor, I, p. 767.
20. Accused at examination need not emit a declaration, I, p. 767.
21. Examination of accused on charges arising in different districts, I, p. 767.
22. Committal until liberation in due course of law, I, p. 768.
23. Remand and committal of persons under 21 , I, p. 768.
24. Committal of children to custody in place of safety, I, p. 769.
25. Power of court to commit to hospital a person suffering from mental disorder,
I, p. 769.
26. Bail competent before committal, I, p. 770.
27. Renewal of application for bail after committal, I, p. 770.
28. Admission or refusal of bail after committal, I, p. 770.
29. Amount of bail, I, p. 771.
30. Application for review of court's decision on bail and caution, I, p. 771 .
31. Appeal in respect of bail, I, p. 771 .
32. No fees exigible against accused in respect of application for bail, I, p. 772 .
33 . Liberation of applicant when appealby public prosecutor, I, p. 772.
34. Power of court to refund bail, I, p. 772.
35. Right of Lord Advocate and High Court to admit a person to bail, I, p. 772.
36. Citation of persons liberated on bail at domiciles specified in bail bonds, I,
p. 773.
37. Power to order parent to give security for child's good behaviour, I, p. 773.
38. Separation of children from adults at courts, etc. , I, p. 773.
39. Attendance at court of parent of child charged with an offences, etc. , I, p. 773 .
40. Notices to local authority of charge against a child, I, p. 774.
The Indictment
41. Indictment forms, I, p. 774.
42. Procedure on resignation, death or removal of Lord Advocate, I, p. 774.
43. Naming of accused, I, p. 775.
44. Nomen juris unnecessary, I, p. 775.
45. Case of two or more persons charged, I, p. 775.
46. "
Guilty, actor or art and part " unnecessary, I , p. 775.
47. "
All which or part " implied, I, p. 775.
48. Qualifying words to be implied, I, p. 775.
49. Quotation of statutes unnecessary, I, p. 776.
50. Latitude as to time and place, I, p. 776.
51. Latitude as to quantities, persons, things or modes, I, p. 776.
52. Description of buildings, goods, money or other property, I, p. 776.
53. Description of persons, goods, etc., I, p. 777.
54. “
Money " to include coin, bank notes and post office orders, I, p. 777.
55. Setting forth documents unnecessary, I, p. 777.
56. Declaration, etc. , not averred, I, p. 777.
57. Indictments, etc., written or printed or partly so, I, p. 777.
58. Authentication of alterations to indictment, etc., I, p. 778.
59. Reset, I, p. 778.
60. Robbery, etc., to include reset, theft to include breach of trust, etc. , I, p. 778.
61. Procedure where more than one crime charged, I, p. 778.
62. and schedule 1. Mode of charging certain offences committed against two or
more children under 17, I, pp. 779, 963.
63. Attempt at crime, I, p. 779.
64. Statutory offences which are offences at common law, I, p. 779.
65. Superfluous particulars as to identity, I, p. 779.
66. Proof exceptions, qualifications, etc., I, p. 780.
67. Offence committed in special capacity, I, p. 780.
ccclxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
Notice ofprevious convictions
68. Notice of previous convictions, I, p. 780.
Citation ofaccused, witnesses andjurors
69. Warrants for citation, I, p. 781 .
70. Service of indictment and list of witnesses, I, p. 781 .
71. Manner of service of indictment, etc. , I, p. 781 .
72. Officers may cite jurors and witnesses, without witnesses and oath of officer
sufficient evidence of citation, I, p. 782.
73. Execution of citation of indictment, I, p. 782.
74. Proceedings against bodies corporate, I, p. 782.
Fixing the diets
75. Two diets , I, p. 783.
76.
Notice for first diet, I, p. 784.
77. Alteration of diet, I, p. 784.
Lodging of list of witnesses, productions, special defence, etc.
78. Record copy indictment and list of witnesses , I, p. 784.
79. Description of witnesses, I, p. 784.
80. Objection to witnesses, I, p. 785.
81. Examination by prosecutor of witnesses, etc., not included in lists lodged, I,
p. 785.
82. Written notice of special defence and examination of witnesses and productions
not included in lists lodged, I, p. 785.
83. Accused entitled to see productions, I, p. 786.
84. Proof as to productions, I, p. 786.
Preparation ofjury list, etc.
85. Forty -five jurors to be returned for trials, I, p. 786.
86. Jurors for High Court at Edinburgh, I, p. 786.
87. Jurors for High Court when on circuit, I , p. 787.
88. Area from which jury summoned to circuit court, I, p. 787.
89. Jurors in inferior courts, I, p. 787.
90. Order in which names of jurors are to be taken, I, p. 787.
91. Names of jurors dying or becoming disqualified to be passed over in making
returns of jurors, I, p. 787.
92. Jurors as returned to serve on trials, I, p. 788.
93. Names of jurors to be inserted in one roll, I , p. 788 .
94. One list of assize sufficient for all trials at the same diet in High Court, I, p. 788 .
95. No irregularity in lists, etc. , to be an objection to jurors, I, p. 788 .
96. Notice of jury list, I , p. 788 .
97. Sufficient jurors only to be summoned, I, p. 789.
98. Jurors to be cited by registered letter or recorded delivery, I, p. 789.
99, and schedule 2. Fining ofjurors for non-attendance, I, pp. 789, 963.
100, and schedule 3. No exemptions by sex or marriage from liability to serve as juror,
I, pp. 789, 964.
101. 102. Delay in trial
Prevention of delay in trials, I, p. 790.
Accelerated trial
Procedure where accused desires to plead guilty, I, p. 791 .
First diet
103. Sheriff court case, I, p. 792.
104. 105. 106. 107. 108. 109. 110. 111. Remit to High Court for sentence, I, p. 793.
High Court case, I, p. 794.
Power to convict on plea of guilty to offence other than that charged in indict-
ment, I, p. 795.
Solicitor of place of second diet may defend at both diets, I, p. 795.
Certain objections competent only at first diet, I, p. 795.
Interlocutor of relevancy unnecessary, I , p. 795.
Where sentence delayed, original warrant of commitment stands, I, p. 795.
Postponement on old warrant where diet deserted, I, p. 796.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxv
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
Sittings ofHigh Court
112. Sittings of Court of Justiciary, I, p. 796.
113. Judges in High Court, I, p. 796.
114. Power to High Court to determine circuits, etc., I, p. 796.
115. Sitting dispensed with, I, p. 797.
116. Adjournment of second diet, I, p. 797 .
117. Sitting transferred where few cases , I, p. 797.
118. Trial on adjacent circuit, I, p. 798.
119. Place ofcertain trials, I, p. 798.
120. Notification after first diet of intention to plead guilty, I, p. 798.
Procedure at trial
121. Second diet -Transcript of procedure at first diet, I, p. 799.
122. Review at second diet in High Court, I, p. 799.
123. Amendment of indictment, I, p. 800.
124. On plea of guilty, jury to be dispensed with and sentence pronounced, I, p. 800.
125. On plea of not guilty, jury to be balloted and sworn, I, p. 800.
126. On plea of not guilty, the indictment need not be read over, I, p. 800.
127. Procedure where trial does not take place, I , p. 801 .
128. Provision for death or illness of judge, I, p. 801.
129. Jury to be chosen by ballot in open court, I, p. 802.
130. Challenges and objections to jurors, I, p . 802 .
131. Juror without citation not to be objected to, I, p. 803.
132. Jurors chosen for one trial may continue to serve, I, p. 803 .
133. Jurors may be excused, I, p. 803.
134. Provision for death or illness ofjurors, I, p. 803.
135. Clerk to state charge, and swear jury, I, p. 804.
136. Trial to be continuous, I, p. 804.
137. Seclusion of jury, I, p. 804.
138. Witnesses not to be excluded by reason of conviction, interest, etc. , I, p. 804.
139. Witnesses admissible notwithstanding relationship to parties, I, p. 805.
140. Presence in court not to disqualify witnesses in certain cases, I, p. 805.
141. Accused and spouse competent witnesses for defence, I, p. 805.
142. Evidence of accused, I, p. 806.
143, and schedules 1 , 4. Spouse as witness in certain cases, I, pp. 806, 963, 969.
144. 145. Notice of spouse as witness, I, p. 806.
Trial in open court, I, p. 807.
146. Sheriff's notes of evidence, I, p. 807.
147. Witness may be examined, etc., as to having previously made a different state-
ment, I, p. 807.
148. Examination of witness , I, p. 807.
149. Witness may be recalled, I, p. 807.
150. Admissions and agreements as to evidence, I, p. 807.
151. Declarations to be received in evidence without being sworn to by witnesses, I,
p. 808.
152. Defence to speak last, I, p. 808.
153. Seclusion of jury, etc. , after retiral, I, p. 808.
154. Oral verdicts to be returned by juries, I, p. 809.
155. Verdicts may be returned by juries without retiring, I, p. 809.
156. Interruption of trial for verdict in earlier trial, I, p . 809.
157. Interruption of trial for plea or sentence in another cause, I, p. 810.
158. No proceeding under section 156 or 157 of this Act to be deemed an irregularity,
I, p. 810.
159. Previous convictions, I, p. 810.
160. Laying of previous convictions before jury, I, p. 811 .
161. Laying of previous convictions before judge, I, p. 811 .
162. Extract convictions to be received and manner of proof , I, p. 811 .
163. Extract conviction to be issued by clerk having record copy of indictment, I,
p. 812.
164. Proof of previous convictions by fingerprints, I, p. 812.
165. 166. Procedure at trial involving children
Child under 14 not to be in court during trial of another person, I, p. 813.
Power to clear court while child is giving evidence in certain cases, I, p. 813.
ccclxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
167, and schedule 1. Power to proceed with case in absence of person under 17, I,
pp. 814, 963.
168. Power of court, in respect of certain offences against a child , to refer child to
reporter, I, p. 814.
169. Power to prohibit publication of certain matter, I, p. 814.
170. Age of criminal responsibility, I, p. 814.
171, and schedule 1. Presumption and determination of age of child, I, pp. 814, 963.
172. Welfare of child, I, p. 816.
173. Reference and remit of children's cases by courts to children's hearings, I, p. 816.
Procedure at trial ofpersons suffering from mental disorder
174. 175. 176. 177. 178. Insanity in bar of trial or as the ground of acquittal, I, p. 816.
Power of court to order hospital admission or guardianship, I, p. 817.
Requirements as to medical evidence, I, p. 819.
Supplementary provisions as to hospital orders, I, p. 819.
Power of court to restrict discharge from hospital, I, p. 820.
CONVICTION AND SENTENCE
179. 180. Adjournment and remand
Power of court to adjourn a case before sentence, I, p. 820.
Remand for inquiry into physical or mental condition, I, p. 821 .
Admonition and discharge
181. Admonition, I, p. 822.
182. Absolute discharge, I, p. 822.
Probation
183, and schedule 5. Probation, I, pp. 822, 969.
184. Probation orders requiring treatment for mental condition, I, p. 823 .
185, and schedule 5. Discharge and amendment of probation orders, I, pp. 825, 969.
186. Failure to comply with requirement of probation order, I, p. 825.
187. Commission of further offence, I, p. 826.
188. Probation orders relating to persons residing in England, I, p. 827.
189. Further provisions as to probation orders, I, p. 828.
190. Supplementary provisions as to probation, I, p. 830.
191. Effects of probation and absolute discharge, I, p. 830.
192. Probation reports, I, p. 831 .
Penalties for statutory offences
193. Power to mitigate penalties, I, p. 831 .
Fines
194. Time for payment, I, p. 832.
195, and schedule 6. Payment by instalments, I, pp. 832, 972.
196. Fines, etc. , maybe enforced in other district, I, p. 833.
197. Imprisonment in default of payment of fine, I, p. 833.
198. Substitution of custody for imprisonment where a child defaults on fine, I,
p. 834.
199. Period of imprisonment for non-payment of fine, I, p. 834.
200. Discharge from imprisonment to be specified, I, p. 834.
201. Payment of fine in part by prisoner, I, p. 834.
202. Remission of fine where young offender detained, I, p. 834.
203. Fines payable to H.M. Exchequer, I, p. 835.
Borstal training
204. Borstal training, I, p. 835.
Imprisonment, etc.
205. Life imprisonment for murder, I, p. 836.
206. Punishment of person under 18, I, p. 836.
207. Restriction on imprisonment of person under 17, I, p. 836.
208. 209. Restriction on detention of person under 21 , I, p. 836.
Detention in detention centre, I, p. 837.
210. Term of detention in a detention centre, I, p. 838.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxvii
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
211. Recall to Borstal on re -conviction, I, p. 838.
212. Recall to young offenders institution on re- conviction, I, p. 838.
213. Revocation of licence by court, I, p. 839.
214. Return to prison in case of breach of supervision, I, p. 839.
215. Legal custody, I, p. 841 .
Miscellaneous provisions as to conviction, sentence, etc.
216. Art and part guilt of statutory offence, I, p. 841 .
217. Form of sentence, I , p. 841 .
218. Consideration of time spent in custody, I, p. 841 .
219. Deferred sentence, I, p. 841 .
220. Capital sentence not competent under this Act, I, p. 841 .
221. No penal servitude or hard labour, I, p. 842.
222. No fees exigible, I, p. 842.
223. Forfeiture of property, I, p. 842.
224. Warrant of search for forfeited articles, I, p. 842.
225. Interlocutors to be signed by clerk, I, p. 843.
226. Record copies to be inserted in books of adjournal of High Court, I, p. 843.
227. Indictment to be inserted in record book in sheriff court, I, p. 843.
APPEAL
Procedure prior to hearing
228. Right of appeal, I, p. 843.
229. Certificate by judge that case appealable, I, p. 844.
230. Bill of suspension not competent, I, p. 844.
231. Time for appealing, I, p. 844.
232. Calculating days of appeal, etc., I, p. 844.
233. Forms of appeal, I, p. 844.
234. Presentation of appeal in writing, I, p. 845.
235. Applications may be made orally or in writing, I, p. 845.
236. Proceedings in sheriff court to be furnished, I, p. 846.
237. Judge's notes and report to be furnished, I, p. 846.
238. Admission of appellant to bail, I, p. 847.
239. Notice to appellant of date of hearing, I, p. 847.
240. Appellant may be present at hearing, I, p. 847.
241. Notice to authorities, etc. , of date of hearing, I, p. 847.
242. Notice to Prison Commissioners of attendance of appellant at hearing, I, p. 848.
243. Warders to attend court, I, p. 848.
244. Abandonment of appeal, I, p. 848.
Procedure at hearing
245. Quorum and sitting of High Court, I, p. 848.
246. Sittings to be arranged by Lord Justice General, I, p. 849.
247. Powers which may be exercised by a single judge, I, p. 849.
248. Single judge may act wherever convenient, I , p. 849.
249. Interlocutory proceedings, I, p. 849.
250. Representation before single judge, I, p. 849.
251. Appeal against refusal of application, I, p. 849.
252. Supplemental powers of High Court, I, p. 850.
253. Evidence in court or on commission, I, p. 851 .
254. Determination of appeals, I, p. 852.
255. Substitution of verdict, I, p. 853.
256. Frivolous appeals, I, p. 853 .
257. Failure to appear at hearing, I, p. 853.
258. Appellant may be sentenced in absence, I, p. 854.
259. Continuation of hearing, I, p. 854.
260. Notice of decision of court on application, I, p. 854.
261. Notice of determination of appeal, I, p. 854.
262. Finality of proceedings, I, p. 854.
Further provisions as to appeals
263. Prerogative of mercy, I, p. 854.
264. Disqualification, forfeiture, etc., I, p. 855.
ccclxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT-continued
265. Fines and caution, I, p. 855.
266. Expenses, I, p. 856.
267. No fees exigible, I, p. 856.
268. Reckoning of time spent pending appeal, I, p. 856.
269. Extract convictions, I, p. 857.
270. Custody of trial documents, etc., I, p. 857 .
271. Clerk of Justiciary to furnish forms, etc. , I, p. 858.
272. Note to be kept of appeal, I, p. 858.
273. Register of appeals , I, p. 858 .
274. Shorthand notes of trial, I, p. 859.
275. Certification of shorthand notes, etc. , I, p. 859.
276. Declaration administered to shorthand writer, I, p. 860.
277. Non- compliance with certain provisions may be waived, I, p. 860.
278. Forms of procedure may be varied, I, p. 861 .
279. Interpretation of sections 228 to 278 of this Act, I, p. 861 .
280. Appeais against hospital orders, etc., I, p. 862.
Miscellaneous
281. 282. High Court proceedings final, I, p. 862.
Acts of Adjournal, I, p. 862.
PART II
SUMMARY PROCEDURE
Jurisdiction
283. 284. 285. 286. 287. 288. 289. 290. 291. 292. 293. Application of Part II of this Act, I, p. 862.
Jurisdiction of inferior courts , I, p. 863 .
Certain crimes not to be tried in inferior courts, I, p. 863.
Remit to higher court or other jurisdiction, I, p. 864.
Boundaries ofjurisdiction, I, p. 864.
Jurisdiction of sheriff, I, p. 865.
Summary powers of sheriff, I, p. 865.
When six months' imprisonment competent, I, p. 866.
Trial of certain offences, I, p. 866.
Theft outside Scotland, I, p. 866.
Instructions by Lord Advocate as to reporting offences, I, p. 867.
Procedure prior to trial
294, and schedule 1. Power of constable to take offenders into custody, I , pp. 867, 963.
295. Chief constable may in certain cases accept bail, I, p. 867.
296. Police liberation or detention of children arrested, I, p. 868.
297. Committal of children to custody in place of safety, I, p. 869.
298. All offences to be bailable, I, p. 869.
299. Application for review of court's decision on bail and caution, I, p. 870.
300. Appeal in respect of bail, I , p . 870.
301. Power of court to refund bail, I, p. 871 .
302. Citation of persons liberated on bail at domiciles specified in bail bonds, I, p. 871 .
303. Caution and bail, I, p. 871 .
304. Power to order parent to give security for child's good behaviour, I, p. 872.
305. Intimation to solicitor, I, p. 873 .
306. Separation of children from adults at courts, etc. , I, p. 873 .
307. Attendance at court of parent of child charged with an offence, etc. , I, p. 873 .
308. Notice to local authority of charge against a child, I, p. 874.
309. Forms of procedure, I, p. 874.
310. Incidental applications, I, p. 874.
311. Complaint, I, p. 874.
312. Form of the charge in complaint, I, p. 875.
313, and schedule 1. Mode of charging certain offences committed against two or
more children under 17, I, pp. 880, 963.
314. Orders of court on complaint, I, p. 880.
315. Citation, I, p. 881 .
316. Manner of citation, I, p. 881 .
317. Citation of probationer, I, p. 882.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxix
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
318. Citation of offender, I, p. 883.
319. Citation by post, I, p. 883.
320. Apprehension of witness, I, p. 883.
321. Warrants of apprehension and search, I, p. 883.
322. Warrants for arrest of escaped prisoners and mental patients, I, p. 884.
323, and schedule 1. Warrant to search for or remove a child, I, pp. 885, 963.
324. Backing of certain warrants from the Isle of Man, I, p. 886.
325. Execution of Scottish warrants in England and vice versa, I, p. 887.
326. Service of complaints, etc. , I, p. 887.
327. Sheriff's warrant may be executed out of district, I , p. 887.
328. Adjournment for inquiry, etc. , I, p. 887.
329. Remand and committal of persons under 21, I, p. 888.
330. Power of court to commit to hospital a person suffering from mental disorder
I, p. 889.
331, and schedule 1. Statutory offences time-limit, I, pp. 889, 963.
332. Power to recover penalties, I, p. 890.
333. Offences by companies, etc., I, p. 890.
Trial procedure
334. Procedure at first diet, etc. , I, p. 891 .
335. Amendment of complaint, I, p. 892.
336. Plea of guilty, I, p.
I, p. 892.
337. Plea of not guilty, I, p. 892.
338. Failure of accused to appear, I, p. 893.
339. Alibi, I, p. 894.
340. Examination of witness, I, p. 895.
341. Witnesses not to be excluded by reason of conviction, interest, etc. , I , p. 895.
342. Witnesses admissible notwithstanding relationship to parties , I, p. 895.
343. Presence in court not to disqualify witnesses in certain cases, I, p. 895.
344. Punishment of witness for contempt, I, p. 896.
345. Administration of oath to same witness in cases at same diet, I, p. 896.
346. Accused and spouse competent witness for defence, I, p. 896.
347. Evidence of accused, I, p. 897.
348, and schedules 1, 4. Spouse as witness in certain cases, I, pp. 898, 963, 969.
349. Witness may be examined, etc., as to having previously made a different state-
ment, I, p. 898.
350. Witness may be recalled, I, p. 898.
351. Defence to speak last, I, p. 898.
352. Declaration of accused, I, p. 898 .
353. Proof of official documents, I, p. 899.
354. Admissions by parties, I, p. 899.
355. Judges equally divided, I, p. 899.
356. Previous convictions, I, p. 900.
357. Laying of previous convictions before court, I, p. 900.
358. Proof of previous convictions by fingerprints, I, p. 901 .
359. Record, I, p. 902.
360. Proceedings written or printed, I, p. 902.
Procedure at trial involving children
361. Child under 14 not to be in court during trial of another person, I, p. 903 .
362. Power to clear court while child is giving evidence in certain cases, I, p. 903.
363, and schedule 1. Power to proceed with case in absence of person under 17, I,
pp. 903, 963.
364, and schedule 1. Power of court, in respect of certain offences against a child,
to refer child to reporter, I, pp. 903, 963 .
365. Power to prohibit publication of certain matter, I, p. 904.
366. Procedure when sheriff sits summarily in respect of offence by child, I, p. 904.
367. Powers of sheriff sitting summarily, I, p. 905.
368, and schedule 1. Presumption and determination of age of child, I, pp. 905, 963.
369. Age of criminal responsibility, I, p. 906.
370. Child charged jointly with person who is not a child, I, p. 907.
371. Welfare of child, I, p. 907.
372. Reference and remit of children's cases by courts to children's hearings, I, p. 907.
373. Reference and remit of cases of certain young persons by courts to children's
hearings, I, p. 908.
374. Restrictions on report of proceedings involving child, I, p. 908.
ccclxx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
Procedure at trial ofpersons sufferingfrom mental disorder
375. 376. 377. 378. 379. Insanity in bar of trial, I, p. 908.
Power of court to order hospital admission or guardianship, I, p. 909.
Requirements as to medical evidence, I, p. 911.
Supplementary provisions as to hospital orders, I, p. 912.
Power of court to restrict discharge from hospital, I, p. 912.
CONVICTION AND SENTENCE
Adjournment and remand
380. 381. Power of court to adjourn case before sentence, I, p. 913.
Remand for inquiry into physical or mental condition, I, p. 913.
Admonition and discharge
382. Admonition, I, p. 914.
383. Absolute discharge, I, p. 914.
Probation
384, and schedule 5. Probation, I, pp. 914, 969.
385. Probation orders requiring treatment for mental condition, I, p. 916.
386 , and schedule 5. Discharge and amendment of probation orders, I, pp. 917, 969.
387. 388. Failure to comply with requirement of probation order, I, p. 917.
Commission of further offence, I, p. 918.
389. Probation orders relating to persons residing in England, I, p. 919.
390. Further provisions as to probation orders, I, p. 920.
391. Supplementary provisions as to probation, I, p. 922.
392. Effects of probation and absolute discharge, I, p. 922.
393. Probation reports, I, p. 923.
Penaltiesfor statutory offences
394. Power to mitigate penalties, I, p. 924.
Fines
395. Provisions as to fines, I, p. 924.
396. Time for payment, I, p. 925.
397. Application for further time for payment of fine, I, p. 926.
398. Restriction on imprisonment after fine or caution, I, p. 927.
399. Payment by instalments , I, p. 927.
400. Supervision pending payment of fine, I, p. 928.
401. Supplementary provisions as to payment of fine, I, p. 929 .
402. Fines, etc. , may be enforced in other district, I, p. 929.
403. Transfer of fine orders, I, p. 929.
404. Action of clerk of court on transfer of fine orders, I, p. 931.
405. Imprisonment indefault of payment of fine, I, p. 931 .
406. Substitution of custody for imprisonment where a child defaults on fine, I, p. 931 .
407. Period of imprisonment for non-payment of fine, I, p. 932.
408. Discharge from imprisonment to be specified, I, p. 932.
409, and schedule 7. Payment of fine in part by prisoner, I , pp. 932, 972.
410. Remission of fine where young offender detained, I, p. 933.
411. Recovery by civil diligence, I, p. 933.
412. Payment of fines to be made to clerk of court, I, p. 933.
Residential and Borstal training
413. 414. Committal for residential training, I, p. 934.
Borstal training, I, p. 934.
Imprisonment, etc.
415. 416. 417. 418. 419. 420. 421. 422. Restriction on imprisonment of person under 17, I, p. 935.
Restriction on detention of person under 21 , I , p. 935.
Restriction on imprisonment of first offenders, I, p. 935.
Detention in a detention centre, I, p. 936.
Term of detention in a detention centre, I, p. 937.
Recall to Borstal on re-conviction, I, p. 938 .
Recall to young offenders institution on re-conviction, I, p. 938.
Revocation of licence by court, I, p. 938 .
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxi
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
423. Return to prison in case of breach of supervision, I, p. 938.
424. Detention in precincts of court, I, p. 940.
425. No imprisonment for less than five days, I, p. 940.
426. Legal custody, I, p. 941.
Miscellaneous Provisions as to Conviction, Sentence, etc.
427. Conviction of part only of charge, I, p. 941 .
428. Art and part guilt of statutory offence, I, p. 941 .
429. “
Conviction " and " sentence" not to be used in relation to a child, I, p. 941 .
430. Forms of finding and sentence, I, p. 942.
431. Consideration of time spent in custody, I, p. 942.
432. Deferred sentence, I, p. 942.
433. Sentence in open court, I, p. 942.
434. Further provision as to sentence, I, p. 942.
435. Expenses, I, p. 943.
436. Forfeiture of implements, I, p. 944.
437. Warrant of search for forfeited articles, I, p. 944.
438. 439. Register of children found guilty of offences, I, p. 944.
Correction of errors, I, p. 944.
440. Extract sufficient warrant for imprisonment, I, p. 945.
441. Provision for court comprising more than one judge, I, p. 945.
Review
442. Appeal by stated case, I, p. 945.
443. Appeals against hospital orders, etc. , I, p. 945.
444. Manner and time of appeal, I, p. 946.
445. Caution by appellant, I, p. 947.
446. Procedure where appellant in custody, I, p. 947.
447. Draft stated case to be prepared, I, p. 948.
448. Adjustment and signature of case, I, p. 948.
449. Abandonment of appeal, I, p. 949.
450. Record of procedure in appeal, I, p. 950.
451. Computation of time, I, p. 950.
452. Hearing of appeal, I, p. 950.
453. Consent by prosecutor to set aside conviction, I, p. 951 .
454. Convictions not to be quashed on certain grounds, I, p. 952.
455. Other modes of appeal, I, p. 952.
Miscellaneous
456. Actions of damages in respect of proceedings under this Part of this Act, I,
p. 952.
457. Acts of Adjournal, I, p. 953.
PART III
GENERAL
458. Construction of enactments referring to sentence of detention, I, p. 953.
459. Construction of enactments referring to detention, I , p. 953 .
460, and schedule 8. Transitional provisions and savings, I, pp. 953, 972.
461, and schedules 9, 10. Consequential amendments, repeals and revocations, I,
pp. 955, 973 .
462. Interpretation, I, p. 955.
463. Extent, I, p. 961 .
464. Short title and commencement, I, p. 962.
Schedule 1. Offences against children under the age of 17 years to which special
provisions apply, I, p. 963.
Schedule 2. Schedule 3 . Schedule 4.
Schedule 5.
Schedule 6.
Schedule 7.
Schedule 8.
Schedule 9. Schedule 10. Remission of fines on jurors, I, p. 963.
Composition ofjuries, I, p. 964.
Enactments referred to in sections 143 and 348 of this Act, I, p. 969.
Discharge and amendment of probation orders , I, p. 969.
Fines on indictment -payment by instalments , I, p. 972.
Application of sums paid as part of fine under section 409 of this Act,
I, p . 972.
Provisions of this Act referred to in section 460( 8) of this Act, I, p. 972
Enactments amended, I, p. 973.
Repeals and revocations, I, p. 979.
ccclxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CROWN. Application to, under-
Safety of Sports Grounds Act ( c. 52, s. 16 )
... ... ...
Sex Discrimination Act ( c. 65, s. 85 )
... ... ... ...
Scottish Development Agency Act (c. 69, s. 24 )
... ...
Employment Protection Act ( c. 71 , s. 121)
... ... ...
II, p. 1587
II, p. 1955
III, p. 2061
III, p. 2207
CROWN LAND. Application to, under-
Community Land Act ( c. 77, ss. 37-39)... ... ... ... III, p. 2697
Offshore Petroleum Development ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 8, ss. 16, 20( 2) )
I, pp. 232, 234
Welsh Development Agency Act ( c. 70, s. 26 )... ... ... III, p. 2092
D
DISEASES OF ANIMALS Aст: с. 40... ... ... ... II, p. 1313
§ 1, and schedule 1. Extended power to prevent introduction and spread of diseases
of animals and poultry, II, pp. 1313, 1317.
2. Powers of entry, II, p. 1315.
3. Prosecution on indictment of certain offences connected with importation, II,
p. 1315.
4 , and schedule 2. Transitional provisions and repeals, II, pp. 1316, 1318.
5. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1316.
Schedule 1. Provisions to be substituted for Schedule 1 to principal Act, II, p. 1317.
Schedule 2. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1318 .
DISTRICT COURTS (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 20... .. I, p. 735
PART I
DISTRICT COURTS
1. Abolition ofexisting inferior courts and establishment of district courts, I, p. 735.
2. District of, and exercise of jurisdiction by, district court, I, p. 736.
3. Jurisdiction and powers of district court, I, p. 736.
4. Procedure and practice in the district court, I, p. 737
5. Stipendiary magistrates, I, p. 737.
6. District prosecutor, I, p. 738 .
7. Clerk of district court, I, p. 739.
8. Court houses for district court, I, p. 739.
PART II
JUSTICES AND CLERKS OF THE PEACE
Justices of the peace
9. Appointment and removal ofjustices , I, p. 740.
10. Existing justices and magistrates, I, p. 741 .
11. Ex officio justices , I, p. 742.
12. Disqualification in certain cases of justices who are members of local authorities,
I, p. 743.
13. Disqualification of solicitor who is a justice, I, p. 743 .
14. Courses for justices , I, p. 744.
15. Supplemental list, I, p. 744.
16. Justices' committees, I, p. 745.
17. Allowances, I, p. 746.
18. Clerks of the peace
Appointment and duties of clerk of peace, I, p. 747.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxiii
DISTRICT COURTS (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
19. Compensation, I, p. 748.
20. Custody dy of records, I , p. 748 .
21. Amendment of Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 1967 and Legal Advice and Assistance
Act 1972, I, p. 749.
22. Amendment of sections 28 and 29 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959, I, p. 750.
23. District court and justice of peace expenses and destination of fines , I, p. 750.
General
24 , and schedules 1, 2. Amendments and repeals, I, pp. 751, 753.
25. Expenses, I, p. 751 .
26. Interpretation, I, p. 752.
27. Short title extent and commencement, I, p. 752.
Schedule 1. Minor and consequential amendment of enactments, I, p. 753 .
Schedule 2. Repeals, I, p. 756.
E
ECCLESIASTICAL OFFICES ( AGE LIMIT ) MEASURE NO. 2... ... III, p. 2803
§ 1 , and schedule. Age limit for appointment, etc. , to certain ecclesiastical offices,
III, pp. 2803, 2806.
2. Archbishop may continue in office for certain period after attaining retiring age
at discretion of Her Majesty, III, p. 2803.
3. Provisions with respect to continuance in office of other office holders after
attainment of retiring age, III, p. 2804.
4. Declaration of vacancy in archbishopric or bishopric, III , p. 2804.
5. Exercise of powers of bishops or archbishop during absence abroad, etc. , III,
p. 2805.
6. Interpretation, III, p. 2805.
7. Short title, extent and commencement, III, p. 2805.
Schedule, III, p. 2806.
EDUCATION ACT: c. 2... ... ...
... ... I, p. 2
§ 1. Awards and grants by local education authorities, I, p. 2.
2. Awards by Secretary of State for students at adult education colleges, I, p. 3 .
3. Contribution and grants for aided special agreement schools, I, p. 3.
4 , and schedule. Repeals, I, pp. 3, 5.
5. Citation interpretation, commencement and extent, I, p. 4.
Schedule, I, p. 5.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES. See SEX DISCRIMINATION ACT ( c. 65, s. 15(1)) .
EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION ACT : c. 71... ... III, p. 2105
PART I
MACHINERY FOR PROMOTING THE IMPROVEMENT OF INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service, etc.
1, and schedule 1. Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service, III, pp. 2106,
2218.
2. Conciliation, III, p. 2106.
3. Arbitration, III, p. 2106.
4. Advice, III, p. 2107.
ccclxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
andMeasures
EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION ACT-continued
5. Inquiry, III, p. 2108.
6. Codes of Practice, III, p. 2108.
7, and schedule 1. Certification Officer, III, pp. 2109, 2218.
8. Certification as independent trade union, III, p. 2110.
9. Custody of documents, III, p. 2112.
10, and schedule 1. Central Arbitration Committee, III , pp. 2112, 2218.
Recognition oftrade unions
11. Reference of recognition issue to Service, III, p. 2113.
12. Inquiry and report on recognition issue, III , p. 2113.
13. Application for variation or revocation of recommendation, III, p. 2114.
14. Inquiries under sections 12 and 13, III , p. 2115.
15. Complaint of failure to comply with recommendation, III , p. 2116.
16. Application arising from failure to comply with recommendation, III, р. 2117.
Disclosure of information
17. General duty of employers to disclose information, III, p. 2118.
18. Restrictions on general duty under section 17, III, р. 2119.
19. Complaint of failure to disclose information, III, p. 2120.
20. Further complaint arising from failure to disclose information, III, р. 2121 .
21. Determination of claim and award, III, p. 2122.
PART II
RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES
Guarantee payments
22. Right to guarantee payment, III , p. 2123.
23. General exclusions from right under section 22, III , p. 2124.
24. Calculation of guarantee payment, III, p. 2124.
25. Limits on amount of and entitlement to guarantee payment, I, p. 2125.
26. Supplementary, III, p. 2126.
27. Complaint to industrial tribunal, III, p. 2127.
28. Exemption orders, III, p. 2127.
Suspension on medical grounds
29, and schedule 2. Right to remuneration on suspension on medical grounds, III ,
pp . 2129, 2225.
30. 31. 32. 33. General exclusions from right under section 29, III, p. 2129.
Calculation of remuneration, III , p. 2130.
Complaint to industrial tribunal, III , p. 2130.
Dismissal of replacement, III , p. 2131 .
Maternity
34. Dismissal on grounds of pregnancy, III , p. 2131 .
35. Rights of employee in connection with pregnancy and confinement, III, p. 2132.
36. Maternity pay, III, p. 2133 .
37. Calculation of maternity pay, III, p . 2134.
38. Complaint to industrial tribunal of failure to pay maternity pay, III, p. 2135.
39. Maternity Pay Fund, III, p. 2135.
40. Financing of Maternity Pay Fund, III, p. 2136.
41. Advances out of National Loans Fund, III, p. 2136.
42. Maternity pay rebate, III, p. 2137.
43. Payments to employees out of Maternity Pay Fund, I, p. 2137.
44. Unreasonable default by employer, III, p. 2138.
45. Supplementary provisions in relation to employer's insolvency, III, p. 2138.
46. Complaint and appeals to industrial tribunal, III , p. 2138 .
47. Provisions as to information, III, p. 2140.
48. Right to return to work, III, p. 2140.
49. Exercise of right to return, III, p. 2141 .
50, and schedule 3. Failure to permit to return treated as dismissal, III, pp. 2143 ,
2225 .
51. Dismissal of replacement, III, p. 2143.
52. Interpretation of sections 35 to 51, III, p. 2144.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxv
EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION ACT-continued
Trade union membership and activities
53. Trade union membership and activities, III, p. 2144.
54. Complaint to industrial tribunal, III, p. 2146.
55. Supplementary, III, p. 2146.
56. Assessment of compensation on complaint under section 54, III, p. 2147.
Time offwork
57. 58. 59. 60. 61. 62. Time off for carrying out trade union duties , III, p. 2148.
Time off for trade union activities, III, p. 2149.
Time off for public duties , III , p. 2150.
Provisions as to industrial tribunals, III, p. 2152.
Time off to look for work or make arrangements for training, III, p. 2152.
Provisions supplementary to sections 57 to 61 , III, p. 2154.
Insolvency
63. Priority of certain debts on insolvency, III, p. 2154.
64. Employee's rights on insolvency of employer, III, p. 2155.
65. Payment of unpaid contributions to occupational pension scheme, III , p. 2157.
66. Complaint to industrial tribunal, III, p. 2159.
67. Transfer to the Secretary of State of rights and remedies, III , p. 2159.
68. Power ofSecretary of State to obtain information in connection with applications,
69. III, p. 2160.
Interpretation of sections 64 to 68 , III, p. 2161 .
Written statement ofreasonsfor dismissal
70. Written statement of reasons for dismissal, III, p. 2162.
Remedies for unfair dismissal
71. 72. 73. 74. 75. 76. 77. 78. 79. 80. Order for reinstatement or re-engagement, III, p. 2163 .
Enforcement of section 71 order and compensation, III, p. 2166.
Compensation for unfair dismissal, III, p. 2167.
Calculation of basic award, III, p. 2167.
Provisions supplementary to section 74 , III, p. 2169.
Calculation of compensatory award, III , p. 2170.
Compensation for act which is both sex discrimination and unfair dismissal ,
III, p. 2171 .
Interim relief pending determination ofcomplaint of unfair dismissal, III, p. 2172.
Orders for continuation of contract of employment, III, p. 2174.
Supplementary provisions as to interim relief , III, p. 2175.
Itemised pay statement
81. Right to itemised pay statement, III, p. 2176.
82. Standing statement of fixed deductions , III, p. 2176.
83. Supplementary, III, p. 2177.
84. Reference to industrial tribunal, III, p. 2177.
Normal working hours and a week's pay
85, and schedules 4, 5. Calculation of normal working hours and a week's pay, III,
pp . 2178 , 2228.
86. Review of limits, III, p. 2179.
Employment Appeal Tribunal
87 , and schedule 6. Establishment and membership of Employment Appeal Tribunal,
III, pp . 2180, 2234.
88. Appeals from industrial tribunals and Certification Officer, III , p. 2180.
PART III
REGULATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT
Wages councils andstatutory joint industrial councils
89, and schedule 7. Amendments of Wages Councils Act 1959, III, pp. 2181 , 2238.
90, and schedule 8. Conversion of wages councils to statutory joint industrial
councils, III, pp. 2182, 2247.
ccclxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION ACT-continued
91. Functions of statutory joint industrial councils, III, p. 2182.
92. Disputes between employers' and workers' representatives, III, p. 2183.
93. Abolition of statutory joint industrial councils, III , p. 2183.
94. Supplementary, III , p. 2184.
95. Power to obtain information, III, p. 2184.
96. Duty of the Service to report on machinery for regulating remuneration and
terms and conditions of employment, III, p. 2184.
Powers ofAgricultural Wages Boards
97, and schedules 9, 10. Amendments of Agricultural Wages Acts, III, pp . 2185, 2249.
Extension ofterms and conditions
98, and schedule 11. Extension of terms and conditions, III, pp. 2185,12258.
PART IV
PROCEDURE FOR HANDLING REDUNDANCIES
99. Duty of employer to consult trade union representatives on redundancy, III .
p. 2186.
100. Duty of employer to notify Secretary of State of certain redundancies, III,
p. 2187.
101. Complaint by trade union and protective award, III, p. 2188.
102. Entitlement under protective award, III, p. 2189.
103. Complaint by employee to industrial tribunal, III, p. 2191.
104. Reduction of rebate on failure to notify redundancies, III, p. 2192.
105. Offence and proceedings, III, p. 2193 .
106. Supplementary, III, p. 2193.
107. Power to adapt foregoing provisions in case of collective agreements on redun-
dancies, III , p. 2194.
PARTV
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
108. General provisions as to industrial tribunals and conciliation officers , III, p. 2195.
109. Power to confer jurisdiction on industrial tribunals in respect of damages, etc. ,
for breach of contract of employment, III , p. 2196.
110, and schedule 12. Death of employee or employer, III, pp. 2198, 2262.
111. Disentitlement to unemployment benefit and supplementary benefit during trade
dispute, III, p. 2198 .
112. Entitlement to unemployment benefit and recoupment of that benefit and supple-
mentary benefit, III, p. 2198.
113. Payments which are to be treated as earnings for social security purposes, III ,
p. 2201 .
114, and schedule 13. Amendments of the Employment Agencies Act 1973, III ,
pp. 2201 , 2264.
115, and schedule 14. Amendments of the Employment and Training Act 1973, III ,
pp. 2201 , 2266.
116, and schedule 15. Amendments of the Health and Safety at Work, Etc. , Act
1974, III, pp . 2201 , 2268.
117. 118. Offences by bodies corporate, III, p. 2201 .
Restrictions on contracting out, III, p. 2202.
119. Excluded classes of employment, III, p. 2202.
120. Transfers to and from Crown employment, III, p. 2205.
121. Application to Crown, III , p. 2207.
122. Application of employment legislation to House of Commons staff, III, p. 2209.
123. Orders, rules and regulations , III, p. 2211 .
124. Financial provisions , III, p. 2211 .
125, and schedules 16 , 17, 18. Minor and consequential amendments, transitional
provisions and repeals, III, pp. 2212, 2271.
126. Interpretation, III, p. 2212.
127. Power to extend employment legislation, III , p. 2214.
128. Northern Ireland, III, p. 2216.
129. Short title, commencement and extent, III, p. 2217 .
Index to the Public General Acts andMeasures
ccclxxvii
EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION ACT -continued
Schedule 1. Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service, etc. , III, p. 2218.
Part I. Constitution, etc., of Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration
Part II. Central Arbitration Committee, III , p. 2221 .
Service and its Council, III, p. 2218.
Part III. Supplementary provisions , III, p. 2223 .
Schedule 2. Provisions leading to suspension on medical grounds, III, p . 2225 .
Schedule 3. Supplementary provisions as to maternity, III, p. 2225.
Schedule 4. Calculation of normal working hours and a week's pay, III, p. 2228 .
Part I. Normal working hours, III , p. 2228.
Part II. A week's pay, III , р. 2229.
Schedule 5. Schedule 2 to the Contract of Employment Act 1972, as substituted,
III, p. 2232.
Schedule 6. Employment Appeal Tribunal, III, p. 2234.
Part I. Provisions as to membership, sittings, proceedings and powers,
III, p. 2234.
Part II. Supplementary, III, p. 2237.
Schedule 7. Amendments of Wages Councils Act 1959, III, p. 2238.
Part I. Section 11, as substituted, III, p. 2238.
Part II. Section 12, as substituted, III, p. 2240.
Part III. Schedule 2, as substituted, III, p. 2242.
PartIV. Minor and consequential amendments, III, p. 2244 .
Schedule 8 . Statutory joint industrial councils , III , p. 2247.
Part I. Constitution, etc., III, p. 2247.
Part II . Transitional provisions, III, p. 2249.
Schedule 9. Amendments of Agricultural Wages Act 1948, III, p. 2249.
Part I. Section 3, as substituted, III, p. 2249.
Part II . Minor and consequential amendments, III, p. 2251 .
Schedule 10. Amendments of Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act 1949, III, p. 2253.
Part I. Section 3, as substituted, III . p. 2253 .
Part II.
Minor and consequential amendments, III, p. 2255.
Schedule 11. Extension Part I.
of terms and conditions, III, p. 2258.
Recognised terms and conditions and general level of terms
Part II .
and conditions, III, p. 2258.
Collectively negotiated terms and conditions in certain
industries , III, p. 2261 .
Schedule 12. Death of employee or employer, III, p. 2262.
Part I. General, III, p . 2262.
Part II . Unfair Dismissal, III, p. 2263 .
Schedule 13. Amendments of Employment Agencies Act 1973, III , p. 2264.
Schedule 14.
Amendments of Employment and Training Act 1973, III, p. 2266.
Schedule 15.
Amendments of Health and Safety at Work, etc. , Act 1974, III, p. 2268.
Schedule 16. Part I.
Minor and consequential amendments, III , p. 2271 .
Redundancy Payments Act 1965, III , p. 2271 .
Part II .
Contracts of Employment Act 1972, III , p. 2284.
Part III .
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974, III , p. 2289.
Part IV.
Miscellaneous amendments, III, p. 2297.
Schedule 17. Transitional provisions , III, p. 2303 .
Schedule 18. Enactments repealed, III, p. 2307.
EVIDENCE.
provisions under- Arbitration Act (c. 3, s. 4 )... ... ... I, p. 6
EVIDENCE (PROCEEDINGS IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS ) ACT: c. 34 II, p. 1253...
Evidence for civil proceedings
§ 1. andschedules 1 , 2. Application to United Kingdom court for assistance in obtaining
evidence for civil proceedings in other court, II, pp . 1253, 1259 .
2. Power of United Kingdom court to give effect to application for assistance, II,
p. 1254.
3. Privilege of witnesses, II, p. 1255.
4. Extention of powers of High Court, etc. , in relation to obtaining evidence for
proceedings in that court, II, р. 1256.
ccclxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
EVIDENCE (PROCEEDINGS IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS) ACT -continued
Evidence for criminal proceedings
5. Power of United Kingdom court to assist in obtaining evidence for criminal
proceedings in overseas court, II, p. 1256.
Evidencefor international proceedings
6. Power of United Kingdom court to assist in obtaining evidence for international
proceedings , II, p. 1256.
Supplementary
7.
Rules of court, II, p. 1257.
8. Consequential amendments and repeals, II, p. 1257.
9. Interpretation, II, p. 1258.
10. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1258.
Schedule 1. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1259.
Schedule 2. Repeals, II, p. 1261 .
EXPORT GUARANTEES AMENDMENT Аст: с. 19... ... ... I, p. 730
§ 1. Loans and interest grants in connection with export contracts, I, p. 730.
2. Acquisition of securities, I, p. 731 .
3. Payments to exporters in respect of cost increases, I, p. 731 .
4. Limit on commitments, I, p. 732.
5. Returns, I, p. 732.
6, and schedule. Short title, citation and supplementary provisions, I, pp. 733, 734.
Schedule, I, p. 734.
EXPORT GUARANTEES Aст: с. 38...
... II, p. 1305
§ 1. Export guarantees, IП, р. 1305.
2. Guarantees and other arrangements in national interest, II, p. 1306.
3. Loans and interest grants, II, p. 1306.
4. Securities, II, p. 1306.
5. Payments to exporters in respect of cost increases, II , p. 1307.
6. Limit on commitments, II, p. 1307.
7. Returns, II, p. 1308.
8. Controlled companies, II, p. 1308.
9. The Export Credits Guarantee Department and the Export Guarantees Advisory
Council, II , p. 1309.
10. Expenses, and receipts , II, p. 1309.
11. Interpretation, II, p. 1309.
12. Short title, repeals and commencement, II, p. 1310.
F
FARRIERS (REGISTRATION ) ACт: с. 35
...
... ... ... II , p. 1263
§ 1. Functions of Farriers Company, II , p. 1263 .
2. and schedule 1. Farriers Registration Council, II , pp. 1263 , 1274.
3. Register of farriers, II, р. 1264.
4. Rules with respect to register, II, p. 1264.
5. Fraudulent entries in the register, II, p. 1265.
6. Removal of names from register, II, p. 1265.
7. Qualifications for registration, II, p. 1265 .
8. The Company's Register, II , p. 1267.
9. Determination of questions as to qualifications, II, p. 1267.
10.
Certificate ofregistration , et etc., II, p. 1267.
11. Approval of courses, qualifications and institutions, II, p. 1267.
12. Supervision of approved institutions and examinations, II, p. 1268 .
13. and schedule 2. The Investigating Committee, II , pp. 1268, 1276.
14. and schedule 3. Removal of names from register, II , p. 1269, 1277.
15. Removal of names from register, II, p. 1269.
16. Offences by unregistered persons , II, p. 1270.
17. Service of documents, II , p. 1272.
18. Interpretation, II, p. 1272.
19. Short title and commencement, II, p. 1279.
Schedule 1. The Farriers Registration Council, II, p. 1274 .
Schedule 2. Constitution of the Investigating Committee, II, p. 1276.
Schedule 3. The Disciplinary Committee, II, p. 1277.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxix
FINANCE Aст: с. 7... ... ... ... ... ... ... I, p. 63
PART I
VALUE ADDED TAX
§1. VAT: eight per cent. rate, I, p. 63 .
2. VAT: special rate for light hydrocarbon oil, etc., I, p. 64.
3. Relief for " do-it-yourself " builders, I, p. 64.
4 .
Refund to diplomatic missions, etc., of VAT on importation of hydrocarbon oil,
I, p. 65.
PART II
INCOME TAX AND CORPORATION TAX
5. Income tax: alteration of additional rates for 1974-75, I, p. 65.
6. Investment of pension funds in building societies, I, p. 66.
7. Early surrender or conversion of life policies, I, p. 66.
8. Surrender, etc., of policies after four years , I, p. 68.
9 , and schedule 1. Provisions supplementary to sections 7 and 8, I, pp. 69, 109.
10 , and schedule 2. Life policies, life annuities and capital redemption policies, I,
pp. 70, 110.
11. Extension of tax exemption for certain savings certificates , I, p. 70.
12. Statutory corporation borrowing in foreign currency, I, p. 70.
13. Initial allowances for industrial buildings and structures, etc., I, p. 70.
14. Expenditure on thermal insulation, I, p. 70.
15. Expenditure on fire safety, I, p. 71 .
16. Trade unions, I, p. 72.
17. Sales, etc. , at undervalue or overvalue, I, p. 72.
18, and schedule 3. Relief for increase in stock values in financial year 1973, I,
pp. 75, 120.
PART III
CAPITAL TRANSFER TAX
Main charging provisions
19 , and schedule 4.
Capital transfer tax, I, pp. 78, 123 .
20. Transfers and chargeable transfers , I, p. 78.
21, and schedule 5. Settled property, I, pp. 79, 145 .
22. Transfer on death, I, p. 80.
Meaning of estate and excludedproperty
23. Meaning of estate, I, p. 82.
24. Excluded property, I, p. 82.
Liability for tax
25. 26. 27. 28. Liability for tax, I, p. 83 .
Exceptions from liability, I, p. 85.
Limitation of liability, I, p. 85.
Burden of tax, I, p. 87.
Reliefs and relatedprovisions
Exempt transfers and miscellaneous exemptions and reliefs,
29, and schedules 6, 7. I, pp. 88, 164.
30. Relief for successive charges , I, p. 88.
31. Conditional exemption for certain objects on death, I, p. 89.
32. Charge on failure of condition of exemption, I, p. 89.
33. Amount and effect of charge under section 32, I, p. 90.
34. Conditional exemption for certain buildings , etc. , on death, I, p. 91 .
35, and schedule 8. Relief , in certain circumstances, for agricultural property, I,
pp. 94, 180.
36 , and schedule 9. Relief for woodlands, I, pp. 94 , 186.
Rate oftax and valuation
37. Rate of tax, I, p. 94.
38, and schedule 10. Valuation, I, pp. 96, 189.
ccclxxx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
FINANCE ( NO. 2) Аст -continued
Other charges
39. Close companies, I, p. 96.
40. Tax chargeable in certain cases of future payments, etc. , I, p. 98.
41 . Free loans, etc. , I, p. 98.
42 . Annuity purchased in conjunction with life policy, I, p. 99.
Miscellaneous
43. Chargeable transfers affecting more than one property, I, p. 99.
44. Associated operations, I, p. 100.
45. Persons treated as domiciled in the United Kingdom, I, p. 100.
46. Dispositions for maintenance of family, I , p. 101 .
47. Deeds of family arrangement, etc. , I, p. 102.
Estate duty and obsolete death duties
48. Interest on repayment of estate duty and on instalments of duty, I , p. 103 .
49, and schedules 8, 11. Abolition of estate duty and transitional provisions, I,
pp. 104, 180 , 200.
50. Final abolition of obsolete death duties, I, p. 104.
Supplemental
51. Interpretation of rt III, I, p. 105.
52 , and schedule 12. Consequential amendments and repeals, I, pp. 106, 202.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
53. Recipient bodies referred to in Finance Act 1972, section 119, I, p. 106.
54. 55. Appeals on questions of value of unquoted shares or ofsecurities, I, p. 107.
Local loans, I, p. 107.
56. Signature of certain requisitions and requests of the Treasury, I, p. 107.
57. Appointment of General Commissioners in Scotland, and amendment of
declaration to be made by certain officers, I, p. 107.
8. Amendments of Vehicles ( Excise) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1972, I, p. 108.
59, and schedule 13. Citation, interpretation, construction and repeals, I, pp. 108,
209.
Schedule 1 .
Collection of sums payable under section 7 or 8, I, p. 109.
Schedule 2.
Life policies, life annuities and capital redemption policies, I, p. 110.
Schedule 3 .
Increase in stock values : supplementary provisions, I, p . 120.
Schedule 4.
Administration and collection of capital transfer tax, I, p. 123.
Schedule 5. Settled property, I, p. 145.
Schedule 6. Exempt transfers, I, p. 164.
Schedule 7. Miscellaneous exemptions and reliefs, I, p. 174.
Schedule 8. Relief for agricultural property, I, p. 180.
Schedule 9. Relief for woodlands, I, p. 186.
Schedule 10. Valuation, I, p. 189.
Schedule 11. Amendment of estate duty enactments, I, p. 200.
Schedule 12. Consequential amendments, I, p. 202.
Schedule 13. Repeals, I, p. 209.
FINANCE (NO. 2 ) Аст: с. 45...
... II, p. 1389
PART I
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE
Miscellaneous
§ 1. Increase of duties on spirits, beer, wine, British wine and tobacco, II, p. 1389.
2. Gaming licence duty, II, p. 1391 .
3. Bingo duty, II, p. 1392.
4. Gaming machine licence duties, II, p. 1392.
5, and schedule 1. Vehicles excise duty: Great Britain, II, pp. 1393, 1463 .
6 , and schedule 2. Vehicles excise duty: Northern Ireland, II, pp. 1394, 1467.
7. Continuation of powers under Finance Act 1961 , section 9, II, p. 1394.
Index to the Public General Acts andMeasures
ccclxxxi
FINANCE ( NO. 2 ) Act -continued
Conversion ofrevenue duties and related provisions taking effect on 1st January 1976
8, and schedule 3. Conversion of certain revenue duties and amendment of customs
and excise and other Acts in connection therewith, II, pp. 1395, 1471 .
9. Spirits, II, p. 1395.
10. Beer, II, p. 1396.
11. Hydrocarbon oil, II, p. 1396.
12. Matches, II , p. 1396.
13. Mechanical lighters , II, p. 1397.
14, and schedule 4.
Wine, II, pp. 1397, 1477.
15, and schedule 5. Made-wine, II, pp. 1398, 1478.
16, and schedule 6.
1478. Regulation of warehouses and warehoused goods, II, pp. 1399,
PART II
VALUE ADDED TAX AND CAR TAX
17, and schedule 7. VAT: higher rate, II , pp. 1401, 1479.
18. VAT: conversion of certain goods, II, p. 1401.
19. VAT: time of supply, II, p. 1403.
20. VAT: power to alter rates, II, p. 1404.
21. VAT: gaming machines, II, p. 1404.
22. Car tax on caravans, II, p. 1405.
23. Repayment of car tax on exported vehicles, II, p. 1405.
24. Car tax: converted and adapted vehicles, II, p. 1406.
PART III
INCOME TAX, CORPORATION TAX AND CAPITAL GAINS TAX
CHAPTER I
GENERAL
25. Charge of income tax for 1975-76, II , p. 1407.
26. Charge of corporation tax for financial year 1974, II , p. 1407.
27. Corporation tax: other rates and fractions, II, p. 1407.
28. Rate of advance corporation tax for financial year 1975, II, p. 1408.
29. Relief for interest: limit for 1975-76, II, p. 1408.
30. Alteration of personal reliefs, II, p. 1408.
31. Age allowance, II, p. 1408.
32. Interim benefit for unmarried or separated parents with children, II, p. 1409.
33. Exemption of non-contributory invalidity pension, II , p. 1409.
34, and schedule 8. Stock dividends, II, pp. 1409, 1486.
35. Benefits in kind: insurance against cost of medical treatment, II, p. 1413.
36. Benefits in kind : vouchers other than cash vouchers, II, p. 1414.
37. Benefits in kind: cash vouchers to be taxed under P.A.Y.E. , II, p. 1415.
38. Workers supplied by agencies , II, p. 1416.
39. Increase in deductions to be made from payments to sub-contractors in the
construction industry, II, p. 1419.
40. Amendment of Finance Act 1975, Schedule 2, paragraph 19, II, p. 1419.
41. Securities bought with borrowed money, II, p. 1419.
42. Insurance companies : effect for tax purposes of identification or exchange of
long term assets, II, p. 1420.
43. Oil: restriction on carrying forward of losses incurred before the end of 1972,
II, p. 1423.
44. Payment of tax: general, II, p. 1425.
45. Payment of tax pending appeal, II , p. 1426.
46. Interest on unpaid tax, II, p. 1430.
47. Repayment supplement in respect of delayed repayments of certain taxes to
persons other than companies, II, p. 1434.
48. Repayment supplement in respect of delayed repayments of certain taxes to
companies, II, p. 1436.
49. Expenditure on safety at sports grounds, II, p. 1438.
50. Certificates of deposit: exemption for pension funds and charities , II, p. 1439.
51. Exemption for trade unions, II, pp. 1439.
52, and schedule 9. Exemption for registered friendly societies, II, p. 1439, 1490.
ccclxxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
FINANCE (NO. 2 ) Аст-continued
53. Employers' associations, II, p. 1441.
54 , and schedule 10. Relieffor increase in value of trading stock and work in progress,
II, pp. 1441, 1491 .
55. Relief from tax on chargeable gains in respect of agricultural property, etc. , II,
p. 1441.
56. Exemption from tax on chargeable gains in respect of historic houses, etc. , II,
p. 1443.
57. Postponement of payment of tax on chargeable gains, II, p. 1445.
58. Disposal of shares and securities within prescribed period of acquisition, II,
p. 1446.
59. Losses on disposals of gilt-edged securities replaced within prescribed period,
II, p. 1448.
60. Disallowance of losses on certain disposals, II, p. 1449.
61. Disposal of rights of insured under insurance policy, II, p. 1450.
62. Capital gains on certain stock dividends, II, p. 1450.
63. Disposals of shares in unit trusts, investment trusts and funds in court, II, p. 1450.
64. Reduced rate of capital gains tax for certain unit trusts and for funds in court ,
II, p. 1451 .
65, and schedule 11. Double taxation agreement with Republic of Ireland, II,
pp. 1451 , 1499.
66. Assignment of proceedings to Commissioners, II, p. 1451.
67. Appeals, II, p. 1452.
CHAPTER II
SUB-CONTRACTORS IN THE CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY
68. Introductory, II, p. 1452.
69. Deductions on account of tax, etc., from payments to certain sub- contractors in
construction industry, II, p. 1453.
70, and schedule 12. Exceptions from section 69, II, pp. 1455, 1500.
71, and schedule 13. Interpretation of Chapter II, II, pp. 1459, 1505.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
72. Extension of Finance Act 1973 section 50 to stamp duties in Northern Ireland,
ІП, р. 1460.
73. Government stock held by minors, II, p. 1461 .
74. Use of trustee savings banks by solicitors for clients' money, etc., II, p. 1462.
75, and schedule 14. Citation, interpretation, construction and repeals, II, pp. 1462,
1506.
Schedule 1. Provisions substituted in Vehicles (Excise ) Act 1971 , II, p. 1463.
Schedule 2. Provisions substituted in Vehicles (Excise ) Act (Northern Ireland) 1972,
II, p. 1467.
Schedule 3. Revenue duties : amendments of customs and excise and other Acts,
II, p. 1471 .
Schedule 4. Wine: rates of duty, II, p. 1477.
Schedule 5. Made-wine: rates of duty, II, p. 1478.
Schedule 6. Amendments of customs and excise Acts about warehousing of goods,
II, 1478.
Schedule 7. VAT: higher rate, II, p. 1479.
Schedule 8 .
Stock dividends : supplementary provisions, II, p. 1486.
Schedule 9.
Amendments of enactments relating to friendly societies , II, p. 1490.
Schedule 10.
Relief for increase in value of trading stock and work in progress, II,
p. 1491.
Schedule 11 .
Schedule 12 . Double Taxation Agreement with Republic of Ireland, II, p. 1499.
Sub-contractors in the construction industry : conditions of issue of
certificates , II, p. 1500.
Schedule 13 . Construction operations, II , р. 1505.
Schedule 14. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1506.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
G
ccclxxxiii
GENERAL RATE ACT: c. 5... ...
...
§ 1. Postponement of new valuation lists, I, p. 15.
2. Short title and extent, I, p. 15.
...
...
I, p. 15
GUARD DOGS ACT: c. 50... ...
... ... .. ... II, p. 1538
§ 1. Control of guard dogs, II, p. 1538.
2. Restriction onkeeping guarddo dogswithout a licence, II, p. 1539 .
3. Guard dog Kennel licences, II, p. 1539.
4. Appeals, II , p, 1539 .
5. Offences, penalties and civil liability, II, p. 1540.
6. Regulations, II, p. 1540.
7. Interpretation, II , p. 1540.
8. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1541 .
H
HEARING AID COUNCIL (EXTENSION ) ACT: с. 39... ... ... II, p. 1311
§ 1. 2. Extension of Hearing Aid Council Act 1968 to Northern Ireland, II, p. 1311 .
Short title, commencement, repeal, etc., II, p. 1312.
HOUSE OF COMMONS DISQUALIFICATION ACT: c. 24... ... II, p. 1079
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Disqualification of holders of certain offices and places, II,
pp. 1079, 1085.
2 , and schedule 2. Ministerial offices, II, pp. 1080, 1096.
3. Reserve and auxiliary forces, etc. , II, p. 1080.
4, and schedule 1. Stewardship of Chiltern Hundreds, etc. , II, pp. 1081, 1085.
5, and schedule 1. Power to amend Schedule 1, II, pp. 1081 , 1085.
6. Effects of disqualification and provision for relief , II, p. 1081 .
7. Jurisdiction of Privy Council as to disqualification, II, p. 1082.
8. Relaxation of obligation to accept office, II, p. 1083.
9. Interpretation, II , p. 1083 .
10, and schedule 3. Consequential amendment, repeals and saving, II, pp. 1084, 1097.
11. Short title and extent, II, p. 1084.
Schedule 1. Offices disqualifying for membership, II, p. 1085.
Part I. Judicial offices, II , p. 1085.
Part II.
Bodies of which all members are disqualified, II, p. 1085.
Part III .
Other disqualifying offices, II, p. 1089.
Part IV.
Offices disqualifying for particular constituencies, II, p. 1096.
Schedule 2. Ministerial offices , II, p. 1096.
Schedule 3. Repeals, II, p. 1097.
HOUSING FINANCE (SPECIAL PROVISIONS) Aст: с. 67
General
§ 1. Surcharges arising out of Housing Finance Act 1972, III, p. 1983 .
2. Recovery of certified amounts, III, p. 1984.
3. Power to charge rates, III, p. 1985.
Supplementary
4. Calculation for the purposes of transition subsidy, III, p. 1986.
5. Accounts, III, p. 1986.
6. Rates - supplementary, III, p. 1986.
7. Interpretation , III,p. 1987.
8. Citation , etc., III, p. 1988.
... ... III, p. 1983
ccclxxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
HOUSING RENTS AND SUBSIDIES ACT: с. 6 ...
... ... I, p. 17
Rents in public sector
§ 1. Rents for public sector dwellings, I, p. 17.
Subsidy
2 , and schedule 1. Housing subsidy, I, pp. 18, 31 .
3. Modified rent rebate subsidy, I, p. 18.
4. Expanding towns subsidy, I, p. 19.
5. Transitional town development subsidy, I, p. 19.
6. Eligibility for housing association grant and revenue deficit grant, I, p. 20.
Private sector rents and tenancies
7, and schedule 2.
Phasing of rent increases for private sector housing, I, pp. 20, 40.
8, and schedule 3.
Certain amenities to be disregarded in determining fair rent, I,
pp.
21, 43.
9. Termination of decontrol of tenancies by reference to rateable value, I, p. 22.
10, and schedule 4. Increases of rent under controlled tenancy permitted towards
costs of repairs, I, pp. 22, 45.
Rent -general power
11. Reserve power to limit rents, I, p. 24.
Miscellaneous
12. 13. Extension of Part II of Housing Finance Act 1972 to almspeople, I, p. 26.
Abolition of Central Housing Advisory Committee, I, p. 27.
Supplementary
14. Finance, I, p. 27.
15. Orders etc., I, p. 27.
16. Interpretation, I, p. 27.
17, and schedules 1, 5, 6. Citation etc., I, pp. 29, 31, 46.
Schedule 1. Rents and subsidies, I, p. 31 .
Part I. Subsidy, I, p. 31.
Part II. Rent refunds, I, p. 37.
Part III . Provisions relating to certain housing associations, I, p. 39.
Schedule 2. Phasing of rent increases, I, p. 40.
Schedule 3 . Disregard of amenities, I, p. 43.
Schedule 4. Provisions supplementary to section 10, I, p. 45.
Schedule 5. Minor and consequential amendments, I, p. 46.
Schedule 6. Repeals and revocations , I, p. 60.
Part I. Public sector rents, I, p. 60.
Part II. Subsidies and Housing Revenue Account, I, p. 60.
Part III . Termination of decontrol, I, p. 61 .
Part IV. Miscellaneous Repeals, I, p. 61 .
Part V. Orders revoked, I, p. 62.
HOUSING RENTS AND SUBSIDIES (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 28... ... II, p. 1133
Public sector housing
§ 1 , and schedule 1. New system of rents for public sector housing, II, pp. 1133, 1144.
2. Limitation on increases in standard rents of individual houses, II, p. 1134.
3, and schedule 1. Amendments relating to housing subsidies, II, pp. 1134, 1144.
4. Transitional provisions relating to housing revenue account, II, p. 1135.
5. Agreements for exercise by housing co- operatives of local authority housing
functions , III, p. 1135.
6. Surplus funds of new town corporations, II, p. 1136.
Private sector housing
7, and schedule 2. Phasing of rent increases where rent for dwelling-house under
regulated tenancy is registered, II, pp. 1136, 1146.
8. Limitation of rent increases under rent agreement where no rent is registered for
dwelling-house under regulated tenancy, II, p. 1137.
9. Annual limit on private sector rent increases, II, p. 1139.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxxv
HOUSING RENTS AND SUBSIDIES (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
10. Termination of decontrol of controlled tenancy by reference to rateable value,
etc. , II, p. 1140.
11 . Increases of rent under controlled tenancy permitted towards cost of repairs,
II, p. 1140.
12. Eligibility for housing association grant and revenue deficit grant, II , p. 1142.
13. Continuation of right to recover excess rent, etc. , under Counter- Inflation
Orders, II, p. 1142.
Miscellaneous and general
14. Financial provisions, II, p. 1142.
15, and schedules 3, 4. Miscellaneous and consequential amendments and repeals,
II , pp. 1143, 1152.
16. Interpretation, II, p. 1143.
17. Citation, commencement and extent, II, p. 1143 .
Schedule 1. Miscellaneous and consequential amendments relating to housing
revenue account and housing subsidies, II, p. 1144.
Part I. Amendments relating to housing revenue account, II, p. 144.
Part II. Amendments relating to housing subsidies, II, p. 1144.
Schedule 2. Phasing of rent increases where rent for dwelling-house under regulated
tenancy is registered, II, p. 1146.
Part I. Phasing of rent increases, II, р. 1146.
Part II. Miscellaneous amendments relating to phasing of rent
increases , II , p. 1150.
Schedule 3. Miscellaneous and consequential amendments, II, p. 1152.
Schedule 4. Repeals, II, p. 1169 .
HYDROCARBON OIL, excise duty on. See FINANCE (NO. 2 ) ACT (с. 45 ) .
I
INCOME TAX. See BIOLOGICAL STANDARDS ACT ( c. 4, s. 2( 4)) ; FINANCE ACT
(c. 7, Pt. II, schs. 1-3); FINANCE (No. 2) Аст (с. 45, Pt. III, schs. 8-14) .
INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETIES ACT: c. 41... ... II, p. 1319
§ 1. 2. 3. Raising of limit on share of any one member, II, p. 1319.
Further alterations of limits, II, p. 1320.
Construction, citation, amendment, commencement and extent, II, p. 1320.
INDUSTRIAL INJURIES AND DISEASES (NORTHERN IRELAND OLD CASES ) ACT :
c. 17... ... ... ... ...
I, p. 673
§ 1. Continuation of workmen's compensation in certain cases , I , p . 673 .
2. Regulations to provide for supplementing workmen's compensation, I , p. 673 .
3. Provisions supplementary to section 2, I, p. 676.
4. Provisions as to the regulations, I, p. 677 .
5. Adjustment of benefit in certain cases , I, p. 679.
6. Offences, penalties, etc., I, p. 679.
7. Exemption from stamp duty, I, p. 680.
8. Reciprocal arrangements with Great Britain, I, p. 680.
9. Interpretation, I, p. 681 .
10. Citation, extent and commencement, I, p. 682.
INDUSTRIAL INJURIES AND DISEASES ( OLD CASES) ACT: с. 16
Continuation and supplementation ofworkmen's compensation
§ 1. Continuation of workmen's compensation in certain cases, I, p. 657.
2. Schemes for supplementing workmen's compensation, I p. 657.
3. Provisions supplementary to s. 2, I, p. 660.
I, p. 657
Part III
2S
ccclxxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
INDUSTRIAL INJURIES AND DISEASES ( OLD CASES ) ACT -continued
4. Provisions as to schemes under s. 2, I, p. 662.
Industrial diseases: benefit in respect ofpre-1948 employment
5. Industrial diseases benefit schemes I, p. 664.
6. 7. Restrictions on scope of schemes under s. 5, I, p. 665.
Nature and amount of benefit under s. 5, I, p. 666.
8. Ancillary provisions to s. 5, I, p. 667.
Administrative and other general provisions
9. Adjustment of benefit in certain cases, I, p. 669.
10. Penalties, etc. , I, p. 669.
11. Proof of age, death and marriage, I, p. 670.
12. Exemption from stamp duty, I, p. 670.
13. Reciprocal arrangements with Northern Ireland, I, p. 670.
14. Interpretation, I, p. 670.
15. Citation, extent and commencement, I, p. 672.
INDUSTRY Aст: с. 68... ... ... ... ... ... III, p. 1989
PART I
NATIONAL ENTERPRISE BOARD
Establishment ofBoard
§ 1 , and schedules 1, 2.
The National Enterprise Board, III, pp. 1989, 2022.
2. General purposes and functions , III, p. 1990.
3. Exercise by Board of powers to give selective financial assistance under Industry
Act 1972, III , p. 1991 .
4. Overseas aid, III , p. 1993 .
5. Transfer of publicly owned property to Board, III , p. 1994.
6. Financial duties of Board, III, p. 1995.
7. General power of Secretary of State to give Board directions, III, p. 1995 .
Limits on Board's powers
8. Financial limits, III , p. 1995.
9. The Board and the media, III, p. 1996.
10. Other limits on Board's powers, III, р. 1998.
PART II
POWERS IN RELATION TO TRANSFERS OF CONTROL OF IMPORTANT MANUFACTURING
UNDERTAKINGS TO NON-RESIDENTS
11. General extent of powers in relation to control of important manufacturing
undertakings, III, p. 1998 .
12. Meaning of " change of control ", III, p. 1998.
13. Power to make orders, III, p. 1999.
14. Notices to extend vesting orders to other holdings, III , p. 2001 .
15. Parliamentary control of orders, III , р. 2002.
16. Contents of vesting orders, III, p. 2003 .
17. Remedies for contravention of prohibition orders , III, p. 2004.
18. Territorial scope of orders, III , p. 2004.
19. Compensation orders , III , p. 2004.
20, and schedule 3. Arbitration of disputes relating to vesting and compensation
orders , III , pp. 2005, 2030.
PART III
PLANNING AGREEMENTS ETC.
Planning agreements
21. Financial assistance under Industry Act 1972 for bodies corporate which make
planning agreements, III, p. 2006.
Selective financial assistance
22, and schedule 4. Extension of powers to give selective financial assistance under
Industry Act 1972, III, pp. 2007, 2034.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxxvii
INDUSTRY ACT -continued
Shipbuilding
23. Increase in limit on credits, III, p. 2007.
24. Renewal of guarantees, III, p. 2007.
25. Grants to supplement interest, III, p. 2008.
26. Amendment of Development of Inventions Act 1967
Relaxation of requirements as to approval of activities of the National Research
Development Corporation, III , p. 2008.
PART IV
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Disclosure by Government
27, and schedule 5. Disclosure of information by Government, III, pp. 2008, 2038.
Disclosure by Companies
28. Persons to whom duty to disclose information applies, III, p. 2008.
29. Meaning of " representative " and " authorised representative ", III, p. 2011 .
30. Duty to give information to Minister, III, p. 2012.
31. Information for trade unions, III , p. 2013.
32, and schedule 6. Release from duty to disclose information to trade union, III,
pp . 2014, 2039.
33. Confidentiality, III, p. 2016.
34. Offences, III, p. 2017.
PARTV
GENERAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY
35. Expenses, III, p. 2018.
36. Service of documents, III , p. 2018.
37. Interpretation, III, p. 2019.
38, and schedule 8. Orders, III, pp. 2020, 2041 .
39, and schedule 7. Citation etc. , III, pp. 2020, 2041 .
Schedule 1. The National Enterprise Board, III, p. 2022.
Schedule 2. Financial and administrative provisions relating to Board, III, p. 2025.
Schedule 3. Arbitration, III , p. 2030.
Part I. General, III, p. 2030 .
Part II. Proceedings , III, p. 2032.
Schedule 4. Amendments to Part II of Industry Act 1972, III, р. 2034.
Part I. Amendments extending powers to give selective financial
assistance under Industry Act 1972, III, p. 2034.
Part II . Part II of Industry Act 1972 as amended by this Act, III,
p. 2035.
Schedule 5. Disclosure of information by Government, III, p. 2038.
Schedule 6. Advisory Committees, III , p. 2039 .
Schedule 7. Minor and consequential amendments of Industry Act 1972, III ,
p. 2041 .
Schedule 8. Repeals, III, p. 2041 .
INHERITANCE (PROVISION FOR FAMILY AND DEPENDANTS) Aст: с. 63 II, p. 1825
Powers ofcourt to order financial provisionfrom deceased's estate
§ 1. Application for financial provision from deceased's estate, II, p. 1825.
2. Powers of court to make orders, II, p. 1826.
3. Matters to which court is to have regard in exercising powers under s. 2, II,
p. 1828.
4. Time -limit for applications, II, p. 1830.
5. Interim orders, II, p. 1830.
6. 7. Variation, discharge etc. , of orders for periodical payments, II, p. 1831 .
Payment of lump sums by instalments, II, p. 1833 .
ccclxxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
INHERITANCE (PROVISION FOR FAMILY AND DEPENDANTS) Act -continued
Property availablefor financial provision
8. Property treated as part of " net estate ", II, p. 1833.
9. Property held on a joint tenancy, II, p. 1834.
Powers ofcourt in relation to transactions intended to defeat applications
forfinancial provision
10. Dispositions intended to defeat applications for financial provision, II, p. 1834.
11. Contracts to leave property by will, II, p. 1836.
12. Provisions supplementary to ss. 10 and 11, II, p. 1837.
13. Provisions as to trustees in relation to ss. 10 and 11, II, p. 1838 .
Special provisions relating to cases ofdivorce, separation etc.
14. 15. Provision as to cases where no financial relief was granted in divorce proceedings
Restriction imposed in divorce proceedings etc. on application under this Act,
etc. , II, p. 1840.
II , p. 1840.
16. Variation and discharge of secured periodical payments orders made under
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, II, p. 1841 .
17. Variation and revocation of maintenance agreements, II, p. 1841.
18. Availability of court's powers under this Act in applications under ss . 31 and 36
ofMatrimonial Causes Act 1973, II, p. 1842.
Miscellaneous and supplementary provisions
19. Effect, duration and form of orders , II, p. 1843.
20. Provisions as to personal representatives, II, p. 1843 .
21 . Admissibility as evidence of statements made by deceased, II, p. 1844.
22. Jurisdiction of county courts, II, p. 1844.
23. Determination of date on which representation was first taken out, II, p. 1845.
24. Effect of this Act on s. 46(1)(vi) of Administration of Estates Act 1925, II, p. 1845.
25. Interpretation, II, p. 1845.
26, and schedule. Consequential amendments, repeals and transitional provisions,
II , pp. 1847, 1849.
27. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1848.
Schedule. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1849.
INTERNATIONAL ROAD HAULAGE PERMITS ACT: с. 46... ... II, p. 1511
§ 1. Carriage on United Kingdom vehicles, and production of international road
haulage permits, II, p. 1511 .
2. Power to prohibit vehicle or trailer being taken out of the United Kingdom, II,
p. 1513.
3. Application of Transport Act 1968 and Road Traffic Act 1972 to international
road haulage permits, II, p. 1515.
4. Application of Transport Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1967 to international road
haulage permits , II, p. 1516.
5. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1516.
IRON AND STEEL ACT: с. 64 ... II, p. 1851
PART I
BRITISH STEEL CORPORATION AND PUBLICLY-OWNED COMPANIES
§ 1 , and schedule 1. British Steel Corporation, II, pp. 1851 , 1882.
2. General duty of the Corporation, II, p. 1852.
3. Powers of the Corporation, II, p. 1853 .
4. General powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the Corporation, II,
p. 1854.
5 , and schedule 2. Duty to review affairs and report to the Secretary of State, II,
pp. 1856, 1884.
6 , and schedule 3. Publication of prices , conditions of sale and other information,
II, pp. 1857, 1886.
7. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment, II, p. 1857 .
8, and schedule 4. Pension rights and compensation of employees, II, pp. 1859,
1887.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccclxxxix
IRON AND STEEL ACT-continued
9. Compulsory purchase of land, II, p. 1859.
10. Power to promote and oppose Bills, etc. , II, p. 1859.
11, and schedule 5. Provisions as to publicly- owned companies II, pp. 1860, 1890.
12. Transfer of property etc. and dissolution of publicly-owned companies, II,
p. 1860.
13. Taxation liability of Corporation, II , p. 1861 .
PART II
FINANCE
14. General financial duties of the Corporation, II, p. 1862.
15. General reserve, II, p . 1863.
16. Borrowing powers of the Corporation and publicly- owned companies, II , p. 1863.
17. Loans by the Secretary of State to the Corporation and release of liability for
repayment, II , p. 1865.
18. Other public investment in the Corporation, II , p . 1865.
19. Limit on borrowing by, and investment in, the Corporation, II, p. 1867.
20. Accounts of the Secretary of State, II, p. 1867.
21. Treasury guarantees , II, p. 1867.
22. Investment powers of the Corporation, II, p. 1868.
23. Corporation's financial year, II, p. 1868.
24. Accounts of the Corporation and audit, II, p. 1869 .
PART III
IRON AND STEEL ARBITRATION TRIBUNAL
25. Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal, II, p. 1871 .
26. Procedure and enforcement of orders , II , p. 1873 .
27. Transfer of proceedings between England and Scotland, II, p. 1874.
28. Staff and expenses of the arbitration tribunal, II, p. 1874.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
29, and schedule 3. Power of the Secretary of State to extend definition of iron
and steel activities, II, pp. 1875, 1886.
30. Consultation with respect to carbonisation development between the Corporation
and the National Coal Board, II, p. 1875.
31. Power of the Secretary of State to require information from iron and steel
producers, II, p. 1876.
producers ,
32. False information, II, p. 1876.
33. Restriction of disclosure of information, II , p. 1876.
34. Offences by bodies corporate, II, p. 1877.
35. Service of documents, II, p. 1878.
36. Regulations, orders and rules, II, p. 1878.
37, and schedule 3. Interpretation, II, pp. 1879, 1886.
38, and schedule 6. Transitional provisions, savings, amendment and repeals , II,
pp. 1881, 1893.
39. Short title, extent and commencement, II, p. 1881 .
Schedule 1. Provisions as to the Corporation, II, p. 1882.
Schedule 2. Information respecting classes of business , II, p. 1884.
Schedule 3. Iron and steel activities , II , p. 1886.
Schedule 4. Pension rights and compensation of employees, II , p. 1887.
Schedule 5. Constitution and proceedings of publicly- owned companies, II, p. 1890.
Schedule 6. Transitional provisions and savings , II, p. 1893.
Schedule 7. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1898.
cccxc Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
ISLE OF MAN. Application to, under-
Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act (c. 21 , s. 463( 2))
... I, p. 962
Malta Republic Act ( c. 31, s. 1 ( 2))
II, p . 1242
Evidence (Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act ( c. 34, s. 10(3))
Export Guarantees Act (c. 38 , s. 11 ( 2 ))
ISLES OF SCILLY. Application to, under-
Mental Health ( Amendment) Act (c. 29, s. 2( 4))
Referendum Act (c. 33, s. 2(5) )
..
Safety of Sports Grounds Act ( c. 52, s. 19( 4))
II, p. 1258
... ... ... II, p. 1310
... ... II, p. 1173
... ... II, p. 1250
... ...
II, p. 1599
LIMITATION ACT: c. 54
L
... .. ... ... ... II, p. 1603
Personal injuries
§ 1 .
$ 1 . 2 .
New time limits, II, p. 1603.
Persons under disability, II, p. 1608.
Supplemental
3. Transitional provisions, II , p. 1608.
4 , and schedules 1, 2. Citation, extent, repeals and commencement, II, pp. 1608,
1610.
Schedule 1. Consequential and minor amendments, II , p. 1610.
Schedule 2. Repeals, II, p. 1611.
LITIGANTS IN PERSON (COSTS AND EXPENSES ) ACT: c. 47
II, p. 1517
§ 1. Costs of expenses recoverable, II, p. 1517.
2. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1518.
LOCAL GOVERNMENT (SCOTLAND ) ACT: c. 30
II, p. 1175
PART I
FINANCE
Valuation
§ 1. The valuation roll and revaluation, II, p. 1175.
2. Alterations to valuation roll which is in force, II, p. 1177.
3. Provisions supplementary to sections 1 and 2, II, p. 1178.
4. Valuation appeal committees, II, p. 1179.
5. Valuation of public undertakings, II , p. 1181 .
6 , and schedule 1. Valuation by formula of certain lands and heritages, II, pp.
1183, 1207.
Rating
7. Levying of rates, II, p. 1184.
8. Payment of rates by instalments , II , p. 1184.
9. Restriction on rates payable when valuation appeal is pending, II, p. 1186.
10. Collection of rates by housing body on behalf of rating authority, II, p. 1186.
11. Assessment roll, II, p. 1187.
Grants
12, and schedule 2. Rate support grants, II, pp. 1188, 1208 .
13. Removal of limit on contributions to local authorities under Rural Water
Supplies and Sewerage Act 1944, II, p. 1188.
14. Termination of certain existing grants for roads and public transport, II, p.
1188.
15. Termination of existing grants to local authorities for certain other purposes ,
II, p. 1189.
Miscellaneous financial provisions
16 , and schedule 3. Borrowing and lending by local authorities and certain other
bodies and certain of their funds, II, pp. 1189, 1214.
17. Remuneration and expenses of members of Commission for Local Authority
18. Accounts, II, p. 1190.
Financial year of local authorities , II, p. 1190.
19. Amendment of section 201 of Act of 1947, II, p. 1190.
20. Classification of roads, II, p. 1190.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cccxci
LOCAL GOVERNMENT (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART II
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ADMINISTRATION
21, and schedule 4. Commissioner for Local Administration, II, pp. 1191, 1225.
22. Body to be designated by Secretary of State for purposes of Part II, II , p. 1192.
23. Authorities subject to investigation, II, p. 1192.
24 , and schedule 5. Matters subject to investigation, II, pp. 1193, 1226.
25. Provisions relating to complaints, II , p. 1195.
26. Procedure in respect of investigations, II , p. 1195.
27. Power of Commissioner to require information and other matters relating to
investigations, II , p. 1196.
28. Reports on investigations, II, p. 1197.
29. Reports on investigations : further provisions, II , p. 1198.
30. Law ofdefamation and limitation on disclosure of information by Commissioner,
II, p. 1199.
31. Consultation between Commissioner, the Parliamentary Commissioner and the
Health Service Commissioner, II, p. 1200.
32. Interpretation of Part II , II, p. 1201 .
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
33. Allowances for members of children's panels and Children's Panel Advisory
Committees, II, p. 1202.
34. Transference of social workers of Health Boards to local authority employment,
II, p. 1203.
35. Orders and regulations, II, p. 1204.
36. Expenses, II, p. 1205 .
37. General interpretation, II, p. 1205.
38, and schedules 6, 7. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals, II, pp .
1205, 1227.
39. Short title, commencement, construction, savings and extent, II, p. 1206.
Schedule 1. Lands and heritages to which section 6 applies, II, p. 1207.
Schedule 2.
Amendment of provisions of Local Government ( Scotland) Act 1966
Schedule 3.
relating to rate support grants, II, p. 1208.
Borrowing and lending by local authorities and certain other bodies
and certain of their funds, II, p. 1214.
Schedule 4. The Commissioner, II, p. 1225.
Schedule 5.
Schedule 6. Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1227.
Matters not subject to investigation, II, p. 1226.
Schedule 7. Repeals, II, p. 1239.
LOCAL LAND CHARGES ACT: c. 76... ... ... III, p. 2635
§ 1. 2. Definition of local land charges
Local land charges, III, p. 2635.
Matters which are not local land charges , III, p. 2636.
Local land charges registers, registration
and related matters
3. Registering authorities, local land charges registers, and indexes, III, p. 2637.
4. The appropriate local land charges register, III, p. 2638.
5. Registration, III, p. 2638.
6. Local authority's right to register a general charge against land in certain cir-
cumstances, III, p. 2639.
7. Effect of registering certain financial charges, III, p. 2640.
Searches
8. 9. Personal searches, III, p. 2640.
Official searches, III, p. 2640.
cccxcii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL LAND CHARGES ACT-continued
Compensationfor non-registration or
defective official search certificate
10. Compensation for non-registration or defective official search certificate, III ,
p. 2640.
11. Mortgages, trusts for sale and settled land, III, p. 2643 .
Miscellaneous and supplementary
12. Office copies as evidence, III , p. 2643.
13. Protection of solicitors, trustees etc., III, p. 2643.
14. Rules, III, p. 2644.
15. Expenses, III, p. 2644.
16. Interpretation, III, p. 2645.
17, and schedule 1. Amendments of other statutory provisions, III , pp. 2645, 2648 .
18. Power to amend local Acts, III, p. 2646.
19, and schedule 2. Repeals and transitional provisions, III, pp. 2646, 2657.
20. Short title etc., III, p. 2646.
Schedule 1. Consequential amendments, III, p. 2648.
Schedule 2. Repeals, III , p. 2657.
LOTTERIES ACT: c. 58... ... .. II, p. 1655
§ 1. Lotteries authorised by Act
Power of certain societies and of local authorities to promote lotteries, II, p. 1655 .
Societies ' Lotteries
2. Organisation and purposes of societies' lotteries, II, p. 1656.
Local lotteries
3. Local authority schemes , II, p. 1657.
4. Purposes of a local lottery, II, p. 1657.
5. Proceeds of local lotteries, II, p. 1658 .
Registration, accounts, etc.
6, and schedule 1. Registration of societies, II, pp. 1659, 1666.
7, and schedule 2. Registration of schemes, II, pp. 1659, 1668.
Rules for lotteries authorised by Act
8. Frequency of lotteries, II , p. 1659.
9. Rules for authorised lotteries, II, p. 1659.
10. Regulations, II, p. 1661 .
11. Orders and fees, II , p. 1662.
12. Offences, II, p. 1662.
Amendments of Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 and Gaming Act 1968
13. Increase in limits for certain small lotteries, II, p. 1663.
14. Increase in maximum prizes for certain lotteries and entertainments, II, p. 1663 .
15. Alteration of penalties for offences under Part III of the Betting, Gaming and
Lotteries Act 1963, II, p. 1664.
16. Interpretation, II, p. 1664.
17. Financial provisions, II , р. 1665.
18. Commencement of section 1, II, p. 1665.
19. Orders and regulations , II, p. 1665.
20, and schedules, 34. Citation, repeals etc., II, pp. 1665, 1669.
Schedule 1. Registration of societies , II, p. 1666.
Part I. Registration, II , p. 1666.
Part II. Returns, II, p. 1667.
Schedule 2. Registration of schemes by the Board, II, p. 1668.
Schedule 3. Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1669.
Schedule 4. Consolidation Amendments, II , p. 1670.
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1672.
Index to the Public General Acts andMeasures
cccxciii
M
MADE- WINE excise duty on. See FINANCE ( NO. 2 ) ACT (с. 45) .
MALTA REPUBLIC ACT : с. 31... ... §1 . Operation of existing law, II, p. 1242.
2. Short title, II, p. 1243.
II, p. 1242
MATCHES, excise duty on. See FINANCE ( No. 2 ) Аст ( с. 45 ).
MECHANICAL LIGHTERS, excise duty on. See FINANCE (No. 2) Аст ( с. 45 ).
MENTAL HEALTH (AMENDMENT ) ACT: c. 29
... ... II, p. 1171
§ 1. Continued detention of psychopathic and subnormal patients who are likely to
be dangerous, II, p. 1171 .
2. Short title, interpretation, commencement and extent, II, p. 1173.
MINISTERIAL AND OTHER SALARIES ACT: c. 27...
... II, p. 1127
§ 1, and schedules 1, 2. Salaries, II, pp. 1127, 1131 .
2. Opposition Leaders and Whips, II , p. 1128.
3. Provision for payment of salaries, II, p. 1128.
4. Interpretation, II, p. 1129.
5 , and schedule 3. Short title, transitional provision and repeals, II, pp. 1129, 1132 .
Schedule 1. Ministerial salaries, II, p. 1130.
Schedule 2. Opposition Leaders and Whips, II, p. 1131 .
Schedule 3. Repeals, II , p. 1132.
MINISTERS OF THE CROWN ACT: c. 26... ... II, p. 1119
§ 1. Power byOrder in Council to transfer functions of Ministers, II, p. 1119.
2. Changes in departments of office of Secretary of State, or in their functions, II,
p. 1121 .
3. Transfer of property etc. by or to Secretary of State, II, p. 1121.
4. Change of title of Ministers, II, p. 1122.
5. Supplementary provisions as to Orders, II, p. 1122.
6 , and schedule 1. Provisions applying to certain Ministers and their departments,
II, pp. 1121, 1130.
7 , and schedule 2. Functions of Minister of Overseas Development, II, pp. 1123,
1125.
8, and schedule 3. Interpretation, consequential amendment and repeals, II, pp.
1123, 1126.
9. Short title and extent, II, p. 1123.
Schedule 1. Provisions applying to certain Ministers and their departments, II,
p. 1124.
Schedule 2. Functions of Ministers of Overseas Development, II, p. 1125.
Schedule 3. Repeals, II, p. 1126.
MOBILE HOMES ACT: с. 49... ... II, p. 1527
§ 1. Duty to offer agreements, II, p. 1527.
2. Term of agreements etc. , II , p. 1528 .
3. Particulars to be contained in agreement, II, p. 1529.
4. Disputes, II, p. 1531 .
5. Agreements to bind successive owners, II, p. 1532.
6. Orders, II, р. 1533 .
7. Power to prescribe minimum standards, II, p. 1534.
8, and schedule. Extension of Act of 1968 to Scotland, II, pp. 1534, 1536.
9. Interpretation , II, p. 1534.
10. Short title, commencement and extent, II , p. 1535 .
Schedule, II, p. 1536.
Part III 2T
cccxciv Index to the Public General Acts
andMeasures
MONEYLENDERS (CROWN AGENTS) ACT: c. 81... ... ... III, p. 2794
§ 1. Moneylenders Acts not to apply to Crown Agents, etc., III, p. 2794.
2. Short title and repeal, II, p. 2795.
N
NATIONAL OIL ACCOUNT. See PETROLEUM AND SUBMARINE PIPE- LINES ACT
( c. 74, s. 40 ) .
NEW TOWNS ACT: c. 42... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1322
§ 1. Limit on borrowing by development corporations and Commission, II, p. 1322.
2. Pensions for chairmen of corporations, etc., II, p. 1323.
3. Short title, repeals and extent, II, p. 1324.
NORTHERN IRELAND. (See also INDUSTRIAL INJURIES AND DISEASES (NORTHERN
IRELAND OLD CASES) ACT (c. 16 ) ; NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY DIS-
QUALIFICATION ACT ( c. 24) ; NORTHERN IRELAND (EMERGENCY PROVISIONS)
( AMENDMENT) ACT ( c. 62); NORTHERN IRELAND (LOANS) ACT (c. 83) ; SOCIAL
SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND) ACT ( c. 15)).
Application to, under-
AirTravel Reserve Fund Act ( c. 36, s. 8( 2 ))... ... II, p. 1288
Arbitration Act (c. 3, s. 8( 4 ))... ... ... ... ... I, p. 9
Biological Standards Act (c. 4, s. 9( 3))... I , p. 13
Children Act (c. 72, s . 109(2))... ... ... ... III, p. 2396
Criminal Jurisdiction Act ( c. 59, s. 14 ( 6 ))... II, p. 1681
Employment Protection Act ( c. 71 , s. 129( 6 ))... III, p. 2217
Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act ( c. 34, ss. 1, 9( 2 ), schs .
1, 2 )... ... II, pp. 1253, 1258, 1259
Hearing Aid Council ( Extension ) Act ( c. 39, s. 2(4))... II, p. 1312
House of Commons Disqualification Act (c. 24, s. 11 ( 2))... II, p. 1084
Industry Act (c. 68, s . 39(4))... ... III, p. 2021
International Road Haulage Permits Act ( c. 46, s. 5(3))
... II, p. 1516
Iron and Steel Act (c. 64, s. 39(2))
... ... ... II, p. 1881
Litigants in Person (Costs and Expenses) Act ( c. 47, s. 2(4)) ...
II, p. 1518
Ministers of the Crown Act (c. 26, s. 9( 2))... ... ...
II, p. 1123
Petroleum Pipe-Lines Act (c. 74, s. 49(3))... ... ...
III, p. 2483
Policyholders Protection Act ( c. 75, s. 33( 2))... ...
III, p. 2624
Prices Act (c . 32, s. 3(2))... ... ...
II, p. 1247
Recess Elections Act (c. 66, s. 5(8))... ... ... ... II, p. 1980
Referendum Act (c. 33, s. 2(5))... II, p. 1250
Sex Discrimination Act (c. 65, s . 87( 2))... ... ... III, p. 1957
Social Security Act ( c. 14, ss. 9(3)- (6), 128(4), 142(2), (5), sch. 2, 17 )
I, pp. 306, 407, 416, 441, 473
Social Security Benefits Act (c. 11, s. 13, sch. 4 ) I, pp. 278, 288
Social Security (Consequential Provisions Act) ( c. 18, s. 5, schs. 1, 2)
I, pp. 687, 688
Social Security Pensions Act (c. 60, s. 68( 4))... ... II, p. 1752
Statute Law (Repeals) Act ( c. 10, s . 2(2))... ... ...
I, p. 250
Supply Powers Act (c. 9, s. 9( 3))
... ...
..
I, p. 246
Welsh Development Agency Act ( c. 70, s. 29(3))..
III. p. 2093
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
CCCXCV
NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY DISQUALIFICATION ACT: с. 25... II, p. 1103
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Disqualification of holders of certain offices and places, II , pp.
1103, 1106.
2. Reserve and auxiliary forces, etc. , II, p. 1104.
3, and schedule 1. Power to amend Schedule 1 , II, pp. 1105, 1106.
4. Relaxation of obligation to accept office, II, p. 1105.
5 , and schedules 2, 3. Consequential amendments and repeals, II, pp. 1105, 1113.
6. Short title, II, p. 1105.
Schedule 1. Offices disqualifying for membership, II, p. 1106.
Part I. Judicial offices, II, p. 1106.
Part II. Bodies of which all members are disqualified, II, p. 1106.
Part III. Other disqualifying offices , II, p. 1109.
Schedule 2.
Schedule 3. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1113.
Repeals, II, p. 1113.
NORTHERN IRELAND (EMERGENCY PROVISIONS) (AMENDMENT) ACT: c. 62
II, p. 1807
Trial of certain offences, etc.
§ 1. Admissibility of written statements made outside Northern Ireland, II, p. 1807.
2. Preliminary enquiry into scheduled offences , II, p. 1808 .
3. Trial of scheduled and non-scheduled offences together, II, p. 1808.
4. Removal of certain limitations on power to grant bail, II, p. 1808.
5. Legal aid to applicants for bail, II, p. 1809.
6 . Court of trial for scheduled offences, II, p. 1809.
7. Repeal of s. 5 of principal Act, II, p. 1810.
8. Exclusion of summary proceedings from ss. 6 and 7 of principal Act, II, p. 1810.
Powers ofdetention, search, sei ure, etc.
9, and schedule 1. Detention of terrorists, etc. , II, pp. 1810, 1816.
10. 11. Power to stop and question, II, p. 1810.
Power to search for radio transmitters, II, p. 1810.
Offences against public security and public order
12. Invitations to join, or carry out directions given by, proscribed organisation, II,
p. 1811.
13. Extension of classes of information in s. 20 of principal Act, II, p. 1811.
14. Riotous and disorderly behaviour, II , p. 1812.
15. Training in making or use of firearms, explosives or explosive substances, II,
p. 1812.
16. Wearing of hoods, etc. in public places , II, p. 1813.
Miscellaneous and general
17. Prosecutions, II, p. 1813.
18, and schedule 2. Amendments to list of scheduled offences, II, pp. 1813, 1821.
19. Expenses, II, p. 1813 .
20. Interpretation, etc. , II, p. 1813 .
21. Commencement, duration, expiry and revival of certain provisions, II, p. 1814.
22. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1815.
23, and schedule 3. Short title, repeals and extent, II, pp. 1815, 1823.
Schedule 1. Detention of terrorists, II, p. 1816.
Schedule 2. Amendments of Part I of Schedule 4 to the principal Act, II, p. 1821.
Schedule 3. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1823.
NORTHERN IRELAND (LOANS) ACT: c. 83...
... III, p. 2797
§ 1. Loans for capital purposes , III, p. 2797.
2. Existing loans, III, p. 2798.
3. Accounts, III, p. 2798.
4, and schedule. Citation and repeals, III, pp. 2799, 2800.
Schedule III, p. 2800.
Part III 2T2
cccxcvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
NURSING HOMES ACT: с. 37... .. ... ... II, p. 1291
Meaning of" nursing home ” and “ mental nursing home "
§ 1. Meaning of " nursing home ", II, p. 1291 .
2. Meaning of " mental nursing home " , II, p. 1292.
Registration and conduct ofnursing homes and mental nursing homes
3. Registration of nursing homes and mental nursing homes, II, p. 1292.
4. Refusal of registration, II, p. 1293.
5. Regulations as to conduct of homes, II, p. 1294.
6. Supplementary regulations, II, p. 1294.
7. Cancellation of registration, II, p. 1294.
8. Additional registration conditions for mental nursing homes, II, p. 1295.
9. Inspection of mental nursing homes and visiting of patients, II, p. 1295.
10. Effect of cancellation or death on mental nursing home registration, II, p. 1296.
11. Proceedings, II, p. 1297. Offences
12. Failure to register, II , p. 1297.
13. Failure to affix certification of registration, II, p. 1297.
14. Contravention of regulations, II, p. 1298.
15. Breach of condition as to registration, II, p. 1298.
16. Obstruction, II, p. 1298.
17. Bodies corporate and their officers, II, p. 1298 .
Miscellaneous and supplemental
18. Power to exempt Christian Science homes, II, p. 1298.
19. Regulations, II, p. 1299.
20. Interpretation and construction, II , p. 1299.
21. Ancillary provisions of Mental Health Act 1959, II, p. 1300.
22 , and schedules 1, 2, 3. Consequential amendments, transitional provisions,
savings and repeals, II, pp. 1300, 1302.
23. Extent, II , p. 1301 .
24. Short title and commencement, II, p. 1301.
Schedule 1. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1302.
Schedule 2. Transitional provisions and savings , II, p. 1302.
Schedule 3. Repeals, II, p. 1303.
OFFSHORE PETROLEUM DEVELOPMENT (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 8
I, p. 221
Acquisition of landfor purposes ofoffshore petroleum development
§ 1, and schedules 1, 2. Acquisition of land for purposes connected with offshore
petroleum, I, pp. 221, 236.
2. Extinction of rights affecting land, I, p. 223.
Designated sea areas
3, and schedule 3. Designated sea areas, I, pp. 224, 239.
4. Licences in relation to operations in designated sea areas , I, p. 224.
5. Terms and effect, etc. of licences under s. 4, I, p. 225.
6. Regulations for protection and control of operations in designated sea areas, I,
p. 226.
7. Execution and enforcement of regulations, etc. in designated sea areas , I, p. 227.
Reinstatement of land
8. Reinstatement of land held under Act, I, p. 228.
9. Arrangements to ensure reinstatement of other land developed for purposes
connected with offshore petroleum, I, p. 229.
Miscellaneous and General
10. 11. 12. Execution of works and disposal of land held under Act, I, p. 229.
Loans and guarantees by Secretary of State for facilitating relevant operations ,
I, p. 230.
Supplementary provisions as to acquisition and appropriation of land, I, p. 230.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cccxcvii
OFFSHORE PETROLEUM DEVELOPMENT (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
13. Compensation for adjoining owners and exclusion of actions for nuisance, I,
p. 231.
14. Power to require information as to interests in land, I, p. 231 .
15. Rights of entry, I, p. 232.
16. Application to Crown land, I, p. 232.
17. Financial provisions, I, p. 233.
18. Savings, I, p. 233 .
19. Orders, etc., I, p. 234.
20. Short title, interpretation and extent, I, p. 234.
Schedule 1. Making and revocation of expedited acquisition orders, I, p. 236.
Schedule 2. Effect of expedited acquisition orders, I, 1
orders, I , p. 237.
Schedule 3. Making and revocation of sea designation orders, I, p. 239.
OIL TAXATION ACT: c. 22... ... II, p. 985
PART I
PETROLEUM REVENUE TAX
§ 1, and schedules 1, 2, 3.
2. Assessable profits andPetroleum revenue tax, II, pp. 985, 1017.
allowable losses, II, p. 986.
3, and schedules 4, 5, 6. Allowance of expenditure (other than expenditure on long-
term assets and abortive exploration expenditure), II, pp. 990, 1035.
4 , and schedules 4, 5, 6. Allowance of expenditure on long-term assets, II,
pp. 993, 1035.
5 , and schedule 7. Allowance of abortive exploration expenditure, II, pp. 996, 1045.
6 , and schedule 8. Allowance of unrelievable loss from abandoned field, II,
pp. 998, 1046.
7. Relief for allowable losses, II, p. 1000.
8. Oil allowance, II, p. 1000.
9. Annual limit on amount of tax payable by participator, II, p. 1002.
10. Modification of Part I in connection with certain gas sold to British Gas
Corporation, II, p. 1004.
11. Application of Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968, II, p. 1005.
12. Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 1006.
PART II
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE EXTRACTION OF PETROLEUM
IN THE UNITED KINGDOM OR A DESIGNATED AREA
13. Treatment of oil extraction activities etc. for purposes of income tax and
corporation tax, II, p. 1009.
14. Valuation of oil disposed of or appropriated in certain circumstances, II, p. 1010.
15. Oil extraction activities etc.: charges on income, II, p. 1011 .
16. Oil extraction activities etc.: restriction on setting advance corporation tax
against income therefrom, II, p. 1012.
17. Corporation tax: deduction of petroleum revenue tax in computing income,
ІП , р. 1013.
18. Interest on tax overpaid to be disregarded in computing income, II, p. 1014.
19. Interpretation of Part II, II, p. 1014.
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
20, and schedule 9. Modification of certain provisions in relation to petroleum
companies, II , pp. 1015, 1047.
21. Citation, interpretation and construction, II, p. 1016.
Schedule 1. Determination of oil fields, II, p. 1017.
Schedule 2. Management and collection of petroleum revenue tax, II , p. 1018.
Schedule 3. Petroleum revenue tax: miscellaneous provisions, II, p. 1029.
Schedule 4. Provisions supplementary to sections 3 and 4, II, p. 1035.
Part III 2T3
cccxcviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
OIL TAXATION ACT-continued
Schedule 5. Allowance ofexpenditure (other than abortive exploration expenditure),
ІІ, р. 1040.
Schedule 6. Allowance of expenditure ( other than abortive exploration expenditure)
on claim by participator, II, p. 1044.
Schedule 7.
Schedule 8. Allowance of abortive exploration expenditure, II, p. 1045.
Allowance of unrelievable field losses, II, p. 1046 .
Schedule 9. Extension of section 485 of Taxes Act in relation to petroleum
companies, II, p. 1047.
OECD SUPPORT FUND ACT: c. 80
... ... III, p. 2792
§ 1. The Agreement, III, p. 2792.
2. Payments out of and into National Loans Fund, III , p. 2792.
3 . Payments out of and into Consolidated Fund, III, p. 2792.
4. Tax exemptions, III, p. 2793 .
5. Short title, III, p. 2793 .
P
PARLIAMENT.
Orders, regulations, reports, etc. to be laid before Parliament under-
Airports Authority Act ( c. 78, ss. 7( 2), 8( 3), 21 ( 4)
III, pp. 2760, 2761 , 2774
Biological Standards Act ( c. 4, s. 4( 4 ) ) ...
... ...
I, p. 12
Community Land Act ( c. 77, s. 12(2)(3), 13( 4)) III, pp. 2672, 2673
Employment Protection Act ( c. 71, ss. 106( 5), 109(9), 119( 16))
III, pp. 2194, 2198, 2205
Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act ( c. 16, s. 4(8)(a)) I, p. 663
Industry Act ( c. 68 , ss . 5(3)(6) , 15(1 )(3), 19(1 )) III, pp. 1994, 2002, 2004
Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) Act ( c. 63, s. 22( 4))
II, p. 1845
Iron and Steel Act ( c. 64, ss. 1 (6), 5(7), 20, 21 (2), 24(6)
II, pp. 1852, 1856, 1867, 1868, 1871
Northern Ireland ( Loans) Act ( c. 83, s. 3( 2))... ...
III, p. 2799
OECD Support Fund Act ( c. 80, s. 3( 3))... ... ...
III, p. 2793
Petroleum and Submarine Pipe-lines Act (c. 74, s . 40( 4)) ... III, p. 2476
Policyholders Protection Act ( c. 75, s. 28(1))... ... III, p. 2621
Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act ( c. 57, s . 2(5))... II, p. 1651
Scottish Development Agency Act (c. 69, ss. 16(3)(5)(6)) ... III, p. 2058
Sex Discrimination Act (c. 65, s. 10(7))... ... ... II, p. 1907
Supply Powers Act (c. 9, s. 2(4))... I , p. 242
Welsh Development Agency Act ( c. 70, ss. 13( 4), 14(3)( 4)... III, p. 2083
Orders, regulations, etc. subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament under-
Airports Authority Act ( c. 78, ss. 12(5 ), 13(6), 14(4))... III, p. 2765
Child Benefit Act (c. 61 , s . 21 (7) )... ... ... II, p. 1789
Coal Industry Act (c. 56, s. 3( 9))
II, p. 1639
...
Community Land Act ( c. 77 , ss. 4 ( 3), 5(6) , 18(7)(c), 27(11)
III , pp. 2664, 2665, 2678, 2688
Conservation of Wild Creatures and Wild Plants Act ( c. 48, s. 14(1))
II, p. 1523
I, p. 262
Criminal Procedure (Scotland ) Act ( c. 21 , s. 464(5))
...
District Courts ( Scotland ) Act (c. 20, ss. 17(8), 19(3), 24(5))
I, pp. 747, 748, 751
Employment Protection Act ( c. 71, s. 123( 2))... ... III, p . 2211
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cccxcix
PARLIAMENT -continued
Guard Dogs Act (c. 50, s. 6(3))... II, p. 1540
Housing Rents and Subsidies (Scotland ) Act ( c. 28, ss. 8( 8), 9(5))
II, pp. 1138, 1139
Industrial and Provident Societies Act ( c. 41, s. 2( 4))
... II, p. 1320
Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act ( c. 16, s. 4( 8)( b) I, p. 663
International Road Haulage Permits Act ( c. 46, s. 1( 7 ))
... II, p. 1513
Iron and Steel Act ( c. 64, s. 36(2))
... ... ... II, p. 1878
Local Government (Scotland ) Act ( c. 30, ss. 4(8), 10( 3))
II, pp. 1181, 1187
Local Land Charges Act ( c. 76, ss. 14 ( 3), 18( 3))...
III, pp. 2644, 2646
Lotteries Act (c. 58, ss. 14( b), 19(1 ))
...
II, pp. 1664, 1665
Ministers of the Crown Act (c. 26, s. 5( 2 )) ...
... ...
II, p. 1122
Mobile Homes Act (c. 49, s. 6(4))... ... ... ... II, p. 1533
Nursing Homes Act ( c. 37, s. 19(1)) II, p. 1299
Offshore Petroleum Development ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 8, s. 3( 2) ) I, p. 224
Policyholders Protection Act ( c. 75, ss. 25(3)), 31(1)) III, pp. 2620, 2622
Prices Act (c. 32, s. 1 ( 2 ))... II, p. 1245
Remuneration, Charges and Grants Act (c. 57, s. 2(6))... II, p. 1652
Sex Discrimination Act (c. 65, s . 81(2)(3)... ... II, p. 1950
Social Security Act (c. 14, s. 167( 3)... ... I, p. 435
Orders to be laid before House of Commons under-
Finance (No. 2 ) Act ( c. 45, s. 71(10 ))... II, p. 1460
Resolution of both Houses required for approval of orders, etc. under-
Air Travel Reserve Fund Act (c. 36, s. 4( 3))
... ... II, p. 1287
Children Act ( c. 72, ss. 33( 7), 41 ( 4), 47(4) , 51 ( 4))
III, pp. 2337, 2343, 2347, 2349
Community Land Act... ... III, pp. 2669, 2686
General Rate Act (c. 5, s. 1 ( 3))... I , p. 15
Housing Finance ( Special Provisions) Act ( c. 67, s. 2(6)) ... III, p. 1985
Industry Act (c. 68, ss. 26, 28( 8))... ... ... III, pp. 2008, 2011
Iron and Steel Act ( c. 64, s. 36(3))... II, p. 1879
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 30, ss. 6(6 ), 15(4), 18(6 ) )
II, pp. 1184, 1189, 1190
Lotteries Act (c. 58, s. 18( 2))... ... II, p. 1665
Northern Ireland ( Loans) Act ( c. 83, s . 1( 6 )) III, p. 2798
Offshore Petroleum Development ( Scotland) Act ( c. 8, s. 1( 6 )) I, p. 222
Petroleum and Submarine Pipe-lines Act ( c. 74, s. 46( 2) )... III, p. 2481
Policyholders Protection Act (c. 75, s. 2( 27))
III, p. 2596
Social Security Act (c. 14, s. 167( 1 ))
... .. I, p. 435
Supply Powers Act (c. 9, s. 2(4)(5))
.. ... ... I, p. 242
Resolution of the House of Commons required for approval of orders, etc.
under-
Export Guarantees Act (c. 38, ss. 5(5), 6( 3)) II, pp. 1307, 1308
Finance Act (c. 7, ss. 55(3))... ... ... I , p. 107
Finance (No. 2 ) Act ( c. 45, s. 48(6))... ... II, p. 1437
Housing Rents and Subsidies Act ( c. 6, s. 15(2) )... ...
I, p. 27
Industry Act (c. 68, s. 8(3))... ... ... ... ...
III, p. 1993
Ministerial and other Salaries Act (c. 27, s. 1( 4) )...
II, p. 1128
Prices Act (c. 32, s. 1( 3))... ...
II, p. 1245
Scottish Development Agency Act ( c. 69, s. 13( 4))...
III, p. 2056
PARTNERSHIPS. See SEX DISCRIMINATION ACT (c. 65, s. 11).
Part III
2T4
cd Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
PETROLEUM AND SUBMARINE PIPE- LINES ACT: c. 74
III, p. 2435
PART I
THEBRITISH NATIONAL OIL CORPORATION
Constitution
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Constitution of the Corporation, III, pp. 2435, 2484.
Generalfunctions ofthe Corporation
2. 3. 4. General powers, III, p. 2437.
General duties, III, p. 2438.
Directions by Secretary of State, III, p. 2439.
Financialprovisions
5. General financial duties, III, p. 2439.
6. Borrowing powers etc., III, p. 2440.
7. Loans by Secretary of State, III, p. 2441.
8. Guarantees, III, p. 2441 .
9. Exemption from petroleum revenue tax and stamp duty, III, p. 2442.
10. Accounts and audit, III, p. 2443.
Miscellaneous
11. Provision by Co by Corporationof information for Secretary of State, III , p. 2444.
12. Co-ordination of activities of Corporation and British Gas Corporation and
their subsidiaries, III , p. 2445.
13. Transfer to Corporation of shares of NCB (Exploration ) Ltd., III, p. 2445.
14. Control of subsidiaries, III, p. 2445.
15. Annual report, III, p. 2446.
16. Supplemental, III, p. 2447.
PART II
PETROLEUM PRODUCTION LICENCES
17, and schedules 2, 3. Modification of model clauses for incorporation in petroleum
production licences, III, pp. 2448, 2486.
18, and schedules 2, 3. Incorporation of modified model clauses into existing licences,
III, pp. 2449, 2486.
19, and schedules 2, 3. Provisions supplementary to s. 18, III, pp. 2450, 2486.
PART III
SUBMARINE PIPE-LINES
Construction and use ofpipe-lines
20. Control of construction and use of pipe-lines in territorial and continental-shelf
waters , III , p. 2451 .
21, and schedule 4. Authorisations for pipe-lines, III, pp. 2452, 2590.
22 , and schedule 4. Compulsory increases in capacity etc of pipe-lines, III, pp.
2454, 2590.
23. Acquisition by persons of rights to use pipe-lines belonging to others, III, p.
2455.
24 , and schedule 4. Termination of authorisations, III, pp. 2457, 2590.
25. Vesting of pipe-lines on termination or subsequent issue of authorisations, III,
p. 2459.
Safety and inspection
26. Safety, III, р. 2459.
27. Inspectors etc. , III, p. 2460.
Criminal and civil liability
28. Enforcement, III, p. 2462.
29. Criminal proceedings, III, p. 2463.
30. Civil liability for breach of statutory duty, III, p. 2465.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
PETROLEUM AND SUBMARINE PIPE-LINES ACT -continued
cdi
Supplemental
31. Exclusion etc of application of Part III, III, p. 2465.
32. Regulations, III, p. 2466.
33. Interpretation etc of Part III, III, p. 2466.
PART IV
REFINERIES
34. Control of construction and extension of refineries, III, p. 2468.
35. Authorisations to construct or extend refineries , III, p. 2469.
36. Planning permission for works requiring authorisations, III, p. 2471 .
37. Inspectors, III, p. 2472.
38. Offences, III, p. 2473.
39. Modifications of Part IV for Scotland and Northern Ireland, III, p. 2474.
PARTV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
40. The National Oil Account, III, p. 2475.
41. Payments to petroleum licence holders etc from the Account, III , p. 2477.
42. Loans etc to promote development of United Kingdom petroleum resources,
III, p. 2478.
43. Payments in respect of Burmah Oil Co. Ltd. , III , p. 2478.
44. Extension of Mineral Workings (Offshore Installations ) Act 1971, III , p. 2479.
General
45. Amendments of enactments, III, p. 2480.
46. Orders and regulations, III, p. 2481 .
47. Expenses, III, p. 2481 .
48. Interpretation etc -general, III , p. 2481.
49. Short title, commencement and extent, III, p. 2482.
Schedule 1. Additional provisions relating to constitution etc of British National
Oil Corporation, III, p. 2484.
Schedule 2. Production licences for seaward areas, III, p. 2486.
Part I. Further amendments of Schedule 4 to the Petroleum
( Production ) Regulations 1966 as amended, III, p. 2486.
Part II .
Schedule 4 to the Petroleum ( Production) Regulations 1966
as further amended, III, p. 2508.
Schedule 3. Production licences for landward areas, III, p. 2538.
Part I.
Further amendments of Schedule 3 to the Petroleum
( Production) Regulations 1966 as amended, III, p. 2538.
Part II.
Schedule 3 to the Petroleum (Production) Regulations 1966
as further amended, III, p. 2561 .
Schedule 4. Authorisations in pursuance of section 20, III, p. 2590.
PETROLEUM REVENUE TAX. See OIL TAXATION ACT ( c. 22, s. 1) .
POLICYHOLDERS PROTECTION ACT : c. 75... ... ... III, p. 2595
The Policyholders Protection Board
§ 1, and schedule 1. The Policyholders Protection Board, III, pp. 2595, 2625.
2. Guidance to the Board by the Secretary of State, III, p. 2596.
General scope ofthe Board's functions under this Act
3. Authorised insurance companies, III, p. 2596.
4. Protection confined to United Kingdom policies, III, р. 2597.
cdii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
POLICYHOLDERS PROTECTION ACT-continued
Duties of the Board in case ofcompanies in liquidation
5. Application of sections 6 to 11, III, p. 2597.
6. Compulsory insurance policies and securities, III, p. 2598.
7. Third-party rights against insurance companies in road traffic cases, III, p. 2600.
8. General policies other than compulsory insurance policies, III, p. 2600.
9. Limits on the duties of the Board under sections 6to 8, III, p. 2600.
10. Long term policies , III, p. 2601 .
11. Special provision for future benefits under long term policies, III, p. 2601 .
12. Disproportionate benefits under long term policies, III, p. 2603.
13. 14. General provisions with respect to the duties of the Board
General provisions with respect to the performance by the Board of their duties,
III, p. 2604.
Exclusion and modification of duties of the Board where payments are made by
other persons, etc, III, p. 2607.
Powers of the Board to assist policyholders ofcompanies in liquidation, etc.
15. Interim payments to policyholders of companies in liquidation, etc., III, p. 2608.
16. 17. Powers of the Board to protect policyholders ofcompanies
infinancial difficulties
Companies in financial difficulties: transfers of business, etc., III, p. 2609.
Special provision with respect to long term business of a company in financial
difficulties, III, p. 2611.
Levies on the insurance industry to finance the performance by the Board
of their functions
18. General business expenditure and long term business expenditure, III, p. 2613.
19, and schedule 2. Levies on intermediaries, III, pp. 2613 , 2629.
20. The exempt income level for the purposes of section 19, III, p. 2616.
21, and schedule 3. Levies on authorised insurance companies, III, pp. 2617, 2631 .
22. Treatment of business as , or as not being, long term business for the purposes
of section 21 and Schedule 3, III, p. 2619.
Miscellaneous and supplementary
23. Special provision for persons insured under contracts of insurance not evidenced
by policies , III, p. 2619.
24. Application of general receipts by the Board, III, p. 2619.
25. Application of surplus funds by the Board, III, p. 2620.
26. Overseas companies, III, p. 2620.
27. Disclosure of documents and information to the Board, III, p. 2621 .
28. Statement by Secretary of State with respect to the exercise of his powers in
relation to a company in liquidation, etc., III, p. 2621 .
29. Disclosure of documents and information to insurance advisers appointed by
30. Report by Secretary of State with respect to the operation of this Act, III,
the Secretary of State, III, p. 2622.
p. 2622.
31. Regulations, III, p. 2622.
32. Interpretation, III, p. 2622.
33. Short title and extent, III, p. 2624.
Schedule 1. Additional provisions with respect to the Policyholders Protection
Board, III , p . 2625.
Schedule 2. Additional provisions with respect to levies on intermediaries , III,
р. 2629.
Schedule 3. Additional provisions with respect to levies on authorised insurance
companies, III, p. 2631 .
POST OFFICE. See STATUTORY CORPORATIONS (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) ACT
( c. 55, s . 2( 4 )).
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdiii
PRICES ACT: с. 32...
§ 1. Food subsidies, II, p. 1244.
2. Regulation of price of food etc., II, p. 1245.
3. Supplemental, II, p. 1247.
... ... ... ... II, p. 1244
PUBLIC SERVICE VEHICLES (ARREST OF OFFENDERS ) ACT: c. 53
§ 1. Arrest without warrant of suspected offenders, II, p. 1600.
2. Short title, repeal, commencement and extent, II, p. 1601.
... II, p. 1600
R
RECESS ELECTIONS ACT: с. 66...
... ... ...
... III, p. 1977
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Issue of warrants by Speaker for making out writs, III, pp. 1977,
1981 .
2. Restrictions on Speaker's powers, III, p. 1978 .
3. Acceptance of office, III, p. 1978.
4. Appointment of Members to exercise Speaker's powers, I, p. 1979.
5 , and schedule 2. Citation etc. , III, pp. 1979, 1981.
Schedule 1. Certificate of vacancy, III, p. 1981.
Schedule 2. Repeals, III, р. 1981 .
REFERENDUM ACT: c. 33... ...
...
... II, p. 1248
§ 1. Holding of referendum, II , p. 1248.
2. Conduct of referendum, II, p. 1249.
3. Grants towards cost of campaign, II, p. 1251 .
4. Exclusion of legal proceedings, II, p. 1251 .
5. Expenses, II, p. 1251 .
6. Short title, II, p. 1251 .
Schedule. II, p. 1252.
REMUNERATION, CHARGES AND GRANTS Aст: с. 57
... ... II, p. 1650
1. Remuneration under existing agreements, II, p. 1650.
2. Duration of section 1 and of certain provisions of Counter- Inflation Act 1973,
II, р. 1651 .
3. Price code, II, p. 1652.
4. Power to reduce certain grants to local authorities, II, p. 1652.
5. Housing subsidy -special element, II, p. 1653.
6. Rent limitation subsidy in Scotland, II, p. 1653.
7. Interpretation, II, p. 1654.
8. Expenses, II, p. 1654.
9. Short title, II, p. 1654.
RESERVOIRS ACT: c. 23... ... ... II, p. 1051
Operation ofAct, and administration
§ 1, and schedule 1. Ambit of Act, and interpretation, II, pp. 1051, 1078.
2. Registration of large raised reservoirs, and enforcement of Act, by local
authorities , II, p. 1052.
3. Reports by local authorities to, and supervisory powers of , Secretary of State,
II, p. 1053.
4. Qualification of engineers , II, p. 1054.
5. Power to prescribe by regulations, II, p. 1055.
New, enlarged and restored reservoirs
6. Construction or enlargement of reservoirs, II, p. 1055.
7. 8. Certificates of construction engineers, II, p. 1056.
Powers of enforcement authority in event of non-compliance with requirements .
as to construction or enlargement of reservoirs, II, p. 1057.
cdiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
RESERVOIRS ACT-continued
9. Re -use of abandoned reservoirs, II, p. 1059.
Inspections
10. Periodical inspection of large raised reservoirs, II, p. 1060.
Monitoring and supervision
11. Recording of water levels etc., II, p. 1062.
12. Supervision of large raised reservoirs, II, p. 1062.
Discontinuance or abandonment
13. Discontinuance of large raised reservoirs , II, p. 1063.
14. Abandonment of large raised reservoirs, II, p. 1063.
Additional powers ofenforcement authority
15. Reserve powers, II, p. 1064.
16. Emergency powers, II, p. 1065.
17. Powers of entry, II, p. 1066.
18. Compensation to third parties for damage or disturbance, II, p. 1068.
Supplementary
19. Reference of disputed recommendations to referee , II, p. 1069
20. General provisions as to reports, certificates etc. of engineers, I, p. 1069.
21. Duty of undertakers to furnish information, II , p. 1070.
22. Criminal liability of undertakers and their employees, II, p. 1072.
Transitional and temporary provisions
23. Continuity with previous Act, II, p. 1073.
24. Notification to local authorities of existing reservoirs, II, p. 1073.
25. Reservoirs in course of construction or alteration, or newly constructed or
altered, II , p. 1974.
26. Reservoirs constructed before commencement of previous Act, II, p. 1075.
27. Large raised reservoirs not within previous Act, II, p. 1076.
Repeal , commencement etc.
28, and schedule 2. Repeal, II, pp. 1076, 1078.
29. Commencement, II, p. 1077.
30. Short title and extent, II, p. 1077.
Schedule 1. Index of general definitions, II, p. 1078.
Schedule 2. Liability for damage and injury, II, p. 1078.
S
SAFETY OF SPORTS GROUNDS ACT: c. 52... ...
§ 1. Safety certificates for large sports stadia, II, p. 1587.
2 . Contents of safety certificates , II, p. 1588.
3. Applications for certificates, II, p. 1589.
4. Amendment etc. of certificates, II , p. 1589.
5. Appeals, II, p. 1590.
6. Regulations, II, p. 1591.
7. Determinations and appeals -supplementary, II, p. 1592.
8. Alterations and extensions, II, p. 1592.
9. Exclusion of other statutory requirements, II, p. 1593.
10. Emergency procedure, II, p. 1594.
11. Powers of entry and inspection, II, p. 1594.
12. Offences , II, p. 1595.
13. Civil liability, II, p. 1597.
14. Service of documents, II, p. 1597.
15. Power to extend Act by order, II, p. 1597.
16. Application to Crown, II , p. 1597.
17. Interpretation, II, p. 1597.
18. Orders and regulations , II, p. 1599.
19. Short title, extent and commencement, II, p. 1599.
... II, p. 1587
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdv
SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACT: c. 51
... ... II, p. 1543
PART I
§ 1. 2 . 3. 4. 5. PROHIBITION OF CERTAIN MODES OF TAKING OR DESTROYING FISH, ETC.
Prohibited implements, II, p. 1543.
Roe, spawning and unclean fish, etc., II, p. 1544.
Nets, II , p. 1545.
Poisonous matter and polluting effluent, II, p. 1545.
Prohibition of use of explosives, poisons or electrical devices and of destruction
of dams etc. , II, p. 1546.
PART II
OBSTRUCTIONS TO PASSAGE OF FISH
6. Fixed engines, II, p. 1547.
7. Fishing weirs, II, p. 1547.
8. Fishing mill dams, I, p. 1548.
9. Duty to make and maintain fish passes, II, p. 1548.
10. Power of water authority to construct and alter fish passes, II, p. 1549.
11. Minister's consents and approvals for fish passes, II , p. 1550.
12. Penalty for injuring or obstructing fish pass or free gap, II, p. 1550.
13. Sluices, II , p. 1551 .
14. Gratings, II , p. 1551 .
15. Power of water authority to use gratings etc. to limit movements of salmon
and trout, II, p. 1552.
16. Boxes and cribs in weirs and dams, II, p. 1553.
17. Restrictions on taking salmon or trout above or below an obstruction or in
mill races, II , p. 1554.
18. Provisions supplementary to Part II, II, p. 1554.
PART III
TIMES OF FISHING AND SELLING AND EXPORTING FISH
19, and schedule 1. Close seasons and close times, II, pp. 1555, 1572.
20. Close seasons and close times -fixed engines and obstructions , II, p. 1556.
21. Eel baskets etc. , II, p. 1557.
22. Sale of salmon and trout, II, p. 1557.
23. Export of salmon and trout, II, p. 1558.
24. Consignment of salmon and trout , II, p. 1559.
PART IV
FISHING LICENCES
25 , and schedule 2. Licences to fish, II, pp. 1560, 1573.
26. Limitation of fishing licences, II, p. 1561 .
27. Unlicensed fishing, II , p. 1562.
PART V
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT
Regulation offisheries etc.
28, and schedule 3. General powers and duties of water authorities and Minister,
II, pp. 1562, 1575.
29. Fish rearing licences, II, p. 1563.
30. Introduction of fish into inland waters, II, p. 1563.
Powers ofwater bailiffs etc.
31. Powers of search etc., II, p. 1563.
32. Power to enter lands, II, p. 1564.
33. Orders and warrants to enter suspected premises, II, p. 1564.
34. Power to apprehend persons fishing illegally at night , II, p. 1565.
35. Power to require production of fishing licences, II, p. 1565.
36. Provisions supplementary to sections 31 to 35, II, p. 1566.
Offences
37, and schedule 4. Prosecution etc. of offences, II, pp. 1566, 1580.
cdvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACT -continued
PART VI
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
38. Works below high water mark, II, p. 1566.
39. Border rivers and Solway Firth, II, p. 1567.
40. River Severn, II, p. 1567.
41. Interpretation, II, p. 1567.
42, and schedule 5. Repeals etc., II , pp. 1570, 1585.
43, and schedule 4. Citation etc., II, pp. 1571, 1580.
Schedule 1. Close seasons and close times, II, p. 1572.
Schedule 2. Licences , II, p. 1573.
Schedule 3. Administration, II, p. 1575.
Part I. Orders, II, p. 1575.
Part II . Byelaws, II , p. 1577 .
Part III. Miscellaneous, II, p. 1579.
Schedule 4. Offences, II, p. 1580.
Part I. Prosecution and punishment, II, p. 1580.
Part II. Procedure, II, p. 1583 .
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1585.
SCOTTISH DEVELOPMENT AGENCY Aст: с. 69...
... III, p. 2043
Establishment andfunctions of the Agency
§ 1 , and schedule 1. The Scottish Development Agency, III, pp. 2043, 2064.
2. General purposes and functions, III, p. 2044.
3. Ancillary powers of Agency, III, p. 2046.
4. Power of Secretary of State to give Agency directions, III, p. 2046.
Various powers of the Agency
5. Exercise by Agency of powers to give selective financial assistance under Industry
Act 1972, III, p. 2047.
6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. Provision of sites and premises for industry, I, p. 2048.
Development and improvement of the environment, I, p. 2049.
Derelict land, III, p. 2050.
Acquisition and disposal of land, III , р. 2051 .
Powers of entry, III, p. 2052.
Power to obtain information, III, p. 2054.
Financial provisions
12. Financial duties of the Agency, III, р. 2055.
13, and schedule 2. Finances of the Agency, III , pp . 2055, 2068 .
14. Other limits on Agency's powers , III, p. 2056.
Miscellaneous
15, and schedule 3. Transfer of property, rights and liabilities of certain bodies to
Agency, III , pp. 2057, 2071 .
16. Transfer of publicly owned property to Agency, III, p. 2058.
17. The Agency and the media, III, p. 2059.
18. Technical assistance to overseas countries, III, p. 2059.
19. Assistance from local authorities and development corporations in carrying out
certain functions, III , p. 2059.
Powers of Secretary ofState
20. 21. Scottish Industrial Development Advisory Board, III, p. 2059.
Assistance to persons providing air services serving the Highlands and Islands,
III, p. 2060.
General
22. Service of documents, III, p. 2060.
23. Expenses, III, p. 2061 .
24. Application of Act to Crown, III, p. 2061 .
25. 26. Interpretation, III, p. 2061 .
Orders and regulations, III, p. 2062.
27, and schedules 4, 5. Consequential amendments and repeals, III, pp. 2063, 2073 .
28. Short title, commencement and extent, III, p. 2063.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdvii
SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACT -continued
Schedule 1. The Scottish Development Agency, III, p. 2064.
Schedule 2. Financial and Administrative Provisions relating to the Agency, III,
p. 2068.
Schedule 3 .
Schedule 4. Members and Staff of the Corporation and the Council, III, p . 2071 .
Minor and Consequential Amendment of Enactments, III , p. 2073.
Schedule 5. Repeals, III, р. 2074.
SERVICE BY POST. Under-
Industry Act (c. 68, s . 36(1))
Scottish Development Agency (c. 69, s . 22( 1))... Welsh Development Agency ( c. 70, s. 25)... ... ...
...
III, p. 2018
III, p. 2060
III, p. 2091
SEX DISCRIMINATION Aст: с. 65 II, p. 1899
PART I
DISCRIMINATION TO WHICH ACT APPLIES
§ 1. Sex discrimination against women, II , p. 1899.
2. Sex discrimination against men, II, p. 1900.
3. Discrimination against married persons in employment field , II , p. 1900.
4. Discrimination by way of victimisation, II, p. 1900.
5. Interpretation, II, p. 1901 .
PART II
DISCRIMINATION IN THE EMPLOYMENT FIELD
Discrimination by employers
6. Discrimination against applicants and employees, II, p. 1901 .
7. Exception where sex is a genuine occupational qualification, II, p. 1903 .
8, and schedule 1. Equal Pay Act 1970, II , pp. 1904, 1958.
9. Discrimination against contract workers, II, p. 1906.
10. Meaning of employment at establishment in Great Britain, II, p. 1906.
Discrimination by other bodies
11. Partnerships, II, p. 1907.
12. Trade unions etc. , II, p. 1908.
13 . Qualifying bodies, II, p. 1908.
14. Vocational training bodies, II, p. 1909.
15. Employment agencies , II, p. 1910.
16. Manpower Services Commission etc., II, p. 1910.
Special cases
17. Police, II , р . 1911 .
18. Prison officers , II, p. 1912.
19. Ministers of religion etc. , II, p. 1912.
20. Midwives, II, p. 1913 .
21. Mineworkers, II, p. 1913 .
PART III
DISCRIMITANION IN OTHER FIELDS
Education
22. Discrimination by bodies in charge of educational establishments, II, p. 1913.
23. Other discrimination by local education authorities, II, p. 1914.
24. Designated establishments, II , p. 1915 .
25. General duty in public sector of education, II, p. 1915.
26. Exception for single-sex establishments, II, p. 1916.
27, and schedule 2. Exception for single-sex establishments turning co- educational,
II, pp. 1917, 1968.
28. Exception for physical training, II, p. 1917.
cdviii Index to the Public General Acts
andMeasures
SEX DISCRIMINATION ACT-continued
Goods, facilities , services andpremises
29. Discrimination in provision of goods, facilities or services , II, p. 1918 .
30. Discrimination in disposal or management of premises, II, p. 1918.
31. Discrimination: consent for assignment or sub-letting, II, p. 1919.
32. Exception for small dwellings, II, p. 1919.
33. Exception for political parties, II, p. 1920.
Exception
34. Exception for voluntary bodies, II, p. 1920.
35. Further exceptions from sections 29(1) and 30, II , p. 1921.
Extent
36. Extent of Part III, II, p. 1922.
PART IV
OTHER UNLAWFUL ACTS
37. Discriminatory practices, II, p. 1923 .
38. Discriminatory advertisements . II , p. 1923 .
39. Instructions to discriminate, II, p. 1924.
40. Pressure to discriminate, II, p. 1924.
41. Liability of employers and principals, II, p. 1924.
42. Aiding unlawful acts, II, p. 1924.
PARTV
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS FROM PARTS II το IV
43. Charities, II, p. 1925.
44. Sport etc., II, p. 1926.
45. Insurance, etc. , II, p. 1926.
46. Communal accommodation, II, p. 1926.
47. Discriminatory training by certain bodies, II, p. 1927.
48. Other discriminatory training etc., II, p . 1928.
49. Trade unions etc., : elective bodies, II, p. 1929.
50. Indirect access to benefits etc. , II, p. 1929.
51. Acts done under statutory authority, II, p. 1930.
52. Acts safeguarding national security, II, р. 1930.
PARTVI
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES COMMISSION
General
53, and schedule 3. Establishment and duties of Commission, II, pp. 1930, 1969.
54. Research and education, II, p. 1931 .
55. Review of discriminatory provisions in health and safety legislation , II, p. 1931.
56. Annual reports, II, p. 1931 .
Investigations
57. Power to conduct formal investigations, II, p. 1932.
58. Terms of reference, II, p. 1932.
59. Power to obtain information, II, p. 1932.
60. Recommendations and reports on formal investigations, II, p. 1934.
61. Restriction on disclosure of information, II, p. 1935.
PARTVII
ENFORCEMENT
General
62. No further sanctions for breach of Act, II, p. 1936.
Index to the Public General Acts andMeasures
cdix
SEX DISCRIMINATION ACT-continued
Enforcement in employmentfield
63. Jurisdiction of industrial tribunals, II, p. 1936.
64. Conciliation in employment cases, II, p. 1936.
65 . Remedies on complaint under section 63, II, p. 1937.
Enforcement ofPart III
66. Claims under Part III, II, p. 1938.
Non- discrimination notices
67. Issue of non-discrimination notice, II, p. 1939.
68. Appeal against non-discrimination notice, II, p. 1940.
69. Investigation as to compliance with non-discrimination notice, II, p. 1941 .
70. Register of non-discrimination notices, II , p. 1941 .
Other enforcement by Commission
71. Persistent discrimination, II , p. 1942.
72. Enforcement of ss. 38 to 40, II, p. 1942.
73. Preliminary action in employment cases, II, p. 1943 .
Helpfor persons suffering discrimination
74. Help for aggrieved persons in obtaining information etc., II, p. 1944.
75. Assistance by Commission, II , p. 1945 .
Period within which proceedings to be brought
76. Period within which proceedings to be brought, II, p. 1946.
PART VIII
SUPPLEMENTAL
77. Validity and revision of contracts, II, р. 1947.
78. Educational Charities in England and Wales, II, p. 1948.
79. Educational endowments etc. to which Part VI of the Education ( Scotland) Act
1962 applies, II , p. 1949.
80. Power to amend certain provisions of Act, II , p. 1956.
81. Orders, II, p. 1950.
82. General interpretation provisions, II, p. 1951 .
83, and schedules 4, 5, 6. Transitional and commencement provisions, amendments
and repeals, II, pp. 1954, 1973 .
84. Financial provisions, II, p. 1955 .
85. Application to Crown, II, p. 1955.
86. Government appointments outside section 6, II, p. 1956.
87. Short title and extent, II, p. 1957.
Schedule 1. Equal Pay Act 1970, II, p. 1958.
Schedule 2 .
Transitional exemption orders for educational admissions, II, p. 1968.
Schedule 3 .
Equal Opportunities Commission, II, p. 1969.
Schedule 4.
Transitional provisions, II, p. 1973.
Schedule 5.
Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1974.
Schedule 6.
Further repeals, II, p . 1975.
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT: с. 14... I, p. 299
PART I
CONTRIBUTIONS
Preliminary
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Outline of contributory system, I, pp. 299, 437.
2. Categories of earners, I , p. 301 .
3. " Earnings ", I, p. 302.
cdx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT-continued
Thefour classes of contributions
4. Class 1 contributions (incidence), I, p. 302.
5. Class 1 standard and reduced rates, I, p. 303.
6. Class 1 exemptions, I, p. 304.
7. Class 2 contributions, I, p. 304.
8. Class 3 contributions, I, p. 305.
9 , and schedule 2. Class 4contributions recoverable under Tax Acts, I, pp. 306, 441 .
10. Class 4 contributions recoverable under regulations , I, p. 308.
11. General power to regulate liability for contributions, I, p. 309.
PART II
BENEFIT AND ITS ADMINISTRATION
CHAPTER I : CONTRIBUTORY BENEFITS
Preliminary
12 , Descriptions of contributory benefits, I, p. 309.
13, and schedule 3. Contribution conditions and the earnings factor, I, pp. 310, 444.
Benefitsfor unemployment, sickness and invalidity
14 , and schedules 4,
5, 6. Unemployment benefit and sickness benefit, I, pp. 312, 450.
15, and schedule 4.
Invalidity pension, I, pp. 314, 450.
16 , and schedule 4.
Invalidity allowance, I, pp. 316, 450.
17 , and schedule 4.
Determination of days for which benefit is payable, I, pp. 316,
450.
18, and schedule 4.
19, and schedule 4.
20 , and schedule 4 .
Duration of unemployment benefit, I, pp. 318, 450.
Loss of employment due to stoppage of work, I, pp. 318, 450.
Other disqualifications, etc. , I, pp. 319, 450.
Maternity
21, and schedule 4. Maternity grant, I, pp. 321, 450.
22 , and schedules 4, 6. Maternity allowance, I, pp. 322, 450.
23, and schedule 4. Supplementary provisions as to maternity benefit, I, pp. 324, 450.
Widowhood
24 , and schedules 4,
6. Widow's allowance, I, pp. 324, 450.
25, and schedule 4.
Widowed mother's allowance, I, pp. 325, 450.
26 , and schedule 4.
Widow's pension, I, pp. 326, 450.
Retirement pensions (Categories A and B )
27 , and schedule 4.
28, and schedules 4,
29, and schedule 4.
30 , and schedule 4.
Matters affecting entitlement to pension, I, pp. 326, 450.
7. Category A retirement pension, I , pp. 327, 450.
Category B retirement pension, I, pp. 329, 450.
Category A and B pensions (supplementary), I, pp. 332, 450.
Other benefits
31, and schedule 4. Child's special allowance, I, pp. 333, 450.
32, and schedule 4. Death grant, I, pp. 334, 450.
Supplementary
33, and schedule 4. Partial satisfaction of contribution conditions, I, pp. 335, 450.
34, and schedule 4.
35, and schedule 4.
36, and schedule 4.
37, and schedule 4.
38, and schedule 4.
39, and schedule 4.
40, and schedule 4.
CHAPTER II : NON-CONTRIBUTORY BENEFITS
Descriptions of non-contributory benefits, I, pp. 336, 450.
Attendance allowance, I, pp. 336, 450.
Non- contributory invalidity pension, I, pp. 338, 450.
Invalid care allowance, I, pp. 339, 450.
Guardian's allowance, I, pp. 340, 450.
Retirement benefits for the aged, I, pp. 342, 450.
Age addition, I , pp. 343, 450.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdxi
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT-continued
41, and schedule 4.
42 , and schedule 4.
450.
43, and schedule 4.
44, and schedule 4.
450.
45, and schedule 4.
46 , and schedule 4.
47, and schedule 4.
48 , and schedule 4.
CHAPTER III : INCREASES FOR DEPENDANTS
Childdependants
Beneficiary's dependent children, I, pp. 343, 450.
Additional provisions as to increase under section 41, I, pp. 344,
Limits of increase for dependent children, I, pp. 345, 450.
Adultdependants
Short term benefit : increase for adult dependants, I, pp. 346,
Pension increase ( wife ), I, pp. 347, 450 .
Pension increase (female with care of children), I, pp. 348, 450.
Invalidity pension (dependant relative), I, pp. 349, 450.
Pension increases supplementary provisions, I, pp. 349, 450.
49 , and schedule 4. Increase ofcertain non-contributory benefits
Beneficiaries under sections 36 and 37, I, pp. 350, 450.
CHAPTER IV: BENEFIT FOR INDUSTRIAL INJURIES
General provisions as to benefit
50. Descriptions of industrial injuries benefits , I, p. 350.
51. Relevant employments, I, p. 351 .
52. Earner acting in breach of regulations , etc. , I, p. 351 .
53. Earner travelling in employer's transport, I, p. 352.
54. Accidents happening while meeting emergency, I, p. 352.
55. Accident caused by another's misconduct, etc., I, p. 352.
56 , and schedule 4. Injury benefit
Injury benefit, I, pp. 353, 450.
Disablement benefit
57, and schedules 4,
8. Disablement gratuity and pension, I, pp. 353, 450, 457.
58, and schedule 4.
Unemployability supplement, I, pp. 354, 450.
59, and schedule 4.
Increase of unemployability supplement, I, pp. 355, 450.
60, and schedule 4.
Increase of disablement pension for special hardship, I, pp. 355,
450.
61 , and schedule 4 .
Increase where constant attendance needed, I , pp. 357, 450.
62 , and schedule 4.
Increase during hospital treatment, I, pp. 357, 450.
63, and schedule 4.
Increase for exceptionally severe disablement, I, pp. 357, 450.
64 , and schedule 4.
65 , and schedule 4.
450.
66 , and schedule 4.
Increases for dependants
Beneficiary's dependent children, I, pp. 358, 450.
Additional provisions as to increase under section 64, I, pp. 359,
Adult dependants, I, pp. 359, 450.
Industrial death benefit
67 , and schedule 4.
Widow's benefit (entitlement ) , I, pp. 361 , 450.
68, and schedule 4.
Widow's benefit (rate), I, pp. 361, 450.
69, and schedule 4.
Widower's benefit (entitlement and rate), I, pp. 362, 450.
70 , and schedules 4, 9.
Children of deceased's family, I, pp. 362, 450, 459.
71, and schedule 4. Parents, I, pp. 363, 450.
72 , and schedules 4, 9.
Relatives, I, pp. 364, 450, 459.
73, and schedules 4, 9.
Woman having care of deceased's children, I, pp. 365, 450,
459.
74 , and schedule 4.
Beneficiary previously maintained by deceased, I, pp. 366, 450.
75, and schedule 4.
Death of person with constant attendance allowance, I, pp. 367,450 .
cdxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT-continued
CHAPTER V: INDUSTRIAL DISEASES, AND INJURIES NOT WITHIN CHAPTER IV
76. Benefit in respect of industrial disease, etc. , I, p. 367.
77. General provisions as to benefit under section 76, I, p. 368.
78. Respiratory diseases, I, p. 369.
CHAPTER VI: ADMINISTRATION OF BENEFIT
Provisions relating to benefit under Chapters I to V
79. Claims and awards, I, p. 369.
80. Claims in the alternative, I, p. 371 .
81. Payment, I, p. 371 .
82. Disqualification and suspension, I, p. 373.
83. Disqualifications disregarded for certain purposes, I, p. 374.
84. Persons maintaining dependants, etc. , I, p. 374.
85. Overlapping benefits, I, p. 375.
86. Set-off of overpayments, I, p. 376 .
87. Benefit to be inalienable, I, p. 377.
Provisions relating to industrial injuries benefit only
88. Notification of accidents, etc. , I, p. 378.
89. Medical examination and treatment, I, p. 378.
90. Obligations of claimants, I, p. 378.
91, and schedule 4. Adjustments for successive accidents, I, pp. 379, 450.
Supplementary
92. Benefit forgone for unabated sick pay, I , p. 380.
PART III
DETERMINATION OF CLAIMS AND QUESTIONS
Adjudication by Secretary ofState
93. Principal questions for Secretary of State, I, p. 381 .
94. Appeal on question of law, I, p. 382.
95. Other questions for Secretary of State, I, p. 382.
96. Review of decisions under sections 93, 95, I, p. 383.
Adjudication by insurance officers, local tribunals and Commissioners
97, and schedule 10. Adjudicating officials and bodies, I, pp. 383, 462.
98. Claims and questions to be submitted to insurance officer, I, p. 384.
99. Decision of insurance officer, I, p. 384.
100. Appeal to local tribunal, I, p. 385.
101. Appeal from local tribunal to Commissioner, I, p. 386.
102. Questions first arising on appeal, I, p. 387.
103. Reference of special questions, I, p. 387.
104. Review of decisions, I, p. 388.
Adjudication in relation to attendance allowance
105, and schedule 11. Attendance Allowance Board, I, pp. 389, 465.
106. Review of , and appeal from, Board's decision, I, p. 389.
107. Declaration that accident is an industrial accident, I, p. 390.
108, and schedule 12. Disablement questions , I, pp. 391 , 467.
109. Medical appeals and references, I, p. 391.
110. Review of medical decisions, I, p. 392.
111. Reference to single doctor, I, p. 393.
112. Appeal, etc. , on question of law to Commissioner, I, p. 393.
113. Adjudication as to industrial diseases, I, p. 394.
Adjudication generally
114. Regulations as to determination of questions, I, p. 395.
115 , and schedule 13. Procedure, I, pp. 396, 468.
116. Tribunal of 3 Commissioners, I, p. 396.
117. Finality of decisions, I, p. 397.
118. Questions as to child or family, I, p. 398.
119. Effect of adjudication on payment and recovery, I, p. 399.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdxiii
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT-continued
PART IV
GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO OPERATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THIS ACT
Review and re- rating ofcontributions
120. Annual review of contributions, I, p. 400.
121. Orders under section 120 (supplementary), I, p. 402.
122. Additional power to alter contributions, I, p. 402.
123. Orders under section 122 ( supplementary), I, p. 403.
Up- rating ofbenefits
124. Power to increase rates of benefit, I, p. 404.
125. Duty to increase certain benefits, I, p. 404.
126 , and schedule 14. Supplementary provisions as to up-rating, I, pp. 405, 469.
Special classes ofearners
127. Crown employment, I, p. 406.
128. Her Majesty's forces, I, p. 406.
129. Mariners, airmen, etc., I, p. 407.
130. Married women and widows, I, p. 408.
131. Persons outside Great Britain, I, p. 409.
132. Employment at sea (continental shelf operations), I, p. 409.
Finance
133. National Insurance Fund, I, p. 409.
134. 135. Destination of contributions and Treasury supplements, I, p. 410.
General financial arrangements, I, p. 412.
136. Payments for purposes of section 92, I, p. 413.
137. Financial review and report, I, p. 414.
138, and schedule 15. National Insurance Advisory Committee, I, pp. 414, 470.
Advisory bodies
139, and schedule 15.
Committee to be consulted as to regulations, I, pp. 415, 470.
140. Advisory functions in relation to attendance allowance, I, p. 416.
141, and schedule 16. Industrial Injuries Advisory Council, I, pp. 416, 472.
Social security systems outside Great Britain
142, and schedule 17. Co-ordination with Northern Ireland, I, pp. 416, 473.
143. Reciprocity with other countries, I, p. 417.
Enforcement
144. Appointment and powers of inspectors, I, p. 418.
145. Duty to submit to inspection, I, p. 419.
146. Offences and penalties, I, p. 420.
147. General provisions as to prosecutions, I, p. 421 .
148. Questions arising in proceedings, I, p. 422.
Unpaid contributions
149. Evidence of non- payment, I, p. 423 .
150. Recovery on prosecution, I, p. 424.
151. Proof of previous offences , I, p. 424.
152. Provisions supplementary to sections, 150, 151, I, p. 425.
153, and schedule 18. Priority in bankruptcy, etc. , I, pp. 426, 474.
Matters particularly relating to industrial injuries, etc.
154. Research on industrial injuries, etc., I, p. 427.
155. Control of pneumoconiosis, I, p. 427.
156. Accidents in course of illegal employment, I, p. 428.
157. Persons treated as employers for certain purposes, I, p. 429.
158, and schedule 19. Supplementary schemes, I, pp. 429, 475.
159. Payments for pre-1948 cases, I, p. 429.
Other administrative provisions
160. Provisions relating to age, death and marriage, I, p. 431 .
161. Furnishing of addresses for maintenance proceedings, etc., I, p. 432.
162. Treatment of certain marriages, I, p. 432.
163. Exemption from stamp duty, I, p. 432.
164. Disclosure of information by Inland Revenue, I, p. 433.
165. Deputy Government Actuary, I, p. 433.
cdxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT-continued
PART V
GENERAL
166. Orders and regulations (general provisions), I, p. 433.
167. Parliamentary control of orders and regulations, I, p. 435.
168, and schedule 20. Interpretation, I, pp. 435, 478.
169. Citation, extent and commencement, I, p. 436.
Schedulesfor Part I
Schedule Schedule 1. 2. Supplementary provisions relating to contributions of Classes 1, 2and 3,
I, p. 437.
Levy ofClass 4 contributions with income tax, I, p. 441 .
Schedules for Part II
Schedule 3. Contribution conditions for entitlement to benefit, I, p. 444.
Schedule 4.
Schedule 5. Rates of benefits, grants and increases for dependants, I, p. 450.
Meaning of " unemployability supplement or allowance " , I , p. 454.
Schedule 6. Earnings- related supplement and addition, I, p. 455.
Schedule 7. Method of treating deceased husband's contributions as those of his
widow, so as to entitle her to Category A retirement pension , I,
p. 456.
Schedule 8. Schedule 9. Assessment of extent of disablement, I, p. 457.
Limits of entitlement to industrial death benefit, I, p. 459.
Schedules for Part III
Schedule 10. Schedule 11 . Schedule 12. Schedule 13. Supplementary provisions as to local tribunals, Commissioners, etc., I,
p. 462.
Attendance Allowance Board, I, p. 465.
Medical boards and medical appeal tribunals, I, p. 467.
Provision which may be made by procedure regulations, I, p. 468.
Schedules for Part IV
Schedule 14. Provisions applicable on alteration of benefit rates, I, p. 469.
Schedule 15. National Insurance Advisory Committee, I, p. 470.
Schedule 16. Industrial Injuries Advisory Council, I, p. 472 .
Schedule 17. Authority
Constitution, etc., of Joint Authority for Great Britain and Northern
Ireland, I, p. 473.
Schedule 18. Priority of debts in cases of personal and company insolvency, I, p. 474.
Schedule 19. Supplementary schemes, I, p. 475.
Schedule for Part V
Schedule 20. Glossary of expressions, I, p. 478.
SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS ACT: c. 11... ... ... ... I, p. 267
Basic scheme and industrial injury benefits
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Rates of basic scheme benefits, I, pp. 267, 280.
2 , and schedule 2. Rates of benefit in respect of industrial injuries and diseases,
I, pp. 268, 282.
3. Power to increase rates of benefit, I, p. 269.
4. Duty to increase rates of certain benefits, I, p. 270.
5. Additional basic scheme benefits , I, p. 271 .
6. Non-contributory invalidity pension, I, p. 272.
7. Invalid care allowance, I, p. 273.
8. Minor amendments, I, p. 275 .
Family allowances
9. Increase of family allowances, I, p. 277.
10. Recovery of family allowances, I, p. 278.
Supplementary benefit
11, and schedule 3. Amount of benefit and calculation of resources, I, pp. 278, 284.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdxv
SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS ACT -continued
General
12. Financial provisions, I, p. 278.
13, andschedule4. Northern Ireland , I , pp. 278, 288.
14, and schedules 5, 6. Short title, citation , interpretation, commencement and
repeals, I, pp. 278, 290.
Schedule 1. Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 4 to Social Security Act 1973,
I, p. 280.
Schedule 2. Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 3 to National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, I, p. 282.
Schedule 3. Amendments of Parts I and III of Schedule 2 to Supplementary
Benefit Act 1966, I, p. 284.
Schedule 4. Application to Northern Ireland, I, p. 288.
Schedule 5. Commencement and transitional provisions, I, p. 290.
Schedule 6. Repeals, I, p. 292.
SOCIAL SECURITY (CONSEQUENTIAL PROVISIONS ) ACT: c. 18
..
§ 1 , and schedules 1, 2. Repeals; amendments of statute book, I, pp. 683, 688.
2 , and schedule 3. Transitional provisions and savings, I, pp. 684, 719.
3. Entry into force of consolidations and this Act, I, p. 685.
4 , and schedule 3. Interpretation, I, pp. 686, 719.
5. Extent, I, p. 687.
6. Citation, I, p. 687.
Schedule 1. Repeals, I, p. 688 .
Schedule 2. Consequential amendments of enactments, I, p. 695.
Schedule 3. Transitional provisions and savings, I, p. 719.
I, p. 683
SOCIAL SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND) Aст: с. 15... I, p. 485
PART I
CONTRIBUTIONS
Preliminary
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Outline of contributory system, I, pp. 485, 612.
2. Categories of earners, I, p. 487.
3. " Earnings " , I, p. 488 .
Thefour classes ofcontributions
4. Class 1 contributions (incidence ), I, p. 488.
5. Class 1 standard and reduced rates, I, p. 489.
6. Class 1 exemptions, I, p. 490.
7. Class 2 contributions, I, p. 490.
8. Class 3 contributions, I, p. 491.
9 , and schedule 2. Class 4contributions recoverable under Tax Acts, I, pp. 492, 616.
10. Class 4 contributions recoverable under regulations, I, p. 494.
11. General power to regulate liability for contributions, I, p. 494.
PART II
BENEFIT AND ITS ADMINISTRATION
CHAPTER I : CONTRIBUTORY BENEFITS
Preliminary
12. Descriptions of contributory benefits, I, p. 495.
13, and schedule 3. Contribution conditions and the earnings factor, I, pp. 496, 619.
Benefits for unemployment, sickness and invalidity
14 , and schedules 4, 5, 6. Unemployment benefit and sickness benefit, I, pp. 498, 624.
15 , and schedule 4. Invalidity pension, I, pp. 500, 624.
cdxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND) Act -continued
16, and schedule 4.
Invalidity allowance, I, pp. 501, 624.
17 , and schedule 4.
Determination of days for which benefit is payable, I, pp. 502, 624.
18, and schedule 4.
Duration of unemployment benefit, I, pp. 504, 624 .
19, Loss of employment due to stoppage of work, I, pp. 504, 624.
20, and schedule 4. Other disqualifications, etc. , I, pp. 505, 624.
Maternity
21 , and schedule 4.
Maternity grant, I, pp. 507, 624.
22, and schedules 4, 6. Maternity allowance, I, pp. 508, 624.
23, and schedule 4.
Supplementary provisions as to maternity benefit, I, pp. 509, 624.
Widowhood
24 , and schedules 4 ,
25 , and schedule 4.
26 , and schedule 4.
6. Widow's allowance, I, pp. 510, 624, 630.
Widowed mother's allowance, I, pp. 510, 624.
Widow's pension, I, pp. 511 , 624.
Retirement pensions (Categories Aand B )
27, and schedule 4 .
28, and schedules 4,
29 , and schedule 4.
30, and schedule 4 .
Matters affecting entitlement to pension, I, pp. 512 , 624.
7. Category Aretirement pension, I, pp. 513, 624, 631.
Category B retirement pension, I, pp. 515, 624.
Category A and B pensions (supplementary ), I, pp. 517, 624.
Otherbenefits
31, and schedule 4. 32, and schedule 4. Child's special allowance, I, pp. 519, 624.
Death grant, I, pp. 519, 624.
Supplementary
33, and schedule 4. Partial satisfaction of contribution conditions, I, pp. 521, 624.
CHAPTER II : NON-CONTRIBUTORY BENEFITS
34 , and schedule 4.
35, and schedule 4.
36, and schedule 4.
37, and schedule 4.
38, and schedule 4.
39, and schedule 4.
40, and schedule 4.
Descriptions of non-contributory benefits, I, pp. 521, 624.
Attendance allowance, I, pp. 522, 624.
Non-contributory invalidity pension, I, pp. 524, 624.
Invalid care allowance, I, pp. 525, 624.
Guardian's allowance, I, pp. 526, 624.
Retirement benefits for the aged, I, pp. 527, 624.
Age addition, I, pp. 528, 624.
CHAPTER III : INCREASES FOR DEPENDANTS
Childdependants
41 ,andschedule4 .
42 , and schedule 4.
624 .
43, and schedule 4.
Beneficiary's y's dependent children, I, pp. 529, 624.
Additional provisions as to increase under section 41, I, pp. 530,
Limits of increase for dependent children, I, pp. 531 , 624.
Adultdependants
44 , andschedule4.
Short term benefit: increase for adult dependants, I, pp. 532, 624.
45 , and schedule 4.
Pension increase ( wife), I, pp. 533, 624.
46 , and schedule 4.
Pension increase ( female with care of children), I, pp. 534, 624.
47 , and schedule 4.
Invalidity pension (dependent relative ), I, pp. 535, 624.
48, and schedule 4.
Pension increases : supplementary provisions, I, pp. 535, 624.
Increase ofcertain non-contributory benefits
49 , and schedule 4. Beneficiaries under sections 36 and 37, I, pp. 536, 624.
CHAPTER IV: BENEFIT FOR INDUSTRIAL INJURIES
Generalprovisions as to benefit
50. 51. 52. 53. Descriptions of industrial injuries benefits, I, p. 536, 624.
Relevant employments, I, p. 537, 624.
Earner acting in breach of regulations, etc. , I, p. 537, 624.
Earner travelling in employer's transport, I, p. 537, 624.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND) ACT -continued
cdxvii
54. Accidents happening while meeting emergency, I, p. 538.
55. Accident caused by another's misconduct, etc., I, p. 538.
Injury benefit
56 , and schedule 4. Injury benefit, I, pp. 538, 624.
Disablement benefit
57 , and schedules 4 , 8. Disablement gratuity and pension, I, pp. 539, 624, 632.
58, and schedule 4.
Unemployability supplement, I, pp. 540 , 624.
59 , andschedule 4.
Increase ofunemployability supplement, I, pp. 540, 624.
60 , and schedule 4 .
624 .
Increase of disablement pension for special hardship, I, pp. 541 ,
61, and schedule 4.
Increase where constant attendance needed, I, pp. 542, 624.
62 , and schedule 4.
Increase during hospital treatment, I, pp. 543, 624.
63, and schedule 4.
Increase for exceptionally severe disablement, I, pp. 543, 624.
Increasesfor dependants
64 , and schedule 4.
Beneficiary's dependent children , I, pp. 544 , 624 .
65 , and schedule 4.
624 .
Additional provisions as to increase under section 64, I, pp. 545,
66, and schedule 4.
Adult dependants, I, pp. 545, 624.
Industrial death benefit
67 , and schedule 4.
Widow's benefit ( entitlement ), I, pp. 547, 624.
68, and schedule 4.
Widow's benefit (rate ), I, pp. 548, 624 .
69 ,andschedule 4 .
Widower's benefit ( entitlement and rate ), I, pp. 548, 624.
70 , and schedules 4,
71, and schedule 4.
9 . Parents, I, pp. 549, 624.
Children of deceased's family , I, pp. 548 , 624, 634 .
72, and schedules 4, 9.
73, and schedules4, 9. Womanhaving care ofdeceased's children, I, pp. 552, 624, 634.
Relatives, I, pp. 550, 624, 634.
74 , and schedule 4.
Beneficiary previously maintained by deceased, I, pp. 553, 624.
75 , and schedule 4.
Death of person with constant attendance allowance, I, pp. 553,
624 .
76. 77. 78. CHAPTER V: INDUSTRIAL DISEASES, AND
INJURIES NOT WITHIN CHAPTER IV
Benefit in respect of industrial disease, etc. , I, p. 554.
General provisions as to benefit under section 76, I, p. 554.
Respiratory diseases, I, p. 555.
CHAPTER VI : ADMINISTRATION OF BENEFIT
Provisions relating to benefit under Chapters I to V
79. Claims and awards, I, p. 556.
80. Claims in the alternative, I, p. 557.
81. Payment, I, p. 557.
82. Disqualification and suspension, I, p. 559.
83. Disqualifications disregarded for certain purposes, I, p. 560.
84. Persons maintaining dependants, etc., I, p. 560.
85. Overlapping benefits, I , p. 562.
86. Set-off of overpayments, I, p. 562.
87. Benefit to be inalienable, I, p. 563 .
Provisions relating to industrial injuries benefit only
88. Notification of accidents , etc. , I, p. 564.
89. Medical examination and treatment, I, p. 564.
90. Obligations of claimants, I, p. 565.
91, and schedule 4. Adjustments for successive accidents, I, pp. 566, 624.
Supplementary
92. Benefit forgone for unabated sick pay, I, 566.
cdxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY ( NORTHERN IRELAND) ACT -continued
PART III
DETERMINATION OF CLAIMS AND QUESTIONS
Adjudication by Department
93. Principal questions for Department, I, p. 567.
94. Appeal on questionoflaw , I, p. 568.
95.
Other questions for Department, I , p.
p. 568.
96. Review ofdecisions under sections 93, 95, I, p. 569.
Adjudication by insurance officers, local tribunals and Commissioners
97, and schedule 10. Adjudicating officials and bodies, I, pp. 569, 637.
98. Claims and questions to be submitted to insurance officer, I, p. 570.
99. Decision of insurance officer, I , p. 570.
100. Appeal to local tribunal, I, p. 571 .
101. Appeal from local tribunal to Commissioner, I, p. 571 .
102. Questions first arising on appeal, I, p. 572.
103. Reference of special questions, I, p. 573.
104. Review of decisions , I, p. 573.
Adjudication in relation to attendance allowance
105, and schedule 11. Attendance Allowance Board for Northern Ireland, I, pp. 574,
641.
106. Review of , and appeal from, Board's decision, I, p. 575.
Adjudication in relation to industrial injuries, etc.
107. Declaration that accident is an industrial accident, I, p. 575.
108, and schedule 12. Disablement questions, I, pp. 576, 643.
109. Medical appeals and references , I, p. 577.
110. Review of medical decisions, I, p. 577.
111. Reference to single doctor, I, p. 578.
112. Effect of doctor's decision, I, p. 579.
113. Adjudication as to industrial diseases, I, p. 579.
Adjudication generally
114. Regulations as to determination of questions, I, p. 580.
115, and schedule 13. Procedure, I, pp. 581, 644.
116. Tribunal of 2 or 3 Commissioners, I, p. 581 .
117. Finality of decisions, I, p. 581 .
118. Questions as to child or family, I, p. 583.
119. Effect of adjudication on payment and recovery, I, p. 583.
PART IV
GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO OPERATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THIS ACT
Re-rating ofcontributions and up-rating ofbenefits
120. Amendments following alterations in Great Britain, I, p. 585.
121, and schedule 14. Supplementary provisions as to up- rating, I, pp. 585, 645.
Special classes ofearners
122. Crown employment, I, p. 585.
123. Her Majesty's forces, I, p. 585.
124. Mariners, airmen, etc., I, p. 586.
125. Married women and widows, I, p. 587.
126. Persons outside Northern Ireland, I, p. 587.
Finance
127. National Insurance Fund, I, p. 587.
128. Destination of contributions and supplements, I, p. 588.
129. General financial arrangements, I, p. 590.
130. Payments for purposes of section 92, I , p. 591 .
131. Payments for purposes of vocational training, etc. , I, p. 592.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND) ACT -continued
cdxix
Advice
132. Advisory functions in relation to attendance allowance, I, p. 592.
Social security systems outside Northern Ireland
133. Co-ordination with Great Britain, I, p. 593 .
134. Reciprocity with other countries, I, p. 593.
Enforcement
135. Appointment and powers of inspectors, I, p. 594.
136. Duty to submit to inspection, I, p. 595.
137. Offences and penalties, I, p. 596.
138. General provisions as to prosecutions, I, p. 597.
139. Questions arising in proceedings, I, p. 598.
Unpaid contributions
140. Evidence of non-payment, I, p. 599.
141. Recovery on prosecution, I, p. 599.
142. Proof of previous offences , I, p. 600.
143. Provisions supplementary to sections 141, 142, I, p. 601 .
144 , and schedule 15. Priority in bankruptcy, etc., I, pp. 601, 646.
Matters particularly relating to industrial injuries, etc.
145. Research on industrial injuries, etc. , I, p. 602.
146. Control of pneumoconiosis, I, p. 602.
147. Accidents in course of illegal employment, I, p. 603.
148. Persons treated as employers for certain purposes, I, p. 604.
149, and schedule 16. Supplementary schemes, I, pp. 604, 647.
150. Payments for pre -1948 cases, I, p. 604.
Other administrative provisions
151. 152. 153. 154. Furnishing of addresses for maintenance proceedings, etc. , I, p. 606.
Treatment of certain marriages, I, p. 606.
Exemption from stamp duty, I, p. 607.
Disclosure of information by Inland Revenue, I, p. 607.
PART V
GENERAL
155. Orders and regulations (general provisions), I, p. 607.
156. Orders and regulations (control by Northern Ireland Assembly), I, p. 609.
157, and schedule 17. Interpretation, I, pp. 610, 650.
158. Citation, extent and commencement, I, p. 611 .
Schedules for Part I
Schedule 1. Schedule Supplementary provisions relating to contributions ofClasses 1, 2and 3,
I, p. 612.
2. Schedule 2to the Social Security Act 1975 : Levy of Class 4 contributions
with income tax, I, p. 616.
Schedules for Part II
Schedule 3. Contribution conditions for entitlement to benefit , I , p. 619.
Schedule 4. Rates of benefits, grants and increases for dependants, I, p. 624.
Schedule 5. Meaning of " unemployability supplement or allowance ", I , p. 629.
Schedule 6. Earnings- related supplement and addition, I, p. 630.
Schedule 7. Method of treating deceased husband's contributions as those of his
widow, so as to entitle her to Category A retirement pension, I,
Schedule 8.
Schedule 9. p. 631 .
Assessment of extent of disablement, I, p. 632.
Limits of entitlement to industrial death benefit, I, p. 634.
cdxx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY (NORTHERN IRELAND ) ACT -continued
Schedules for Part III
Schedule 10. Supplementary provisions as to local tribunals, Commissioners, etc. ,
I, p. 637.
Schedule 11 . Attendance Allowance Board for Northern Ireland, I, p. 641 .
Schedule 12.
Schedule 13 . Medical boards and medical appeal tribunals, I, p. 643.
Provision which may be made by procedure regulations, I, p. 644.
Schedules for Part IV
Schedule 14. Provisions applicable on alteration of benefit rates, I, p. 645.
Schedule 15. Priority of debts in cases of personal and company insolvency, I, p. 646.
Schedule 16. Supplementary schemes, I, p. 647.
Schedule for Part V
Schedule 17. Glossary of expressions, I, p. 650.
SOCIAL SECURITY PENSIONS ACT: с. 60... ... II, p. 1695
PART I
CONTRIBUTIONS
§ 1. Earnings limits, II, p. 1695.
2. Rates of contributions in respect of employed earners, II, p. 1696.
3. Married women and widows, II, p. 1696.
4. Persons over pensionable age, II, p. 1697.
5. Voluntary contributions , II, p. 1697.
PART II
BENEFITS
Category A and B retirement pensions
6. Rate of Category A retirement pension, II, p. 1698.
7. Rate of widow's Category B retirement pension, II, p. 1699.
8. Category B retirement pension for widower, II , p. 1699.
9. Special provision for surviving spouses, II , p. 1700.
10. Special provision for married women, II, p. 1700.
11. Application of earnings rule, II, p. 1700.
12, and schedule 1. Deferred retirement, II, pp. 1700, 1754.
Widow's benefit
13. Rate of widowed mother's allowance and widow's pension, II, p. 1701 .
Invalidity benefit and disablement pension
14. Rate of invalidity pension for persons under pensionable age, II, p. 1701 .
15. Invalidity pension for widows, II, p. 1701 .
16. Invalidity pension for widowers, II, p. 1703.
17. Invalidity allowance and disablement pension, II, p. 1704.
Unemployment and sickness benefit
18. Rate of unemployment and sickness benefit for persons under pensionable age
II, p. 1704.
Contribution conditions and earnings factors
19. Contribution conditions for retirement pensions, widowed mother's allowance
and widow's pension, II, p. 1704.
20. Use of former spouse's contributions, II, p. 1705.
21. Revaluation of earnings factors, II, p. 1706.
Supplementary
22. Mobility allowance, II, p. 1707.
23. Increase of long-term benefits, II, p. 1709.
24. Power to modify provisions about graduated retirement benefit, II, p. 1710.
25. Simultaneous entitlement to more than one pension, II, p. 1710.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cdxxi
SOCIAL SECURITY PENSIONS ACT -continued
PART III
CONTRACTING-OUT
Preliminary
26. Contracting-out of full contributions and benefits , II , p. 1711 .
Contracted-out rates ofcontributions and benefits
27. Contracted-out rates of Class 1 contributions, II, p. 1711 .
28. Review and alteration ofcontracted-out rates ofClass 1 contributions, II , p. 1712
29. Contracted -out rates of benefit, II, p. 1713.
Arrangements for contracting-out
30. Contracted-out employment, II, p. 1714.
31. Contracting -out certificates , II, p. 1715.
32. Contracted-out schemes, II, p. 1716.
Requirements for contracting- out
33. Requisite benefit for earner, II, p. 1717.
34. Annual rate of earner's pension, II, p. 1718.
35. Earner's guaranteed minimum, II, p. 1720.
36. Requisite benefit for widow, II, p. 1722.
37. Earner's salary as factor of widow's pension, II, p. 1723 .
38. Transfer of accrued rights, II, p. 1725.
39. Commutation, surrender and forfeiture, II, p. 1726.
40. Financing and assurance of benefits, II, p. 1726.
41. Sufficiency of resources, II , p. 1727.
State scheme premiums
42. Premium on termination of contracted-out employment, II, p. 1729.
43. Premium under section 42 : additional provisions, II , p. 1730.
44. Premium on termination of contracted - out scheme, II, p. 1731.
45. Premium where guaranteed minimum pension excluded from full revaluation,
II, p. 1732.
46. Provisions as to actuarial tables , II, p. 1733.
47. Deduction of premium from refund of contributions, II, p. 1734.
Supplementary
48. Guaranteed minimum pensions to be inalienable, II, p. 1737.
49. Supervision of schemes which have ceased to be contracted-out, II, p. 1737.
50. Alteration of rules of contracted-out schemes, II, p. 1739.
51. Information as to guaranteed minimum pensions, II, p. 1739.
52, and schedule 2. Contracting-out regulations, II, pp. 1739, 1756.
PART IV
OCCUPATIONAL PENSIONS
Equal access to occupational pension schemes
53. Equal access requirements, II, p. 1740.
54. Duty to bring schemes into conformity with equal access requirements, II,
p. 1741.
55. Determination of questions whether scheme conforms with equal access require-
ments, II, p. 1741 .
56. Modification of schemes to secure conformity, II, p. 1742.
Other provisions
57. Disclosure of information by Occupational Pensions Board, II, p. 1743 .
58, and schedule 3. Priority in bankruptcy, etc. , II, pp. 1743, 1760.
59. Increase of official pensions, II , p. 1744.
cdxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SOCIAL SECURITY PENSIONS ACT-continued
PART V
GENERAL
60. Determination of questions, II, p. 1745.
61 . Consultation aboutregulations.
regulations, II, p . 1746.
62 . Other provisions about regulations and orders, II, p. 1747.
63. Transitional provisions, II, p. 1748.
64. Expenses and receipts, II, p. 1749.
65, and schedules 4, 5. Amendments of enactments ; repeals, II, pp. 1749, 1762.
66. Interpretation, II, p. 1750.
67. Commencement, II, p. 1752.
68. Short title, citation and extent, II, p. 1752.
Schedule 1. Deferred retirement, II, p. 1754.
Schedule 2. Contracting-out regulations, II, p. 1756.
Schedule 3. Priority in bankruptcy, etc., II , p. 1760.
Schedule 4. Amendments of enactments, II, p. 1762.
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1771 .
SPIRITS, duties on. See FINANCE (No. 2) Аст (с. 45 ) .
STATUTE LAW (REPEALS) ACт: с. 10... ... ... ... I , p. 249
§ 1 , and schedule. Repeal of enactments and supplementary provisions, I, pp. 249,
251.
2. Citation and extent, I, p. 250.
Schedule, I, p. 251 .
STATUTORY CORPORATIONS (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) ACT: с. 55... II, p. 1613
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Compensation to nationalised industries for losses due to price
restraint, II , pp. 1613, 1618.
2. Provisions supplementary to section 1, II, p. 1615.
3. Borrowing powers of British Steel Corporation, II, p. 1615 .
4. Borrowing powers of National Bus Company, II, p. 1615.
5 , and schedule 2. Miscellaneous provisions as to borrowing in public sector, II,
pp. 1616, 1618.
6 , and schedule 3. Consultative and Consumers' Councils ( electricity and gas), II,
pp. 1616, 1618.
7 , and schedule 4. Supplementary provisions, II, pp. 1617, 1621.
8. Citation, II, p . 1617.
Schedule 1. Bodies corporate which may be compensated for loss, II, p. 1618.
Schedule 2. Bodies corporate affected by section 5 as to their power to borrow in
currencies other than sterling, II, p. 1618.
Schedule 3. Consultative and Consumers ' Councils, II, p. 1618.
Schedule 4. Consequential amendment of enactments, II, p. 1621 .
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1624.
SUPPLY POWERS ACT: с. 9... .. ... I, p. 241
§ 1. General powers of Secretary of State, I, p. 241 .
2, and schedule 1. Application to Secretary of State of Defence Acts and other
enactments, I, pp. 241 , 241, 247.
3. Payments by Secretary of State for creation of reserves, I, p. 242.
4. Power of Secretary of State to require returns of stocks, etc. , I, p. 243.
5. Disclosure of information, I, p. 244.
6. Offences and penalties , I, p. 244.
7. Interpretation, I, p. 245.
8, and schedule 2. Repeals, revocations , consequential amendments and savings
9. I, pp. 246, 247 .
Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 246.
Schedule 1. Enactments applicable to the Secretary of State, I, p. 247.
Schedule 2. Repeals and revocations, I, p. 247.
TOBACCO, duties on.
TRADE UNIONS. See
( c. 65, ss. 12, 49) .
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
T
cdxxiii
See FINANCE ( NO. 2 ) ACT (с. 45) .
FINANCE ACT ( c. 7, s. 16 ) ; SEX DISCRIMINATION ACT
U
UNSOLICITED GOODS AND SERVICES (AMENDMENT ) ACT: c. 13... I , p. 296
§ Contents and form of notes of agreement, invoices and similar documents, I, p. 296.
2. Amendments consequential on section 1 , I, p. 297.
3. Provision for offence under subsection 3( 2) of the Act of 1971 to be prosecuted
on indictment, I, p. 297.
4. Short title, citation, commencement, transitional provisions and extent, I, p. 297.
VALUE ADDED TAX. See FINANCE ACT (c. 7, Pt. I ); FINANCE ( NO. 2) Аст
( c. 45, Pt. II ).
W
WELSH DEVELOPMENT AGENCY ACT: с. 70
...
... III, p. 2075
§ 1. The Welsh Development Agency, III, p. 2075.
2 , and schedule 1. Constitution and status, III, pp. 2075, 2094.
3. Overseas Aid, III, p. 2078 .
4. Ancillary powers, III, p. 2078.
5. Assistant to Agency from public authorities and other persons, III, p. 2079.
6. Power to form committees, III, p. 2079.
7 , and schedule 2. Dissolution of Welsh Industrial Estates Corporation, III ,
pp. 2079, 2098.
8. Transfer to Agency of land held under Local Employment Act 1972, III , р. 2079.
9. Provision of sites and premises for industry, III , p. 2080.
10. Services, etc. , for development of industry, III, p. 2080.
11. Application of Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 to Agency premises, III, p. 2080.
12. Selective financial assistance, III, p. 2081 .
13. Welsh Industrial Development Advisory Board, III, p. 2083.
14. Transfer of publicly- owned property to Agency, III, p. 2083.
15. The environment, III, p. 2083.
16. Derelict land, III, p. 2084.
17. Financial duties of the Agency, III , p. 2085 .
18, and schedule 3. Finances of the Agency, III, pp. 2085, 2099.
19. The Agency and the media, III , p. 2086.
20. Other limits on Agency's powers, III , p. 2087.
21. Expenses, III , p. 2088.
22. Acquisition, disposal and appropriation of land, III, p. 2088 .
23. Powers of entry, III, p. 2089.
24. Power to obtain information, III , p. 2090.
25. Service of documents, III ,
III , р. 2091 .
26. Crownland, III , p.2092.
27. Interpretation, III, p. 2092.
28. Orders, III , p. 2093.
29. Citation, etc. , III, p. 2093 .
Schedule 1. The Welsh Development Agency, III, p. 2094.
Schedule 2. Members and staff of the Welsh Industrial Estates Corporation, III,
p. 2098.
Schedule 3. Financial and administrative provisions relating to Agency, III, p. 2099.
WINE, duties on. See FINANCE (NO. 2 ) ACт ( с. 45 ) .
STATUTORY PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Selected Publications
Annotations to Acts
Instructions for noting up those Acts which were affected by the year's
legislation, direct or delegated. Substituted provisions are printed on
adhesive slips, and the annotations can be carried out by a junior clerk
on any set of statutes within a few weeks.
£15 (by post £15.55)
Chronological Table of the
Statutes
Achronological list of all the Public General Acts from 1235 onwards,
showing as to those totally repealed, the enactments by which they
were repealed and, as to those still in operation, the effect of all
subsequent legislation on them, section by section .
With the aid of this annual publication a practitioner can tell instantly
the present position of any enactment to which he has been referred.
£21 (by post £21.75)
Afree list of Statutory Publications Office titles is obtainable from
Her Majesty's Stationery Office, M2C(ZPGI), Atlantic House,
Holborn Viaduct, London ECIP 1BN
Government publications can be bought from the Government Bookshops in
London (Post Orders to P.O. Box 569 , SE1 9NH), Edinburgh, Cardiff ,
Belfast, Manchester, Birmingham and Bristol, or through booksellers
HMSOBOOKS

