THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
1973
with
Lists of the Public General Acts
and Local Acts
and a Table of the Effect of Legislation
and an Index
[IN THREE PARTS]
PART II
LONDON
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
1974
£18.25 net.
(for three parts)
ISBN 0 11 840124 6
c
The Public General Acts
which received the Royal Assent in 1973
in which year ended the TWENTY-FIRST
and began the TWENTY-SECOND YEAR
of the Reign of HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND
and
ended the Third Session
and began the Fourth Session
of the Forty-Fifth Parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland
d
Printed by C. H. BAYLIS, С.В.
Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and
Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament
e
CONTENTS
PART I
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973, cc. 1-37
INDEX to the Public General Acts of 1973 ...
Page
...
g
i
...
k
... 1
ccliii
PART II
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973, cc. 38-56
...
INDEX to the Public General Acts of 1973
Page
g
... i
...
k
...
737
...
ccliii
PART III
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1973
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1973, cc. 57-69...
TABLE IV: Tables of the Derivations and Destinations of the Consolida-
tion Acts of 1973
TABLE V: Effect of Legislation...
...
INDEX to the Public General Acts of 1973
... ... ...
[There were no General Synod Measures in 1973]
Page
...
g
...
i
...
k
... 1725
...
i
...
lv
... ... ccliii
f
g
TABLE Ι
Alphabetical List of
the Public General Acts of 1973
Part Page
Administration of Justice Act ( c. 15 ) ... ... ...
I 115
Appropriation Act (c. 40 ) ... ... ... ... 1053
II
Atomic Energy Authority ( Weapons Group) Act (c. 4 ) ...
I 6
Badgers Act (c. 57) III
... 1725
Bahamas Independence Act ( c. 27) I 409... ... ... ...
Bangladesh Act ( c. 49) ... .. ... 1373
...
II
Breeding ofDogs Act ( c. 60 ) ... ... ... ... 1791
III
Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act ( c. 66) III 2237
Coal Industry Act (c. 8)
... ... ... ... ... ...
I 27
Concorde Aircraft Act (c. 7)
... ... ... ... ... I 25
Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1)
... ... ... I
... ... 1
Consolidated Fund ( No. 2) Act (c. 10 )
... ... I 79
Costs in Criminal Cases Act ( c. 14 )... ... ... I 99
Counter- Inflation Act (c. 9) ... ...
I 39
Dentists ( Amendment) Act (c. 31)...
...
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act (c. 45) ... ... I 440
... 1309
II
Education Act ( c. 16 ) I
... ... ... ... 148
Education (Scotland ) Act ( c. 59) ... ... 1789
...
III
Education (Work Experience ) Act ( c. 23)
I... ... ... 287
Employment Agencies Act ( c. 35 )
I.. 550
Employment and Training Act (c. 50)
II
... 1377
Employment of Children Act (c. 24 )... ... ... I 289
Fair Trading Act (c. 41) II... ... ... ... 1107
Finance Act (c. 51) II
... ... 1437
Fire Precautions ( Loans) Act (c. 11)... ... I 80
Fuel and Electricity (Control) Act (c. 67 ) ... 2240
III
Furnished Lettings (Rent Allowances) Act ( c. 6 ) I 17
h Alphabetical List
Gaming ( Amendment) Act (c. 12 )
...
Government Trading Funds Act (c. 63)
Guardianship Act ( c. 29 ) ... ... ...
Part Page
I 83
III 1887
I 419
Hallmarking Act (c. 43) II 1263... ... .. ...
Heavy Commercial Vehicles ( Controls and Regulations) Act
( с .44 ) II 1302
Housing ( Amendment) Act (c. 5 ) I 14
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act (c. 19)
Insurance Companies (Amendment) Act ( c. 58)
International Cocoa Agreement Act (c. 46)
International Sugar Organisation Act (c. 68)
...
... ...
...
I 225
III 1731
II 1333
III 2246
Land Compensation Act (c. 26 ) ... ...
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act (c. 56 )
Law Reform (Diligence) (Scotland ) Act (c. 22)
Local Government (Scotland) Act (c. 65)
London Cab Act (c. 20 )
... ...
... ... ...
...
I 299
II 1639
I 285
III 1921
I 274
...
Maplin Development Act (c. 64 ) Matrimonial Causes Act (c. 18 ) ... .. ...
... ...
III 1895
I 165
National Health Service Reorganisation Act (c. 32 ) I 443
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act (c. 42 )
II 1241
...
National Theatre and Museum of London Act (c. 2 )
... ...
I 2
Nature Conservancy Council Act ( c. 54 )
.. ... 1611
II
Northern Ireland Assembly Act (c. 17 ) I 159
...
Northern Ireland Constitution Act ( c. 36 )
I 564
Northern Ireland Constitution ( Amendment ) Act (c. 69)
...
III 2247
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act (c. 53)
...
II 1577
Overseas Pensions Act (c. 21) ...
I 276
...
Pakistan Act (c. 48) Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Act (c. 61) ...
Powers of Criminal Courts Act (c. 62 ) ... .. ... ...
Prescription and Limitation ( Scotland) Act (c. 52 ) ... ...
Protection of Aircraft Act (c. 47) ... ... ... ...
Protection of Wrecks Act (c. 33) ...
II 1363
III 1797
III 1807
II 1553
II 1335
I 545
Rate Rebate Act (c. 28) ... ... ...
I 417
Sea Fish Industry Act (c. 3)
Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act ( c. 30 )
... .. .
... ..
Social Security Act (c. 38) Statute Law (Repeals) Act (c. 39) ... ... ... ...
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland) Act (c. 55) ...
Succession (Scotland) Act (c. 25) ... ...
Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act ( c. 13) ... ...
...
Ulster Defence Regiment Act ( c. 34 ) ..
I 4
I 439
II 737
II 1025
II 1623
I 297
I 85
I 549
Water Act(c. 37 ) ...
...
I 615
i
TABLE II
Chronological List of
the Public General Acts of 1973
Chapter Part Page
1 Consolidated Fund Act... I 1
2 National Theatre and Museum of London Act I 2
3 Sea Fish Industry Act I 4
... ... ... ... ...
4 Atomic Energy Authority ( Weapons Group) Act ...
I 6
5 Housing ( Amendment) Act I 14
... ...
6 Furnished Lettings (Rent Allowances) Act... I 17
7 Concorde Aircraft Act...
...
I 25
8 Coal Industry Act
... ...
I 27
9 Counter-Inflation Act
... ..
I 39
10 Consolidated Fund ( No. 2) Act
... ...
I 79
11 Fire Precautions (Loans) Act
...
I 80
..
12 Gaming ( Amendment ) Act
... ... ... ...
I 83
13 Supply of Goods ( Implied Terms) Act ..
I 85
*14 Costs in Criminal Cases Act
... ... ... I 99
15 Administration of Justice Act
... ... 115
I
..
16 Education Act...
... .. ... ... ...
I 148
17 Northern Ireland Assembly Act I
... 159
..
*18 Matrimonial Causes Act ... ... ...
I 165
*19 Independent Broadcasting Authority Act I 225
...
20 London Cab Act .. ...
I 274
21 Overseas Pensions Act ... ... ... ...
I 276
22 Law Reform (Diligence ) ( Scotland) Act ...
I 285
23 Education (Work Experience) Act... I 287
... ...
24 Employment of Children Act ...
I 289
25 Succession ( Scotland) Act... ... ... I 297
...
26 Land Compensation Act I 299.. ... ...
27 Bahamas Independence Act ... 409
..
I... ...
28 Rate Rebate Act... ... ... I 417
29 Guardianship Act... I
... ... 419
30 Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act ... ... ... ...
I 439
* ConsolidationAct.
j Chronological List
Chapter Part Page
31 Dentists ( Amendment) Act ... ... ... ...
I 440
32 National Health Service Reorganisation Act I 443
... ...
33 Protection of Wrecks Act ... ... ... ...
I 545
34 Ulster Defence Regiment Act I 549... ... ... ...
35 Employment Agencies Act I 550... ... ... ...
36 Northern Ireland Constitution Act I 564
37 Water Act ... I 615..
38 Social Security Act ... ...
II 737
39 Statute Law (Repeals) Act II 1025
40 Appropriation Act II 1053...
41 Fair Trading Act II 1107
42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act
...
II 1241
43 Hallmarking Act
II 1263
44 Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and Regula-
tions ) Act II 1302
45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act II 1309
...
46 International Cocoa Agreement Act II 1333... ...
47 Protection of Aircraft Act ...
II 1335
48 Pakistan Act II 1363
... ... ... ...
49 Bangladesh Act II 1373
50 Employment and Training Act II 1377.. ...
51 Finance Act II 1437
... ...
52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act II 1553... ...
53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act II 1577
54 Nature Conservancy Council Act II 1611... ...
55 Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland) Act II 1623
56 Land Compensation (Scotland) Act II 1639
57 Badgers Act III 1725
58 Insurance Companies Amendment Act III 1731
...
59 Education ( Scotland) Act III 1789
60 Breeding of Dogs Act ...
III 1791
61 Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Act
III 1797
*62 Powers of Criminal Courts Act ...
III 1807
63 Government Trading Funds Act
III 1887
64 Maplin Development Act
III 1895
65 Local Government (Scotland) Act
III 1921
..
66 Channel Tunnel (Initial Finance) Act
III 2237
67 Fuel and Electricity ( Control) Act
III 2240
68 International Sugar Organisation Act
III 2246
69 Northern Ireland Constitution ( Amendment) Act III
2247
* Consolidation Act.
k
TABLE III
Alphabetical List of
the Local and Personal Acts of 1973
Chapter No.
Aberdeen Corporation Confirmation Act
British Transport Docks Act... ... ... ... ... ...
British Transport Docks ( Hull Docks) Act... ... ...
XXV
xiii
xxviii
City of London ( Various Powers) ActXX
... ...
Clyde Port Authority (Hunterston Ore Terminal) Order Confirmation
Act
XXXV
Cromarty Firth Port Authority Order Confirmation Act... ...
xvi
Dee and Clwyd River Authority Act... ... ... ... ...
xxix
Derby Friar Gate Chapel Act... ... ... ... ...
iv
Dundee Corporation (Brokers &c . ) Order Confirmation Act ...
xxvi
Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation Act ... ... ...
ii
Edinburgh Corporation ( No. 2) Order Confirmation Act... ...
xxxiv
Forward Trust Act... ... ... ... ... ... ...
viii
Glamorgan County Council Act... ... ... ... ...
i
Glasgow Corporation (Parks &c. ) Order Confirmation Act... ... xvii
Greater London Council (General Powers) Act... ... XXX
Greater London Council (Money) Act... ... ... ... ... xxxiii
Hull Tidal Surge Barrier Act... ... ... ... ... ... xiv
Humber Bridge Act iii
... ... ... ... ... ... ...
King's Lynn Corporation Act... ... ... ... ... ...
xii
Lerwick Harbour Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ...
vii
London Transport Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xi
Mallaig Harbour Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... vi
Medway Ports Authority Act... ... ... ... ... ... xxi
Mercantile Credit Act... ... ... V
...
Metals Society ActX
... ... ... ... ...
National Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act... ... xxvii
North Wales Hydro Electric Power Act
... ... ... xxxvi
Queen Mary College Act... ... ... ...
xxii
Rhondda Corporation Act... ... ... ... ... ...
xxiii
Ryde Corporation Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xviii
Salford Corporation Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxiv
Southampton Corporation Act
... ... ... ... ... ... xix
Trent River Authority Act
... ... ... ... ... ... xxxi
Tyneside Metropolitan Railway Act
... ... .. xxxii
Ullapool Pier Order Confirmation Act
... ... XV
...
Upper Mersey Navigation Act... ... ix
c .38 737
DIEU ET
PENSE
DROIT
MON
Social Security Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 38
An Act to establish a basic scheme of social security
contributions and benefits replacing the National
Insurance Acts, to assimilate to it the operation of the
Industrial Injuries Acts and the Old Cases Acts ; to
make further provision with respect to occupational
pension schemes (including schemes financed from
public funds), to establish an Occupational Pensions
Board with functions in respect of such schemes
( including in particular functions with respect to the
recognition of schemes, the preservation of benefits
and the modification of schemes for the purpose
of obtaining recognition and other purposes) ; to
establish a contributory reserve pension scheme
under a Reserve Pension Board providing pensions in
respect of service in employment which is not recognised
pensionable employment; and for purposes connected
with those matters . [18th July 1973.]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
THE BASIC SCHEME
CHAPTER I : CONTRIBUTIONS
Preliminary
1.-( 1 ) The funds required-
( a ) for paying such benefits under Chapter II below as Outline of
are payable out of the National Insurance Fund and basic scheme
not out of other public money ;
contributory
system.
A
c .38
738 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( b) for the making of payments under Chapter III below
towards the cost of the national health service and into
the Redundancy Fund ; and
( c ) for paying benefit under the Industrial Injuries Acts
and the Old Cases Acts,
shall be provided by means of contributions payable to the
Secretary of State by earners, employers and others, together
with the Treasury supplements specified in subsection (5) below.
( 2 ) Contributions under this Part of this Act shall be of the
following four classes-
Class 1 , earnings-related, payable under section 2, being-
( a) primary Class 1 contributions from employed
earners, and
( b) secondary Class 1 contributions from employers
and other persons paying earnings ;
Class 2, flat -rate, payable weekly under section 3 by self-
employed earners ;
Class 3, payable under section 4 by earners and others
voluntarily with a view to providing entitlement to
benefit, or making up entitlement ; and
Class 4, payable under section 5 in respect of the profits
or gains of a trade, profession or vocation, or in respect
of equivalent earnings.
( 3) The amounts and rates of contributions in this Chapter
and the other figures therein which affect the liability of
contributors shall be subject to regulations under Chapter III
and, to the extent provided for by sections 7 and 8 of this Act,
to alteration by orders made by the Secretary of State from
year to year under those sections .
( 4 ) Schedule 1 to this Act-
( a) shall have effect with respect to the computation, collec-
tion and recovery of contributions of Classes 1, 2 and
3, and otherwise with respect to contributions of those
classes ; and
(b) shall also, to the extent provided by regulations made
under section 5(10) of this Act, have effect with respect
to the computation, collection and recovery of Class
4 contributions, and otherwise with respect to such
contributions, where under that subsection provision is
made for contributions of that class to be recovered
by the Secretary of State and not by the Inland Revenue
under section 5( 1 ) to (3) .
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 739
( 5 ) Subject to section 41( 2) below (mariners, etc.), there shall
PART I
by way of supplement to contributions be paid out of money
provided by Parliament, in such manner and at such times as the
Treasury may determine, amounts the total of which for any year
is equal to 18 per cent. of so much of all contributions (of the
four classes) paid in that year as remains after deducting the
appropriate national health service allocation and the appro-
priate allocation to the Redundancy Fund.
( 6 ) In respect of any period beginning on or after the
appointed day no contributions shall be payable-
( a) under section 1 of the National Health Service Contribu- 1965 с. 54.
tions Act 1965 ; or
( b) under section 2( 1) (a) of the Industrial Injuries Act ; or
( c ) under section 27 of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 ; 1965 с. 62.
nor shall there be payable the Treasury supplement under section
2( 1 ) (b) of the Industrial Injuries Act.
( 7) In this Act " employed earner " means a person who is
gainfully employed in Great Britain either under a contract
of service, or in an office (including elective office ) with emolu-
ments chargeable to income tax under Schedule E; and " self-
employed earner "
means a person who is gainfully employed
in Great Britain otherwise than in employed earner's employ-
ment ( whether or not he is also employed in such employment) .
( 8) Regulations may provide-
( a) for employment of any prescribed description to be dis-
regarded in relation to liability for contributions
otherwise arising from employment of that description ;
( b) for a person in employment of any prescribed descrip-
tion to be treated, for the purposes of this Act, as
falling within one or other of the categories of earner
defined in subsection (7) above, notwithstanding that
he would not fall within that category apart from the
regulations.
( 9) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall be treated as
a self - employed earner as respects any week during any part
of which he is such an earner (without prejudice to his being
also treated as an employed earner as respects that week by
reference to any other employment of his) .
(10 ) No person shall-
( a) be liable to pay Class 1 or Class 2 contributions unless
he fulfils prescribed conditions as to residence or
presence in Great Britain ;
( b ) be entitled to pay Class 3 contributions unless he fulfils
such conditions ; or
A2
c . 38
740 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( c ) be entitled to pay Class 1 or Class 2 contributions other
than those which he is liable to pay, except so far as
he is permitted by regulations to pay them.
The four classes of contributions
Class 1 2.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Act, there shall for every
contributions. year (which in this Part of this Act means an income tax year,
except where it is otherwise stated, or the context is one relating
to a person's age) be-
(a) a lower earnings limit for Class 1 contributions, being
the level of weekly earnings at which employed earners
become liable for such contributions in respect of the
earnings from their employments ; and
(b) an upper earnings limit for Class 1 contributions, being
the maximum amount of weekly earnings in respect
of which such contributions are payable ;
and the lower and upper earnings limits shall be respectively
£ 8 and £ 48.
(2) Where in any income tax week earnings are paid to or for
the benefit of an earner in respect of any one employment of his,
being employed earner's employment, and-
(a) he is over school - leaving age ; and
( b) the amount paid is equal to or exceeds the current
lower earnings limit (or the prescribed equivalent in
the case of earners paid otherwise than weekly) ,
there shall be payable, in accordance with this section ( and,
except as provided by this Act, without regard to any other
payment of earnings to or for the benefit of the earner in respect
of any other employment ), a primary and a secondary Class 1
contribution.
( 3) The primary contribution shall be payable by the
earner and the secondary contribution shall be payable by the
secondary Class 1 contributor .
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) below, the secondary contributor,
in relation to any payment of earnings to or for the benefit of
an employed earner, is-
( a ) in the case of an earner employed under a contract of
service, his employer ;
( b) in the case of an earner employed in an office with
emoluments, either-
( i) such person as may be prescribed in relation
to that office, or
( ii ) if no person is prescribed, the government
department, public authority or body of persons
responsible for paying the emoluments of the office.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 741
(5 ) In relation to employed earners who
(a) are paid earnings in an income tax week by more than
one person in respect of different employments ; or
( b) work under the general control or management of a
person other than their immediate employer,
and in relation to any other case for which it appears to
the Secretary of State that such provision is needed, regulations
may provide that for the purposes of this section the prescribed
person is to be treated as the secondary Class 1 contributor
in respect of earnings paid to or for the benefit of an earner.
( 6 ) The amount of a Class 1 contribution shall be a per-
centage of so much of the earnings paid in the week, in respect
of the employment in question, as does not exceed the current
upper earnings limit ( or the prescribed equivalent in the case of
earners paid otherwise than weekly) ; and (subject to regulations
under Chapter III) —
( a) the primary contribution shall be 5.25 per cent. or 0.6
per cent. , according to whether the earner is liable to
contribute at the standard rate or the reduced rate ;
and
( b) the secondary contribution shall be 7.5 per cent.
( 7) An employed earner liable for a primary Class 1 contribu-
tion shall be liable to contribute at the standard rate except
where the earner-
(a) is over pensionable age and has retired from regular
employment ; or
( b) although over pensionable age, has not retired from
regular employment, and at the time when he attained
pensionable age did not satisfy the contribution condi-
tions for a Category A retirement pension ; or
( c ) is a married woman or widow who has elected, in
accordance with regulations under section 42(2) or (4)
of this Act, to contribute at the reduced rate and has
not revoked her election ;
and in any of those cases the earner shall be liable to contribute
at the reduced rate.
PART I
3. ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, every self - Class 2
employed earner shall, if he is over school-leaving age, be liable contributions.
to pay Class 2 contributions at the rate of £1.68 a week.
( 2 ) Class 2 contributions shall not be payable-
(a ) by an earner who is over pensionable age and has
retired from regular employment ; or
( b) by an earner who, although over pensionable age, has
not retired from regular employment and at the time
A3
c . 38
742 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
when he attained pensionable age did not satisfy the
contribution conditions for a Category A retirement
pension ; or
( c ) by a married woman or widow who has elected, in
accordance with regulations under section 42(2) or (4)
of this Act, to be under no liability for Class 2 contri-
butions and has not revoked her election.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order direct that , in the
year beginning with the appointed day or in any of the 4 sub-
sequent years, the weekly rate of Class 2 contributions shall for
women be a specified rate lower than the rate for other Class 2
contributors in respect of that year.
( 4 ) Regulations may make provision so that an earner is
liable for a weekly rate of Class 2 contributions higher than
that specified in subsection (1) above where-
( a ) in respect of any employment of his, he is treated
by regulations under section 1 (8)(b) of this Act as
being a self - employed earner ; and
(b) in any period or periods he has earnings from that
employment and-
( i) those earnings are such that ( disregarding their
amount) he would be liable for Class 1 contributions
in respect of them if he were not so treated in respect
of the employment, and
(ii ) no Class 4 contribution is payable in respect of
the earnings by virtue of regulations under section
5( 9) of this Act.
( 5) Regulations may provide for an earner otherwise liable
for Class 2 contributions in respect of employment as a self-
employed earner to be excepted from the liability in respect of
any period in which his earnings from such employment are, or
are treated by regulations as being, less than £468 a year.
( 6 ) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (5)
above shall not except a person from liability to pay contribu-
tions otherwise than on his own application, but may provide
for so excepting a person with effect from any date not earlier
than 13 weeks before the date on which his application was
made.
Class 3
4.- ( 1) Regulations shall provide for earners and others, if
contributions. over school-leaving age, to be entitled if they so wish, but
subject to any prescribed conditions, to pay Class 3 contribu-
tions ; and the amount of a Class 3 contribution shall be £1.33 .
( 2) Payment of Class 3 contributions shall be allowed only
with a view to enabling the contributor to satisfy contribution
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 743
conditions of entitlement to basic scheme benefit by acquiring
PART I
the requisite earnings factor for the purposes described in
section 9 of this Act; and regulations-
( a ) may provide for Class 3 contributions, although paid
in one year, to be appropriated in prescribed circum-
stances to the earnings factor of another year ; and
( b) shall provide for the return of such contributions which
have been paid, where they are insufficient to provide
any entitlement or additional entitlement.
( 3) Where for any year a contributor's earnings factor derived
from his Class 1 or Class 2 contributions ( or both) already
stands at a figure which is 50 times that year's lower earnings
limit for Class 1 contributions, no Class 3 contributions shall
be payable by him in respect of the year ; and if Class 3 contribu-
tions are paid in such number that the contributor's earnings
factor will exceed that figure, so much of those contributions as
brings the earnings factor above that figure-
( a ) shall be repaid to him (subject to regulations excluding
repayment where the amount in question is incon-
siderable) ; and
( b ) if repayable, shall then be treated as not having been
paid for any purposes other than those of this section.
5.- ( 1) Class 4 contributions shall be payable in respect of all Class 4
annual profits or gains immediately derived from the carrying contributions.
on or exercise of one or more trades, professions or vocations,
being profits or gains chargeable to income tax under Case I or
Case II of Schedule D for any year of assessment beginning on
or after the appointed day ; and the contributions shall be
payable-
( a ) in the same manner as any income tax which is, or
would be, chargeable in respect of those profits or
gains ( whether or not income tax in fact falls to be
paid ) ; and
( b) by the person on whom the income tax is ( or would be)
charged,
in accordance with assessments made from time to time under
the Income Tax Acts.
( 2) A Class 4 contribution for any year shall be an amount
equal to 5 per cent. of so much of the profits or gains referred
to in subsection ( 1) above ( as computed in accordance with
Schedule 2 to this Act ) as exceeds £1,150 and does not exceed
£ 2,500.
(3) Except as provided by or under subsections ( 8) to ( 10)
below, and except as provided by Schedule 2 to this Act, all
A 4
c .38
744 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
1970 с. 9.
the provisions of the Income Tax Acts as they have effect
from time to time (including, but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, provisions as to assessment, collec-
tion, repayment and recovery, and the provisions of Part X
of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( penalties)) shall with
the necessary modifications apply in relation to Class 4 contribu-
tions as if those contributions were income tax chargeable under
Case I or Case II of Schedule D; and Schedule 2 to this Act
shall have effect ( without prejudice to the foregoing provisions
of this subsection) for the application or modification, in relation
to the contributions, of certain provisions of those Acts, and the
exclusion of other provisions, and generally with respect to the
contributions .
( 4) The Inland Revenue shall, at such times and in such
manner as the Treasury may direct, account to the Secretary
of State for, and pay to him, the sums estimated by the Inland
Revenue (in the manner so directed) to have been collected by
them as Class 4 contributions.
( 5) So much of any money received by the Secretary of State
under subsection ( 4) above as is estimated by him, in accordance
with any directions of the Treasury, to represent Class 4 contribu-
tions collected from persons in Northern Ireland shall be paid
over by him to the Northern Ireland Ministry and be treated as
contributions collected by that Ministry for the purposes of the
basic scheme as it operates in Northern Ireland.
( 6) The Secretary of State may by regulations made with
the concurrence of the Inland Revenue provide-
(a ) for excepting persons from liability to pay Class 4 con-
tributions in accordance with subsections ( 1) to ( 3)
above ; or
( b) for deferring any person's liability,
and may certify from time to time to the Inland Revenue the
persons who are excepted from liability, or whose liability is to
be deferred, and who accordingly are not required (except in
accordance with the regulations) to be assessed for contributions.
( 7) Exception from liability, or deferment, under subsection
( 6) above may (without prejudice to the generality of that sub-
section) be by reference-
( a) to a person otherwise liable for contributions being
under a prescribed age at the beginning of a year ;
(b) to a person having attained pensionable age and retired
from regular employment;
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 745
( c) to a person being in receipt of earnings in respect of
which primary Class 1 contributions are, or may be,
payable ; or
( d ) to a person not satisfying prescribed conditions as to
residence or presence in the United Kingdom.
( 8) The Secretary of State may, by regulations made with the
concurrence of the Inland Revenue-
( a) provide, in relation to Class 4 contributions recovered
by the Inland Revenue, for any incidental matters
arising out of the payment of such contributions, in-
cluding in particular their return in whole or in part
where payment has been made in error or repayment
ought for any other reason to be made ;
( b) provide, in relation to cases where liability for such
contributions is to be deferred in pursuance of regula-
tions made under subsection (6) above, for any matters
arising out of the deferment, including in particular
provision for the amount of a person's profits or gains
( as computed under Schedule 2 to this Act) to be
certified by the Inland Revenue to the Secretary of
State and the person liable ;
but so that no such certificate as is referred to in paragraph (b)
above shall relate to a person's profits or gains so far as they
exceed whatever is for the time being the higher of the two
money sums specified in subsection (2) above.
( 9) Provision may be made by regulations so that where-
(a) an earner, in respect of any one or more employments of
his, is treated by regulations under section 1 (8) (b) of
this Act as being self - employed ; and
(b) in any year he has earnings from any such employment
( one or more) which fall within section 3(4) (b) (i) , but
is not liable for a higher weekly rate of Class 2 contri-
butions by virtue of regulations under that subsection ;
and
( c) the total of those earnings exceeds £1,150,
he is to be liable, in respect of those earnings, to pay a Class 4
contribution of an amount equal to 5 per cent. of so much of
the total as exceeds £1,150 and does not exceed £2,500.
(10 ) It shall be for the Secretary of State, and not the Inland
Revenue, to recover Class 4 contributions payable by virtue of
regulations under subsection (9) above and generally to be
responsible for the relevant administration ; and regulations may
in relation to contributions so payable-
( a) apply any of the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act
( except a provision conferring power to make regula-
tions ) ; and
PART I
c .38
746 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
( b) make any such provision as may be made by regulations
under that Schedule, except paragraph 5.
General power
6.-(1 ) Regulations may provide, either generally or in rela-
to limit,
tion to any prescribed category of earners, or to earners in any
and otherwise
regulate,
prescribed category of employments, that their liability in a
liability for
particular year in respect of contributions of prescribed classes
contributions. is not to exceed such maximum amount or amounts as may be
prescribed.
( 2) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above
mayprovide-
( a) for an earner whose liability is subject to a maximum
prescribed thereunder to be liable in the first instance
for the full amount of any contributions due from him
apart from the regulations, or to be relieved from
liability for such contributions in prescribed circum-
stances and to the prescribed extent ; and
( b ) for contributions paid in excess of any such maximum to
be repaid at such times, and in accordance with such
conditions, as may be prescribed.
( 3) Regulations may provide, in relation to earners otherwise
liable for contributions of any class, for excepting them from
the liability for such periods, and in such circumstances, as may
be prescribed .
Alteration of rates, etc., by order
Annual
7. (1) As soon as may be after he has made an order
review of
appointing a day for the coming into force of this section, the
contributions. Secretary of State shall review the general level of earnings
obtaining in Great Britain and the changes in that level which
have taken place in and since the year 1971-72, with a view to
determining whether, in respect of basic scheme contributions,
an order should be made under this section to have effect in
relation to the first year of operation of sections 2 to 5 of this
Act .
( 2 ) In that year, and thereafter in each subsequent year, the
Secretary of State shall carry out a further review of the general
level of earnings, taking into account changes in that level which
have taken place since his last review under this section, with a
view to determining whether, in respect of basic scheme contri-
butions, an order should be made under this section, to have
effect in relation to the next following year.
( 3) For the purposes of any review under this section, the
Secretary of State-
( a ) shall estimate the general level of earnings in such
manner as he thinks fit; and
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 747
( b ) shall take into account any other matters appearing to him to be relevant to his determination whether or not
an order should be made under this section including,
in the case of the second and any subsequent review,
the current operation of this Part of this Act.
( 4 ) If the Secretary of State determines, as a result of a review
under this section, that having regard to changes in the general
level of earnings which have taken place, and to any other
matters taken into account on the review, an order under this
section should be made for the amendment of this Chapter, he
shall prepare and lay before each House of Parliament a draft
of such an order framed so as to give effect to his conclusions on
the review.
( 5) An order under this section may amend this Chapter by
altering any one or more of the following figures-
( a ) the figures specified in section 2( 1) as the lower and
upper earnings limits for Class 1 contributions ;
( b ) the figure specified in section 3( 1) as the weekly rate of
Class 2 contributions ;
( c ) the figure specified in section 3( 5 ) as the amount of
earnings below which regulations under that subsection
may except an earner from liability for Class 2 con-
tributions;
( d ) the figure specified in section 4( 1) as the amount of a
Class 3 contribution ;
(e ) the figures specified in section 5( 2) as the lower and
upper limits of profits or gains which are to be taken
into account for the purposes of Class 4 contributions.
( 6) An order under this section, if it contains an amend-
ment altering either of the figures specified in section 5( 2), shall
make the same alteration of the corresponding figure specified in
section 5( 9) .
( 7 ) If the Secretary of State determines as a result of a review
under this section that, having regard to his conclusions in
respect of the general level of earnings and otherwise, no such
amendments of this Chapter are called for as can be made for the
purposes of subsection (5) above, and determines accordingly
not to lay a draft of an order before Parliament, he shall instead
prepare and lay before each House of Parliament a report
explaining his reasons for that determination.
(8) Where the Secretary of State lays before Parliament a draft
of an order under this section, he shall lay with it a copy of a
report by the Government Actuary on the effect which, in the
Actuary's opinion, the making of such anorder may be expected
to have on the National Insurance Fund ; and, where he deter-
PART I
c .38
748 Social Security Act 1973
PART I Additional
power to
alter figures
inss. 2 to 5.
mines not to lay a draft order, he shall with the report laid before
Parliament under subsection ( 7) above lay a copy of a report by
the Government Actuary on the consequences for the Fund
which may, in the Actuary's opinion, follow from that determina-
tion .
( 9) Where the Secretary of State has laid before Parliament a
draft of an order under this section, then if the draft is
approved by a resolution of each House, the Secretary of State
shall make an order in the form of the draft.
( 10 ) An order under this section shall be made so as to be in
force from the beginning of the year following that in which
it received Parliamentary approval, and to have effect for that
year and any subsequent year (subject to the effect of any sub-
sequent order under this section or under section 8 below) ; and
for this purpose the order is to be taken as receiving Parliamen-
tary approval on the date on which the draft of it is approved
by the second House to approve it.
8.-( 1) Without prejudice to section 7 of this Act, the
Secretary of State may at any time, if he thinks it expedient
to do so with a view to adjusting the level at which the National
Insurance Fund stands for the time being and having regard
to the sums which may be expected to be paid from the Fund
in any future period, make an order amending this Chapter by
altering any one or more of the following figures-
( a ) the percentage rates for primary and secondary Class 1
contributions specified in section 2(6) ;
( b ) the figure specified in section 3( 1) as the weekly rate
ofClass 2 contributions ;
(c) the figure specified in section 4(1) as the amount of a
Class 3 contribution ;
( d ) the percentage rate for Class 4 contributions specified
in section 5(2) .
( 2) An order under subsection ( 1 ) above shall, if it contains
an amendment altering the percentage rate for Class 4 contribu-
tions specified in section 5( 2), make the same alteration of the
percentage rate specified in section 5(9) .
( 3) An order under subsection ( 1) above may-
(a) if it contains an amendment altering the figure speci-
fied in section 3(1) as the weekly rate of Class 2
contributions and the Secretary of State thinks it
expedient in consequence of that amendment, amend
section 3(5) by altering the figure there specified as
the amount of earnings below which regulations under
that subsection may except an earner from liability for
Class 2 contributions ;
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 749
( b) if the Secretary of State thinks it expedient in conse-
quence-
(i) of any amendments of this Chapter made by the
order, or
( ii) of any regulations under Chapter III which he
has made or proposes to make with a view to adjust-
ing the percentage rate of Class 1 contributions in
the case of particular categories or descriptions of
earners,
amend section 45( 3) of this Act by altering any one
or more of the percentages there specified in relation
to the appropriate national health service allocation
and the appropriate allocation to the Redundancy
Fund.
( 4) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, but subject
to subsection (6) below, the Secretary of State may at any time,
if he thinks it expedient to do so with a view to adjusting the
level at which the Redundancy Fund stands for the time being
and having regard to the sums which may be expected to be
paid from that Fund in any future period, make an order amend-
ing section 2(6) of this Act by altering the percentage rate for
secondary Class 1 contributions specified in that subsection .
( 5) Where the Secretary of State determines to make an order
under subsection ( 4 ) above, the order shall also provide for the
amendment of section 45( 3) of this Act by increasing or reducing
the percentage there specified in relation to the appropriate
allocation to the Redundancy Fund by the same amount as that
by which the order increases or reduces the percentage rate for
secondary Class 1 contributions.
( 6 ) No order shall be made under this section so as to increase
the percentage rate for primary or secondary Class 1 contribu-
tions, or for Class 4 contributions, to a percentage more than
0-25 per cent. higher than that which is specified in section 2(6)
or, as the case may be, section 5( 2) of this Act as originally
passed .
( 7) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft
of the order has been laid before, and approved by, a resolu-
tion of each House of Parliament.
(8) Where the Secretary of State lays before Parliament a
draft of an order under this section, he shall lay with it a copy
of a report by the Government Actuary on the effect which, in
the Actuary's opinion, the making of such an order may be
expected to have on the National Insurance Fund :
Provided that no such report need be laid if the order is made
by virtue only of subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5) above.
PART I
c .38
750 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Descriptions
of benefits;
the earnings
factor ;
crediting of
contributions.
( 9) An order under this section shall be made so as to be in
force from the beginning of the year following that in which it
received Parliamentary approval, and to have effect for that year
and any subsequent year (subject to the effect of any subsequent
order under this section or under section 7 above) ; and for this
purpose the order is to be taken as receiving Parliamentary
approval on the date on which the draft of it is approved by the
second House to approve it.
CHAPTER II : BENEFITS
Preliminary
9.-(1 ) Basic scheme benefits shall be of the following
descriptions, namely-
( a ) unemployment benefit ( with earnings- related supple-
ment, and increase for adult and child dependants) ;
( b) sickness benefit (with earnings-related supplement, and
increase for adult and child dependants) ;
( c) invalidity benefit, comprising-
(i) invalidity pension ( with increase for adult and
child dependants) ,
(ii) invalidity allowance ;
( d ) attendance allowance (payable without regard to con-
tributions) ;
( e ) maternity benefit, comprising-
( i ) maternity grant,
(ii ) maternity allowance (with earnings- related
supplement, and increase for adult and child
dependants) ;
( f ) widow's benefit, comprising-
(i) widow's allowance ( with earnings-related addi-
tion, and increase for child dependants),
(ii ) widowed mother's allowance (with increase
for child dependants) ,
( iii ) widow's pension ;
( g ) guardian's allowance (payable without regard to contri-
butions ) ;
( h ) retirement pensions of the following categories-
Category A, payable to a person by virtue of his
own contributions (with increase for adult
and child dependants),
Category B, payable to a woman by virtue of her
husband's contributions (with increase for
child dependants),
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 751
Category C, payable ( without regard to contribu-
tions ) to certain persons who were over pen-
sionable age on 5th July 1948 and their wives
and widows ( with increase for adult and child
dependants) , and
Category D, payable ( without regard to contribu-
tions ) to persons over the age of 80 ;
(i ) age addition payable, in the case of persons over the
age of 80, by way of increase of a retirement pension
of any category or of another pension or allowance ;
( 1 ) child's special allowance ;
( k ) death grant.
( 2 ) In this Part of this Act , " short - term benefit " means
unemployment benefit, sickness benefit, maternity grant, mater-
nity allowance and widow's allowance.
( 3) The amounts and rates of benefits given in this Chapter
and the other figures therein which affect those amounts and
rates or the entitlement of any beneficiary shall, to the extent
provided for by section 39 of this Act (annual up-rating review),
be subject to alteration by orders made by the Secretary of State
from year to year under that section.
( 4 ) In the case of the following benefits only, entitlement shall
depend on contribution conditions being satisfied ( either by the
claimant or by some other person, according to the particular
benefit) ; and there are set out below, in relation to each such
benefit, the class or classes of contribution which for this purpose
are relevant thereto:
Short-term benefit
Unemployment benefit... ... Class 1
Sickness benefit... ... ... Class 1 or 2
Maternity grant... ... ... Class 1, 2 or 3
Maternity allowance... ... Class 1 or 2
...
Widow's allowance
... ... Class 1, 2 or 3
...
Other benefits
Widowed mother's allowance...
Widow's pension... ... ...
Category A retirement pension
... Class 1, 2 or 3
Category B retirement pension
...
Child's special allowance
... ...
Death grant...
... ... ...
( 5) Subject to the following subsections, a person shall be
treated as having annual earnings factors derived from his con-
tributions in respect of each year, being contributions of any
of the classes specified in subsection ( 4 ) above; and this shall
be for the purposes-
PART I
c .38
752 Social Security Act 1973
PARTI ( a ) ofestablishing entitlement to any benefit specified in that
subsection by reference to satisfaction of contribution
conditions ; and
( b) of arriving at the weekly rate-
(i) of earnings- related supplement of unemploy-
ment benefit, sickness benefit or a maternity allow-
ance, or
(ii ) of earnings- related addition to a widow's
allowance.
(6) No earnings factor shall be derived from primary Class 1
contributions paid at the reduced rate, or from secondary Class 1
contributions ; and for the purposes of earnings-related supple
ment of, or addition to, any benefit there shall be disregarded
any Class 2 or Class 3 contributions, and any Class 1 contribu-
tions not actually paid.
( 7) Regulations may provide for crediting contributions of
any class for the purpose of bringing a person's earnings factor
for any year to a figure which will enable him to satisfy contri-
bution conditions of entitlement to any prescribed description of
benefit (whether his own entitlement or another person's) , but
not so as to entitle him or any other person to earnings-related
supplement of, or addition to, any benefit.
( 8) Earnings factors derived from a person's contributions in
respect of any year shall be expressed as whole numbers of
pounds and be made ascertainable from tables to be drawn up
by the Secretary of State and embodied in regulations ; and
tables of earnings factors shall be drawn up so that in general-
( a) any amount of Class 1 contributions in respect of a year
gives rise to an earnings factor for that year equal or
approximating to the minimum actual earnings
sufficient to yield contributions of that amount ; and
(b) any number of Class 2 or Class 3 contributions in
respect of a year gives rise to an earnings factor for
that year equal or approximating to that year's lower
earnings limit for Class 1 contributions multiplied by
the number of contributions ;
and separate earnings factors shall be derived from contributions
of different classes paid or credited in the same year, and from
contributions which have been actually paid, as opposed to
those not paid but credited .
( 9) In relation to the benefits specified in subsection ( 4 ) above,
the relevant contribution conditions are those specified in
Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act; and in that Schedule and in
subsection (11) below-
( a) " the contributor concerned ", for the purpose of any
contribution condition, means the person by whom
the condition is to be satisfied ;
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 753
( b) " a relevant class ", in relation to any benefit, means
a class of contributions specified in relation to that
benefit in subsection ( 4) above ; and
(c) " the earnings factor ", in relation to a person's contri-
butions of any class or classes, means the aggregate
of his earnings factors derived from all those
contributions.
( 10 ) In this Part of this Act, " benefit year " means a period
beginning with the first Sunday in January in any calendar year
and ending with the Saturday immediately preceding the first
Sunday in January in the following calendar year :
Provided that for any prescribed purposes of this Chapter
" benefit year " may by regulations be made to mean such other
period (whether or not a period of 12 months) as may be
specified in the regulations.
(11) Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect as to
the satisfaction of contribution conditions for benefit in certain
cases where a claim for short-term benefit is, or has on a previous
occasion been, made in the first or second year after that in
which the contributor concerned first became liable for primary
Class 1 or Class 2 contributions.
PART I
Unemployment benefit, sickness benefit and
invalidity benefit
10.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person Unemploy-
who satisfies any of the three conditions of subsection (2) below ment benefit
shall be entitled-
and sickness
benefit.(a) to unemployment benefit in respect of any day of
unemployment which forms part of a period of
interruption of employment ; and
(b) to sickness benefit in respect of any day of incapacity
for work which forms part of such a period.
( 2) The conditions of this subsection are that-
(a ) the person is under pensionable age on the day in ques-
tion and satisfies the contribution conditions specified
for unemployment or, as the case may be, sickness
benefit in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act ; or
(b) the person would on that day have been entitled to a
Category A retirement pension if he had retired from
regular employment on attaining pensionable age ; or
( c ) the person is a woman and-
(i ) she would on that day have been entitled to
a Category B retirement pension and the husband
by virtue of whose contributions she would have
been so entitled is dead, but
c .38
754 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( ii) she has made an election for the purposes of
section 26(2) of this Act (return to work after retire-
ment) and has not revoked her election.
( 3) A person shall not be entitled either to unemployment
benefit or to sickness benefit for the first 3 days of any period
of interruption of employment.
( 4 ) In the case of a person entitled under subsection ( 2) (a)
above, unemployment or sickness benefit shall be payable-
( a ) at the higher rate specified in relation thereto in Part I
of Schedule 4 to this Act-
(i ) in the case of a married woman, during any
period falling within subsection (5) below, and
(ii ) in the case of a person other than a married
woman ; and
( b) at the lower rate so specified in the case of a married
woman during any period not falling within that
subsection.
(5) The periods during which unemployment or sickness
benefit is payable to a married woman at the higher rate are-
( a ) any period during which she is entitled to an increase
of benefit in respect of her husband under section 34(2)
of this Act ( dependant husband incapable of self-
support) ; and
( b ) any period during which she is residing with her
husband and he is entitled to an invalidity pension,
to a Category A, Category C or Category D retirement
pension or to any unemployability supplement or
allowance ; and
( c ) any period during which she is not residing with her
husband nor is he contributing to her maintenance at
a weekly rate not less than the difference between the
higher rate and the lower rate of the benefit.
(6) The reference in subsection (5 ) ( b) above to unemploy-
ability supplement or allowance shall be construed in accord-
ance with Schedule 5 to this Act.
( 7) In the case of a person entitled under subsection (2) (b)
or (c) above (being over pensionable age), unemployment benefit
or sickness benefit shall be payable at the weekly rate at which,
apart from any increase to be disregarded for the purposes of
this subsection, the retirement pension referred to in the appli-
cable paragraph of subsection ( 2 ) would have been payable ;
and the increases to be so disregarded are-
( a) any increase (for days of increment between pension-
able age and retirement) under section 24( 4 ) or (5) or
25( 10) of this Act ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 755
( b) any increase (for dependants) under section 31 or 35 ;
and
( c ) where the claim is for unemployment benefit, any in-
crease (for invalidity) under section 24(7) ;
and, in determining for the purposes of this subsection the rate
at which a retirement pension would have been payable, section
26( 1 ) of this Act (earnings rule ) shall be taken not to apply.
( 8) Where a person is entitled to unemployment or sickness
benefit, he shall also be entitled to earnings -related supplement
of the benefit, at a weekly rate ascertained in accordance with
Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act, for any day of unemployment
or incapacity for work, being a day-
( a ) on which he is under pensionable age ; and
( b ) which forms part of a period of interruption of employ-
ment and is not earlier than the 13th day of that
period;
but where he has been entitled to the supplement in respect
of an aggregate of 156 days in the same period of interrup-
tion of employment (including for this purpose, in the case of
awoman, any days in that period in respect of which she has
been entitled to earnings -related supplement of a maternity
allowance), he shall not be entitled thereto in respect of any
further day in that period.
This subsection shall be subject to Part II of Schedule 6
to this Act.
( 9) The amount payable by way of benefit under this section
for any day of unemployment or of incapacity for work shall
be 1/6th of the appropriate weekly rate.
PART I
11.-(1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Invalidity
where in respect of any period of interruption of employment benefit.
a person has been entitled to sickness benefit for 168 days
( including, in the case of a woman, any day for which she was
entitled to a maternity allowance), then-
( a ) he shall cease to be entitled to that benefit for any
subsequent day of incapacity for work falling within
that period ; and
(b) he shall be entitled to an invalidity pension for any day
of incapacity for work in that period for which, by
virtue only of paragraph (a ) above, he is not entitled
to sickness benefit if on that day either-
(i ) he is under pensionable age, or
(ii ) being over that age and not having retired
from regular employment, he satisfies either of the
conditions of subsection (2) below ;
c .38
756 Social Security Act 1973
PARI I and any day in the first 3 days of a period of interruption of
employment which was a day of incapacity for work shall be
treated for the purposes of this subsection as a day on which
he was so entitled.
( 2 ) The conditions of this subsection are that-
(a ) the person would on that day have been entitled to a
Category A retirement pension if he had retired from
regular employment on attaining pensionable age ; or
(b) the person is a woman and-
(i) she would on that day have been entitled to a
Category B retirement pension and the husband
by virtue of whose contributions she would have
been so entitled is dead, but
(ii ) she has made an election for the purposes of
section 26(2) of this Act (return to work after retire-
ment) and has not revoked her election.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, an invalidity pension shall
be payable at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act.
( 4 ) In the case of a person entitled to an invalidity pension
under subsection ( 2) (a) or (b) above (being over pensionable
age) , the pension shall be payable at the weekly rate at which,
apart from any increase to be disregarded for the purposes
of this subsection, the retirement pension referred to in the
applicable paragraph of subsection (2) would have been pay-
able ; and the increases to be so disregarded are-
( a ) any increase (for days of increment between pensionable
age and retirement) under section 24( 4) or (5) or 25( 10)
of this Act ; and
( b ) any increase (for dependants) under section 31 or 35.
( 5) If a person is more than 5 years below pensionable age
on the qualifying date in any period of interruption of employ-
ment then, in respect of every day of that period in respect
of which he is entitled to an invalidity pension , he shall also be
entitled to an invalidity allowance at the appropriate weekly rate
specified in relation thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act ;
and " the qualifying date " means the first day in that period
( whether before the coming into force of this section or later)
which is a day of incapacity for work or such earlier day as
may be prescribed.
(6) An invalidity allowance shall be payable-
( a ) at the higher rate specified in relation thereto in Part I
of Schedule 4 to this Act, if on the qualifying date the
beneficiary was under the age of 35, or if that date fell
before 5th July 1948 ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 757
( b ) at the middle rate so specified if paragraph ( a) above
PART I
does not apply and on the qualifying date the bene-
ficiary was under the age of 45 ;
( c ) at the lower rate so specified if paragraphs (a ) and (b)
above do not apply, and on the qualifying date the
beneficiary was a man under the age of 60 or a woman
under the age of 55 .
( 7 ) The amount payable by way of benefit under this section
for any day of incapacity for work shall be 1/6th of the
appropriate weekly rate.
12.-( 1 ) For the purposes of any provision of this Act relating Determination
to unemployment benefit, sickness benefit or invalidity benefit
of days
for which( a ) subject to the provisions of this Act, a day shall not be
benefit is
treated in relation to any person-
payable.
(i) as a day of unemployment unless on that day
he is capable of work and he is, or is deemed in
accordance with regulations to be, available to be
employed in employed earner's employment ; or
(ii) as a day of incapacity for work unless on that
day he is, or is deemed in accordance with regula-
tions to be, incapable of work by reason of
some specific disease or bodily or mental
disablement ;
( b) where a person is an employed earner and his employ-
ment as such has not been terminated, then in any week
a day on which in the normal course that person
would not work in that employment or in any other
employed earner's employment shall not be treated
as a day of unemployment unless each other day in
that week (other than the day referred to in paragraph
(e ) below ) on which in the normal course he would so
work is a day of interruption of employment ;
( c) the expression " day of interruption of employment
"
means a day which is a day of unemployment or of
incapacity for work ;
( d ) any two days of interruption of employment, whether
consecutive or not, within a period of 6 consecutive
days shall be treated as a period of interruption of
employment and any two such periods not separated
by a period of more than 13 weeks ( " week " for this
purpose meaning any period of 7 days) shall be treated
as one period of interruption of employment ;
( e) Sunday or such other day in each week as may be
prescribed shall not be treated as a day of unemploy-
ment or of incapacity for work and shall be disregarded
in computing any period of consecutive days.
c. 38
758 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( 2 ) Regulations may-
( a) make provision (subject to subsection ( 1 ) above) as to
the days which are or are not to be treated for the
purposes of unemployment benefit, sickness benefit,
invalidity benefit and a maternity allowance as days of
unemployment or of incapacity for work ;
(b) prescribe respective circumstances in which, for the
purposes of subsection ( 1) ( b) above-
(i) employment which has not been terminated
may be treated as if it had been terminated ; or
(ii) a day which falls in a period when an em-
ployed earner's employment is suspended but does
not fall to be so treated and which, apart from the
regulations, would not fall to be treated as a day of
interruption of employment may be treated as such
aday.
( 3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall, for the
purposes of earnings-related supplement under section 10( 8) of
this Act and, on and after such day as the Secretary of State
may by order appoint, for all other purposes of this Chapter,
have effect-
( a ) with the substitution for paragraph ( b ) of subsection (1)
of the following paragraph-
" (b) where a person is an employed earner and
his employment as such has not been terminated
buthasbeen suspended by the employer, a day shall
not be treated in relation to that person as a day of
unemployment unless it is the 7th or a later day in a
continuous period of days on which that suspension
haslasted, there being disregarded for the purposes of
determining the first 6 days of the period ( but for
no other purpose) -
( i) Sunday or such other day in each week as
may have been prescribed under para-
graph (e) of this subsection,
( ii) any day of recognised or customary holiday
in connection with the suspended employ-
ment,
(iii ) such other day or days as may be pre-
scribed ; " and
( b ) with the substitution for paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 2)
of the following paragraph-
66 ( b) prescribe respective circumstances in which
for the purposes of subsection (1 )(b) above an em-
ployed earner's employment may be treated-
( i) as having been or, as the case may be, as
not having been terminated, or
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 759
(ii ) as having been or, as the case may be, as not having been suspended . ".
PART I
13.-(1 ) A person who, in respect of any period of inter- Exhaustion
ruption of employment, has been entitled to unemployment of , and
benefit for 312 days shall not thereafter be entitled to that bene- requalification
for,
fit for any day of unemployment ( whether in the same or aunemployment
subsequent period of interruption of employment) unless before benefit.
that day he has requalified for benefit.
( 2 ) Where a person has exhausted his right to unemployment
benefit, he shall requalify for it when-
( a ) he has again been in employment as an employed
earner and has been so employed in 13 weeks since the
last day for which he was entitled to that benefit ; and
( b) in each of those weeks he has worked in such employ-
ment for 21 hours or more.
( 3) Where a person requalifies for unemployment benefit,
subsection ( 1 ) above shall again apply to him but , in a case
where the period of interruption of employment in which he
exhausted his right to that benefit continues after his requalifica-
tion, as if the part before and the part after his requalification
were distinct periods of interruption of employment.
14 .-(1 ) A person who has lost employment as an employed Disqualifica-
earner by reason of a stoppage of work which was due to a tions and
trade dispute at his place of employment shall be disqualified special
for receiving unemployment benefit so long as the stoppage conditions.
continues, except in a case where, during the stoppage, he has
become bona fide employed elsewhere in the occupation which
he usually follows or has become regularly engaged in some
other occupation ; but this subsection shall not apply in the
case of a person who proves-
( a ) that he is not participating in or financing or directly
interested in the trade dispute which caused the stoppage
ofwork; and
( b) that he does not belong to a grade or class of workers of
which, immediately before the commencement of the
stoppage, there were members employed at his place of
employment any of whom are participating in or
financing or directly interested in the dispute.
( 2) A person shall be disqualified for receiving unemployment
benefit for such period not exceeding 6 weeks as may be
determined in accordance with Part IV of the former principal
Act if-
( a ) he has lost his employment as an employed earner
through his misconduct , or has voluntarily left such
employment without just cause ;
c. 38
760 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( b) after a situation in any suitable employment has been
properly notified to him as vacant or about to become
vacant, he has without good cause refused or failed to
apply for that situation or refused to accept that
situation when offered to him ;
( c ) he has neglected to avail himself of a reasonable oppor-
tunity of suitable employment ;
(d ) he has without good cause refused or failed to carry out
any official recommendations given to him with a view
to assisting him to find suitable employment, being
recommendations which were reasonable having regard
to his circumstances and to the means of obtaining
that employment usually adopted in the district in
which he resides ; or
( e ) he has without good cause refused or failed to avail
himself of a reasonable opportunity of receiving training
approved by the Secretary of State in his case for the
purpose of becoming or keeping fit for entry into, or
return to, regular employment.
(3) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a person for
receiving sickness benefit or invalidity benefit for such period
not exceeding 6 weeks as may be determined in accordance with
Part IV of the former principal Act if-
( a ) he has become incapable of work through his own
misconduct ; or
( b) he fails without good cause to attend for, or to submit
himself to, such medical or other examination or treat-
ment as may be required in accordance with the
regulations , or to observe any prescribed rules of
behaviour.
( 4) Regulations may also provide for imposing, in the case of
any prescribed category of persons, additional conditions with
respect to the receipt of unemployment benefit, sickness benefit
or invalidity benefit, and restrictions on the rate and duration
thereof, if, having regard to special circumstances, it appears to
the Secretary of State necessary to do so for the purpose of
preventing inequalities, or injustice to the general body of
employed earners, or of earners generally, as the case may be.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section, employment shall not be
deemed to be employment suitable in the case of any person if
it is either-
(a) employment in a situation vacant in consequence of a
stoppage of work due to a trade dispute ; or
( b) employment in his usual occupation in the district
where he was last ordinarily employed at a rate of
remuneration lower, or on conditions less favourable,
than those which he might reasonably have expected
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 761
to obtain having regard to those which he habitually
obtained in his usual occupation in that district, or
would have obtained had he continued to be so
employed ; or
(c) employment in his usual occupation in any other district
at a rate of remuneration lower, or on conditions less
favourable, than those generally observed in that
district ( by agreement between associations of em-
ployers and of employees or, failing any such agree-
ment, than those generally recognised in that district
by good employers ;
but, after the lapse of such an interval from the date on which
he becomes unemployed as in the circumstances of the case is
reasonable, employment shall not be deemed to be unsuitable
by reason only that it is employment of a kind other than
employment in his usual occupation if it is employment at a
rate of remuneration not lower, and on conditions not less
favourable, than those generally observed by agreement between
associations of employers and of employees or, failing any
such agreement, than those generally recognised by good
employers.
( 6 ) In this section-
(a ) " place of employment " in relation to any person,
means the factory, workshop, farm or other premises
or place at which he was employed, so however that,
where separate branches of work which are commonly
carried on as separate businesses in separate premises
or at separate places are in any case carried on in
separate departments on the same premises or at the
same place, each of those departments shall for the
purposes of this paragraph be deemed to be a separate
factory or workshop or farm or separate premises or
a separate place, as the case may be ;
( b) " trade dispute " means any dispute between employers
and employees, or between employees and employees,
which is connected with the employment or non-
employment or the terms of employment or the condi-
tions of employment of any persons, whether employees
in the employment of the employer with whom the
dispute arises, or not ;
( c) " properly notified ", in subsection (2) (b) , means notified
by an employment exchange, the Employment Service
Agency, a local education authority or some other
recognised agency, or by or on behalf of an employer ;
( d ) " official recommendations ", in subsection (2) (d ) , means
recommendations in writing made by an officer of an
employment exchange, the Employment Service Agency
or a local education authority ;
PART I
c .38
762 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
1948 с. 46.
Attendance
allowance.
( e) " employment exchange " has the same meaning as in
the Employment and Training Act 1948 ; and
( f ) " week " means any period of7 days.
Attendance allowance
15.- ( 1 ) A person shall be entitled to an attendance allow-
ance if he satisfies prescribed conditions as to residence or
presence in Great Britain and either-
( a) he is so severely disabled physically or mentally that, by
day, he requires from another person either-
( i) frequent attention throughout the day in con-
nection with his bodily functions, or
( ii ) continual supervision throughout the day in
order to avoid substantial danger to himself or
others ; or
(b) he is so severely disabled physically or mentally that , at
night, he requires from another person either-
( i) prolonged or repeated attention during the
night in connection with his bodily functions, or
( ii) continual supervision throughout the night in
order to avoid substantial danger to himself or
others.
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
period for which attendance allowance is payable to any person
shall be that specified in a certificate issued in respect of him
by the Attendance Allowance Board as being-
( a) a period throughout which he has satisfied or is likely to
satisfy the condition mentioned in subsection ( 1) ( a)
above or that mentioned in ( 1) (b) , or both ; and
( b) a period immediately preceded by one of not less than
6 months throughout which he satisfied or is likely
to satisfy one or both of those conditions ;
and the weekly rate of the attendance allowance payable to a
person for any period shall be the higher rate specified in
relation thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if the
certificate states both as regards that period and as regards
the preceding 6 months that he has satisfied or is likely to satisfy
both those conditions, and shall be the lower rate so specified
if the certificate does not so state.
( 3) An attendance allowance shall not be payable to a person
for any period preceding the date on which he makes a claim
for it ; but, except in so far as regulations otherwise provide-
( a) a claim for an attendance allowance may be made during
the period of 6 months mentioned in subsection (2) (b)
above, and an award may be made in pursuance of the
claim subject to the condition that throughout that
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 763
period the person towhom the claim relates satisfies the
PART I
conditions there mentioned or , if the award is at the
lower rate, one of those conditions ; and
( b) an award so made may be reviewed if at any time it is
found that during the period of the award or the
interval between the making of the award and the
beginning of that period the conditions so mentioned
were at some time not both satisfied or, in the case of
an award at the lower rate , were at some time not either
of them satisfied.
( 4 ) Regulations may provide that subsections ( 1) to ( 3) above,
and any other provision of this Act so far as the provision relates
to any of those subsections, shall have effect, in relation to any
severely disabled person who is under the age of 16, subject to
such modifications as may be prescribed ; but nothing in this
subsection authorises any increase in the rate of an attendance
allowance.
( 5) Regulations may provide that an attendance allowance
shall not be payable in respect of a person for any period
when he is a person for whom accommodation is provided-
( a) in pursuance of Part III of the National Assistance Act 1948 c. 29.
1948, section 12 of the Health Services and Public 1968 c. 46.
Health Act 1968 or Part IV of the Social Work (Scot- 1968 c. 49.
land) Act 1968 ; or
( b) in circumstances in which the cost is, or may be, borne
wholly or partly out of public or local funds, in pur-
suance of any other enactment relating to persons
under disability or to young persons or to education or
training .
( 6 ) The Attendance Allowance Board constituted under
section 5 of the National Insurance Act 1970 shall continue in 1970 с. 51 .
being by that name and have (in addition to the functions
conferred on them by any provision of this Act other than this
section ) -
(a) the functions of advising the Secretary of State on such
matters as he may refer to them relating to-
(i ) the operation of the provisions of this Part
of this Act in relation to attendance allowance
( including questions as to the advisability of
amending those provisions) ,
(ii ) the exercise, in relation to attendance allow-
ance, of his powers under those provisions ; and
(b) such other functions, if any, as the Secretary of State
may determine.
(7) Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the Attendance Allowance Board and their affairs ; and-
c. 38
764 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Maternity
grant .
( a) Part I of the Schedule relates to the Board's membership
and the method by which their functions are to be
performed ;
( b) Part II relates to the Board's personnel, administration
and expenses ; and
( c ) Part III relates to the Board's determination of
questions arising in connection with claims and to
reviews of determinations and appeals therefrom ;
but regulations may make further provision as to the constitution
and procedure of the Board.
Maternity benefit
16.-( 1) A woman shall be entitled to a maternity grant of
the amount specified in relation thereto in Part II of Schedule
4 to this Act if she has been confined and either-
( a ) she or her husband satisfies the contribution conditions
for a maternity grant specified in Part I of Schedule 3
to this Act ; or
( b) she satisfies either-
(i) the contribution conditions for a maternity
allowance specified in that Part of Schedule 3, or
(ii ) any contribution conditions which she is
required to satisfy in order to become entitled to
maternity allowance at a reduced rate by virtue of
regulations under section 37 of this Act (partial
satisfaction of contribution conditions) .
( 2) In subsection ( 1) (a ) above, the reference to a woman's
husband includes a widow's late husband in a case where she
has been confined of a posthumous son or daughter of his.
( 3) Except where regulations otherwise provide, a woman
shall not be entitled to a maternity grant in respect of a confine-
ment if on the date of the confinement she was outside Great
Britain.
( 4) Regulations may provide that a woman confined of twins
or a greater number of children shall, if the other conditions for
the payment of a maternity grant are satisfied in respect of the
confinement, be entitled to a maternity grant for each of them.
( 5) Regulations may provide that the provisions of this section
shall apply to a woman, in a case where her claim indicates that
she so desires, with the substitution for the condition that she
has been confined of the condition that she is pregnant and has
reached a stage in her pregnancy which is not more than the
prescribed number of weeks before that in which it is to be
expected that she will be confined, and may modify the contri-
bution conditions for a maternity grant in their application to
such a case.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 765
( 6 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) above, a woman shall not be PART I
entitled to more than one maternity grant in respect of any
one confinement.
17.-( 1 ) A woman shall be entitled to a maternity allowance Maternity
at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in Part I of allowance.
Schedule 4 to this Act if-
(a) she is pregnant and has reached a stage in her pregnancy
which is not more than the prescribed number of
weeks before that in which it is to be expected that
she will be confined (in this section referred to as
" the expected week of confinement " ) ; and
(b) she satisfies the contribution conditions for a maternity
allowance specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
period for which a maternity allowance is payable shall be the
period of 18 weeks beginning with the 11th week before the
expected week of confinement ; and this shall be the maternity
allowance period for the purposes of this section and the relevant
contribution conditions.
( 3) A day for which a woman is entitled to a maternity allow-
ance shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act
to be for her a day of incapacity for work.
(4) Where a woman is entitled to a maternity allowance, she
shall also be entitled to earnings-related supplement of the
allowance, at a weekly rate ascertained in accordance with Part
I of Schedule 6 to this Act, in respect of every day of the
maternity allowance period which forms part of a period of inter-
ruption of employment and is not earlier than the 13th day of
the latter period ; but where she has been entitled to the supple-
ment in respect of an aggregate of 156 days in the same period
of interruption of employment (including for this purpose any
days in that period in respect of which she has been entitled to
earnings-related supplement of unemployment or sickness
benefit) she shall not be entitled thereto in respect of any further
day in that period.
This subsection shall be subject to Part II of Schedule 6 to
this Act.
( 5) A woman who has become entitled to a maternity allow-
ance shall cease to be entitled to it if she dies before the
beginning of the maternity allowance period ; and if she dies
after the beginning, but before the end, of that period the
allowance shall not be payable for any week subsequent to that
in which she dies .
c .38
766 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Supple-
mentary
provisions
as to
maternity
benefit.
(6) Regulations may provide that a woman who has become
entitled to a maternity allowance shall cease to be entitled
to it if her pregnancy is terminated otherwise than by
confinement.
( 7) Regulations may make provision, as respects cases where
the date of the confinement occurs after the end of the expected
week of confinement, for extending the maternity allowance
period until the end of such week (not being later than the 6th
week after that in which the date of the confinement occurs)
as may be prescribed.
( 8) Regulations may modify subsections ( 1) (a) and (b) , (2) and
( 5 ) above in relation to cases where a woman has been confined
and either--
( a ) she has not made a claim for a maternity allowance
in expectation of that confinement ( other than a claim
which has been disallowed) ; or
( b) she has made a claim for a maternity allowance in
expectation of that confinement (other than a claim
which has been disallowed ), but the date of the con-
finement was more than 11 weeks before the expected
week of confinement.
(9) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a woman for
receiving a maternity allowance if-
( a ) during the maternity allowance period, she does any
work in employment as an employed or self - employed
earner, or fails without good cause to observe any
prescribed rules of behaviour ; or
( b) at any time before her confinement occurs she fails
without good cause to attend for, or submit herself to,
any medical examination required in accordance with
the regulations.
(10) Where for any purpose of this Part of this Act or of
regulations it is necessary to calculate the daily rate of a
maternity allowance-
( a ) Sunday or such other day in each week as may be
prescribed shall be disregarded ; and
( b) the amount payable by way of that allowance for any
other day shall be taken as 1/6th of the weekly rate
of the allowance.
18.- (1) In this Part of this Act-
(a ) " confinement " means labour resulting in the issue of
a living child, or labour after 28 weeks of pregnancy
resulting in the issue of a child whether alive or dead,
and " confined " shall be construed accordingly ; and
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 767
( b) references to the date of the confinement shall be taken
PARTI
as referring, where labour begun on one day results
in the issue of a child on another day, to the date of
the issue of the child, or if the woman is confined
of twins or a greater number of children, to the date
of the issue of the last of them.
( 2) The fact that the mother of an illegitimate child is entitled
to maternity benefit shall not be taken into consideration-
( a) by any justices in England and Wales in deciding
whether or not they shall make an order under the
Affiliation Proceedings Act 1957 for the payment of 1957 c. 55.
the expenses incidental to the birth of the child ; or
( b) by any court in Scotland in awarding inlying expenses
in connection with the birth of the child.
Widow's benefit
19.-( 1 ) A woman who has been widowed shall be entitled Widow's
to a widow's allowance at the weekly rate specified in relation allowance.
thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if-
( a) she was under pensionable age at the time when her
late husband died, or he was then not entitled to a
Category A retirement pension ; and
( b ) her late husband satisfied the contribution condition
for a widow's allowance specified in Part I of Schedule
3 to this Act.
( 2) The period for which a widow's allowance is payable to a
widow shall be the 26 weeks next following the husband's
death:
Provided that the allowance shall not be payable for any
period after the widow's death or remarriage or for any period
during which she is cohabiting with a man as his wife.
( 3) A woman entitled to a widow's allowance shall be entitled
to earnings- related addition to the allowance, at a weekly rate
ascertained in accordance with Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act,
in respect of each week of the period for which the allowance
is payable.
This subsection shall be subject to Part II of Schedule 6 to
thisAct.
20.- ( 1 ) A woman who has been widowed shall be entitled Widowed
to a widowed mother's allowance at the weekly rate specified mother's
in relation thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if her late
allowance.
husband satisfied the contribution conditions for a widowed
mother's allowance specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this
Act and either-
( a ) the woman has a family which satisfies the condition
specified in susection (2) below ; or
c .38
768 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Widow's
pension.
( b ) subject to such exceptions and conditions as may be
prescribed, she has residing with her a person who-
( i) is under the age of 19 and is or has been a
child falling within any of the paragraphs of that
subsection, or
(ii) is under that age and would have been such a
child but for the fact that, at the time when the
woman's late husband died, the person had attained
school-leaving age or was not in Great Britain ; or
(c ) the widow is pregnant by her late husband.
( 2 ) The condition referred to in subsection ( 1) (a) above is
that the woman's family includes a child with respect to whom
one of the conditions specified in section 33(1) of this Act (con-
ditions of payment of increase for child dependants) is for the
time being satisfied and who either-
(a ) at her late husband's death was, or could have been
treated under paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the
Family Allowances Act as, a child of his family ; or
(b) is a son or daughter of theirs ; or
( c ) subject to such exceptions and conditions as may be
prescribed, having at the death of a previous husband
of the widow by a marriage which ended with that
husband's death been a child of that husband's family,
was at the death of her late husband a child of the
woman's family.
( 3) The period for which a widowed mother's allowance is
payable to a woman shall be any period during which she
satisfies the requirements of subsection ( 1) (a) , (b) or (c) above
and for which she is not entitled to a widow's allowance :
Provided that the allowance shall not be payable for any
period after the widow's remarriage or for any period during
which she is cohabiting with a man as his wife.
21.-( 1 ) A woman who has been widowed shall be entitled
to a widow's pension at the weekly rate specified in relation
thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if her late husband
satisfied the contribution conditions for a widow's pension
specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act and either-
(a ) she was, at the husband's death, over the age of 40
but under the age of 65 ; or
(b) she ceased to be entitled to a widowed mother's allow-
ance at a time when she was over the age of 40 but
under the age of 65.
( 2) The weekly rate of a widow's pension payable to a
woman who was under the age of 50 at the time when her late
husband died or, as the case may be, when she ceased to
be entitled to a widowed mother's allowance shall be
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 769
reduced by an amount equal to 7 per cent . of its amount apart
PART I
from this subsection multiplied by the number of years by
which her age at that time was less than 50 (any fraction of a
year being counted as a year) .
( 3) The period for which a widow's pension is payable to a
woman shall be any period during which she is under the age of
65 and for which she is not entitled to a widow's allowance
or a widowed mother's allowance :
Provided that the pension shall not be payable for any period
after the widow's remarriage or for any period during which
she is cohabiting with a man as his wife.
Guardian's aliowance
22.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act (and in Guardian's
particular to those of section 33 imposing limitations on payment allowance.
of benefit in respect of children ) , a person shall be entitled to
a guardian's allowance at the weekly rate specified in relation
thereto in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act in respect of a
child of his family, where the circumstances are any of those
specified in subsection (2) below.
( 2 ) The circumstances referred to in subsection (1) are--
( a) that both of the child's parents are dead ; or
( b) that one of the child's parents is dead and the person
claiming a guardian's allowance shows that he was at
the date of the death unaware of, and has failed after
all reasonable efforts to discover, the whereabouts of
the other parent ; or
(c ) that one of the child's parents is dead and the other is
inprison.
(3) There shall be no entitlement to a guardian's allowance
in respect of a child unless at least one of the child's parents
satisfies, or immediately before his death satisfied, such condi-
tions as may be prescribed as to nationality, residence, place
of birth or other matters.
( 4) Regulations-
( a) may modify subsection ( 2) or (3) above in relation to
cases in which a child has been adopted or is illegiti-
mate, or the marriage of a child's parents has been
terminated by divorce ;
( b) shall prescribe the circumstances in which a person is
to be treated for the purposes of this section as being
in prison ( by reference to his undergoing a sentence
of imprisonment for life or of a prescribed minimum
duration, or to his being in legal custody in prescribed
circumstances ) ; and
B
c . 38
770 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Matters
affecting
entitlement
topension.
( c ) may , for cases where entitlement to a guardian's allow-
ance is established by reference to a person being in
prison , provide-
(i) for requiring him to pay to the National
Insurance Fund sums paid by way of a guardian's
allowance ;
(ii) for suspending payment of an allowance
where a conviction, sentence or order of a court is
subject to appeal, and for matters arising from the
decision of an appeal ;
(iii) for the cases in which a child is to be treated
as a child of the claimant's family ; and
(iv ) for reducing the rate of an allowance in cases
where the person in prison contributes to the cost
of providing for the child.
( 5) In the case of a child who is a child of the family of a man
and his wife, the wife only shall be entitled to a guardian's
allowance ; but subsections ( 2) to (6 ) of section 4 of the Family
Allowances Act (which specify the persons who are to receive
an allowance under that Act payable in respect of such a child)
shall apply in relation to a guardian's allowance as they apply
in relation to an allowance under that Act.
(6 ) No person shall be entitled to a guardian's allowance in
respect of a child of which he or she is the parent.
Retirement pensions and age addition
23.-( 1 ) In this Act " pensionable age " means-
( a ) in the case of a man, the age of 65 ; and
(b) in the case of a woman, the age of 60.
( 2) For the purposes of this Act a person's working life is the
period between (inclusive) the year in which he attained the
age of 16 and ( exclusive) the year in which he attained pension-
able age or died under that age.
( 3) For those purposes, a person may (subject to the following
subsection ) be treated as having retired from regular employment
at any time after he has attained pensionable age-
( a ) whether or not he has previously been an earner ;
(b) notwithstanding that he is, or intends to be, an earner ,
if-
(i) he is or intends to be so only occasionally or
to an inconsiderable extent, or otherwise in circum-
stances not inconsistent with retirement, or
(ii) his earnings can be expected not to exceed, or
only occasionally to exceed, the amount any excess
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 771
over which would, under section 26( 1) below
( earnings rule), involve a reduction of the weekly
rate of his pension ;
and a person so treated under this subsection shall not cease to
be so treated except in pursuance of an election under section
26( 2) of this Act ( return to work after retirement ).
( 4 ) Subject to the following subsection, a person shall not be
treated as having retired from regular employment unless he has
complied with the prescribed requirements as to the giving of
notice of the date of his retirement ; and where the date of
retirement specified in the notice falls before the date when
the notice is given , the person shall not be treated as having
so retired earlier than on the date of commencement of the
prescribed period before the giving of the notice.
( 5) For the purposes of this Act a person who has not pre-
viously retired from regular employment shall be deemed so to
retire on the expiration of 5 years from his attaining pensionable
age ; and references in this Part of this Act to the date of a
person's retirement shall be construed in accordance with this
section.
( 6 ) No person shall be entitled for the same period to more
than one retirement pension ; but where under the following
sections in this Chapter a person would otherwise be entitled to
more than one such pension, he shall be entitled (whichever
pension he may apply for ) to whichever one is from time to
time the most favourable to him.
PART I
24.- (1) A person shall be entitled to a Category A retire- Category A
ment pension at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in retirement
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if- pension.
( a) he is over pensionable age and has retired from regular
employment ; and
(b) he satisfies the contribution conditions for a Category
A retirement pension specified in Part I of Schedule 3
to this Act ;
and the pension shall commence from the date of retirement
and (subject to section 26( 1) of this Act (earnings rule)) be
payable for the pensioner's life .
( 2) A woman who on attaining pensionable age is married
shall not be entitled to a Category A retirement pension unless
either-
( a ) her marriage ( to the man to whom she is married on
attaining that age) took place on or after the date on
which she attained the age of 55 ; or
B2
c .38
772 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( b) the number of years of her working life ( disregarding the
year in which that marriage took place and any
previous year) for which her earnings factor was
sufficient for satisfaction by her of paragraph (b) of
the second contribution condition for a Category A
retirement pension specified in Part I of Schedule 3
to this Act was at least-
( i) one half of the number of complete years
between (exclusive) the year in which that marriage
took place and (exclusive) the year in which she
attained pensionable age, or
(ii) if that number of years is an odd number, one
half of the next lowest even number.
(3) Where a woman is a widow at the time when she attains
pensionable age and does not with her own contributions satisfy
the second contribution condition for a Category A retirement
pension specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act, then the
contributions of her husband (which, if she has been more than
once married, means her last husband) may, to the extent
provided by Schedule 8 to this Act, be treated as if they were
contributions of her own.
( 4) The weekly rate of a Category A retirement pension shall
be increased by 1/8th per cent. of its rate apart from this
subsection for every 6 days (excluding Sundays) which-
( a) fall in the period beginning with the day on which
the pensioner attained pensionable age and ending
with the day before that of his retirement ; and
(b) are treated by regulations as being, in relation to him
and his pension, days of increment under this
subsection,
but only if the number of such days is at least 48 ; and a day
may be so treated by reference to the pensioner or some other
person having received, or not having received, benefit of any
prescribed description (whether or not under this Act) in respect
of that day or a period in which it falls or by reference to any
other circumstances whatsoever.
(5) In the case of a woman entitled to a Category Aretirement
pension, the rate of the pension (with or without any increase
under subsection ( 4 ) above) shall, if-
(a ) she has had a husband and he has died, and she was
married to him when he died ; and
(b) the husband either-
(i) was entitled to a Category A retirement pension
with increases under subsection (4 ) above, or
(ii ) would have been so entitled if he had retired
on the date of his death,
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 773
be increased by 1/16th per cent. of the rate of the pension to
PART I
which he was (or would have been ) entitled for every 6 days
which were (or would have been ) in relation to him and that
pension days of increment under subsection (4 ), but only if the
number of such days is at least 48.
( 6) Where under subsection ( 4) or (5) above an increase is
calculated as a percentage applied to a rate, there shall in
arriving at that rate be disregarded any increase otherwise than
under subsection (7) below.
(7 ) The weekly rate of a Category A retirement pension shall
be increased under this subsection if the pensioner was entitled
to an invalidity allowance in respect of-
( a) any day falling within the period of 13 weeks ending
immediately before the day on which he attains
pensionable age, or
( b ) the last day before the beginning of that period ;
and the increase shall be of an amount equal to the weekly
rate of the invalidity allowance (whether the higher, the middle
or the lower rate ) to which he was entitled on that day....
( 8) In ascertaining-
(a) for the purposes of subsection (5) above, the rate of the
pension of a woman's former husband ; and
( b ) for the purposes of subsection ( 7) above, the rate of a
pensioner's invalidity allowance,
regard is to be had to the rates in force from time to time as
increased by orders under section 39 of this Act (annual up -rating
review) or by any Act passed after this Act.
25.-( 1 ) A woman who is or has been married, and has Category B
attained pensionable age, shall be entitled to a Category B retirement
retirement pension by virtue of the contributions of her husband ; pension ( for
a woman,
and the cases in which a woman is to be so entitled are those based on her
specified in subsections (2) to (5) below.
husband's
( 2 ) The first case of entitlement is where the woman is contributions).
married to that husband at the time when she attains pensionable
age and-
( a) he also has attained pensionable age, and both of them
have retired from regular employment ; and
( b ) he satisfies the relevant contribution conditions.
( 3) The second case of entitlement is where the woman
marries after attaining pensionable age and-
( a) her husband has also attained pensionable age and
both of them have retired from regular employment ;
and
( b) he satisfies the relevant contribution conditions.
B3
c .38
774 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( 4 ) The third case of entitlement is where the woman's
husband is dead and his death was after she attained pensionable
age, and-
(a) she was married to him when he died; and
( b ) before his death he satisfied the relevant contribution
conditions.
( 5 ) The fourth case of entitlement is where the woman's
husband is dead and his death was before she attained pen-
sionable age, and-
( a ) she has retired from regular employment ; and
( b) she was a widow immediately before attaining pension-
able age and is entitled ( or is treated by regulations
as entitled ) to a widow's pension ; and
( c ) she became entitled to the pension in consequence of
the husband's death.
(6) The relevant contribution conditions for the purposes of
the first, second and third cases of entitlement are those speci-
fied in paragraph 5 of Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act (Cate-
gory B retirement pension or widow's pension, as the case may
be ).
( 7 ) Awoman's Category B retirement pension-
( a ) in the first and second cases of entitlement shall-
( i) during any period in which the husband is
alive, be at the lower rate specified in relation thereto
in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act, and
(ii) during any period after he is dead, be at the
higher rate so specified ; and
( b) in the third case of entitlement, shall be at the higher
rate so specified ; and
(c ) in the fourth case of entitlement, shall be at the same
weekly rate as her widow's pension.
(8) Where a woman would but for section 23(6) of this Act be
entitled both to a Category A and also to a Category B retire-
ment pension, and section 24(7) of this Act would apply for the
increase of the former pension, it shall be taken as applying also
for the increase of the latter.
(9) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a woman's Category
B retirement pension shall commence from the date on which she
becomes entitled under whichever of subsections ( 2) to (5) above
is applicable in her case, and shall be payable for her life.
( 10) Where a woman is entitled to a Category B retirement
pension by virtue of the contributions of her husband, the weekly
rate of the pension shall be increased-
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 775
( a) during any period in which he is alive ( and she remains
PART I
his wife) by 1 /16th per cent. of his pension for every
6 days (excluding Sundays) which-
( i ) fall in the period beginning with the day on
which he attained pensionable age and ending with
the day before that of his retirement and not in a
period before she married him or attained pension-
able age ; and
( ii ) in relation to him and his pension, were days
of increment under section 24(4),
but only if the number of such days is at least 48 ; and
( b ) during any period after he is dead, if she was married to
him when he died, by that amount plus an additional
1/16th per cent. of the husband's pension for every
6 days which were in relation to him and his pension
days of increment under section 24( 4), but only if the
number of such days is at least 48.
( 11 ) References in subsection ( 10) above to the husband's
pension are to that pension without any increase otherwise than
under section 24(7 ) of this Act ; and in ascertaining the rate of
his pension for the purposes of subsection (10) regard is to be
had to the rates in force from time to time as increased by
orders under section 39 of this Act (annual up -rating review),
or by any Act passed after this Act.
(12) Where a woman has made an election in accordance with
regulations under section 26(2) of this Act (return to work after
retirement) and has not revoked her election, there shall be
taken into account, as days of increment in relation to her for
the purposes of any increase of her pension under subsection
( 10) ( b) above, any days after the date of her election and after
the date of the death of her husband by virtue of whose contribu-
tions she is entitled to the pension, being days which would,
if she were entitled to a Category A retirement pension, be days
of increment under section 24( 4) of this Act in relation to her
and that pension.
26.-(1 ) Where the earnings of a person entitled to a Category Supplement-
A or Category B retirement pension, being a person who is less ary provisions
than 5 years over pensionable age, have exceeded £ 9.50 for the as to Category
Aand B
week ending last before any week for which he is entitled to the retirement
pension, the weekly rate of pension for the last -mentioned week pensions.
shall be reduced-
(a) where the excess is less than £ 4, by 5 pence for each
complete 10 pence of the excess ; and
(b) where the excess is not less than £ 4, by 5 pence for each
complete 10 pence of the excess up to £ 4 and by 5
pence for each complete 5 pence of any further excess :
B4
c . 38
776 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Provided that this subsection shall not affect the rate of the
pension for the first week after the date of the beneficiary's
retirement.
In this subsection " week ", where used in the expression
" week for which he is entitled to the pension " and in the
proviso, means such period of 7 days as may be prescribed by
regulations relating to the payment of pensions.
( 2) Regulations may provide that in the case of a person of
any prescribed description who-
( a ) has retired from regular employment or has otherwise
become entitled to a retirement pension ( whether Cat-
gory A or Category B) but is, in the case of a woman,
under the age of 65 or, in the case of a man, under
the age of 70 ; and
( b ) elects in such manner and in accordance with such
conditions as may be prescribed that the regulations
shall apply in his case,
this Part of this Act shall have effect as if that person had not
retired or become entitled to such a retirement pension ; and any
such regulations may make such modifications of this Part,
as it applies in a case where a person makes an election under
the regulations, as may appear to the Secretary of State neces-
sary or expedient.
( 3) Where a husband and wife have both become entitled to
retirement pensions and-
( a) the husband's pension is Category A; and
( b) the wife's pension is Category B by virtue of that
husband's contributions,
the husband shall not be entitled to make an election in accord-
ance with regulations made under subsection (2) above without
the consent of the wife, unless that consent is unreasonably
withheld.
( 4) Where a person has given notice for the purposes of regula-
tions under section 23( 4) of this Act and the date of retirement
specified in the notice falls after the date when the notice was
given, a Category A or Category B retirement pension may be
awarded as from the date of retirement so specified, but if so
awarded shall be conditional on the person's having retired on
or before that date.
Category C
andD
retirement
pensions for
old people, and
related
benefits.
27.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act-
( a) a person who was over pensionable age on 5th July
1948 and satisfies such conditions as may be prescribed
shall be entitled to a Category C retirement pension
at the appropriate weekly rate ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 777
( b) a woman whose husband is entitled to a Category C PART I
retirement pension shall, if she is over pensionable age
and has retired from regular employment and satisfies
such other conditions as may be prescribed, be entitled
to such a pension at the appropriate weekly rate ;
and
( c) a person who is over the age of 80 and satisfies such
conditions as may be prescribed shall be entitled to a
Category D retirement pension at the appropriate
weekly rate if-
(i) he is not entitled to a Category A, Category B
or Category C retirement pension ; or
(ii) he is entitled to such a pension but it is pay-
able at a weekly rate which, disregarding any in-
crease (for dependants) under section 31 or 35 of
this Act, is less than the appropriate weekly rate.
( 2) The appropriate weekly rate of a Category C or Category
D retirement pension-
( a) shall be the lower rate specified in relation thereto in
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act where-
( i) the pensioner is a married woman, and
( ii) she has not , at any time since she became
entitled to her pension, ceased to be a married
woman ; and
( b) shall be the higher rate so specified in any other case.
( 3) A Category C or Category D retirement pension shall be
payable for the pensioner's life .
( 4 ) Regulations may provide for the payment-
(a) to a widow whose husband was over pensionable age
on 5th July 1948 ; or
( b) to a woman whose marriage to a husband who was
over pensionable age on that date was terminated other-
wise than by his death,
of a Category C retirement pension, or of benefit corresponding
to a widow's pension or a widowed mother's allowance ; and
any such pension or benefit shall be at the prescribed rate .
28.-( 1 ) A person who is over the age of 80 and entitled to Age addition.
a retirement pension of any category shall be entitled to an
increase of the pension, known as age addition.
(2) Where a person is in receipt of a pension or allowance
payable by the Secretary of State by virtue of any prescribed
enactment or instrument ( whether passed or made before or
after this Act) and-
( a ) he is over the age of 80 ; and
c .38
778 Social Security Act 1973
PART 1
Child's special
allowance.
Death grant.
( b) he fulfils such other conditions as may be prescribed,
he shall be entitled to an increase of that pension or allowance,
also known as age addition.
( 3) Age addition shall be payable for the life of the person
entitled, at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act.
Child's special allowance
29. Subject to the provisions of this Act (and in particular
to those of section 33 imposing limitations on payment of bene-
fit in respect of children), a woman whose marriage has been
terminated by divorce shall be entitled to a child's special
allowance at the weekly rate specified in relation thereto in
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act if-
( a ) the husband of that marriage is dead and satisfied the
contribution condition for a child's special allowance
specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act ; and
( b) she has a family which includes a child and at that
husband's death the child-
(i) was either a child of her family or, where the
child is issue of theirs within the meaning of the
Family Allowances Act, a child of that husband's
family, or
(ii) would have been within sub-paragraph (i )
above but for the fact that the child was not then
in Great Britain ; and
( c ) either-
( i) that husband had before his death been con-
tributing at not less than the prescribed weekly
rate to the cost of providing for that child, or
(ii) at the date of that husband's death she was
entitled, under an order of a court, trust or agree-
ment which she has taken reasonable steps to
enforce, to receive (whether from that husband or
from another person) payments in respect of that
child at not less than the weekly rate provided or
procured by that husband :
Provided that the allowance shall not be payable for any
period after the woman's remarriage or for any period during
which she is cohabiting with a man as his wife.
Death grant
30.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a death grant
of the amount specified in relation thereto in Part II of Schedule
4 to this Act shall be payable in respect of the death of any
person (in this section and in that Part of the Schedule referred
to as " the deceased ") where the case is one falling within any
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 779
of the paragraphs of Schedule 9 to this Act ; and in that Schedule
and subsection (2) below references to a person being, or having
been , a qualifying contributor are to his satisfying or having
satisfied the contribution condition specified for death grant
in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act.
(2) Regulations may provide that, in a case where the
deceased-
(a ) was a child either at his death or at any time during
the year in which he died or the preceding year ; or
( b) was at his death over the age of 16 and under the age
of 19 and was then incapacitated for regular employ-
ment (within the meaning given to that expression by
paragraph 5 of Schedule 9 to this Act),
but (in either case) a death grant is not payable by virtue of
subsection ( 1 ) above, it shall nevertheless be payable if a person
having such connection with the deceased as may be prescribed
is or was at any time a qualifying contributor.
( 3) Adeath grant shall not be payable in respect of the death
of a person who attained pensionable age before 5th July 1948
nor, except in prescribed cases, in respect of a death occurring
outside Great Britain .
PART I
Child dependants
31.-( 1 ) Subject to section 26( 1) of this Act and to the follow- Increase of
ing provisions of this Chapter, the weekly rate of any benefit benefit for
child
to which this subsection applies shall, for any period for which dependants.
the beneficiary has a family which includes a child or children, be
increased in respect of that child, or each respectively of those
children, by the appropriate amount specified in relation to the
benefit in question in column (2), (3) or (4) of Part III of
Schedule 4 to this Act.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) above applies to-
( a ) unemployment benefit ;
(b) sickness benefit ;
( c ) invalidity pension ;
( d ) maternity allowance ;
(e) widow's allowance ; and
( f ) Category A, B or C retirement pension .
( 3) In the application of subsection ( 1) of this section to a
maternity allowance, references therein to a child or children
shall include references to any child or children born to the
beneficiary on the occasion of the confinement by reason of
whose actual or expected occurrence she became entitled to the
allowance.
c .38
780 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
Additional
provisions as
to increase
under s. 31 .
( 4 ) Subject to section 33 of this Act, the weekly rate of a
widowed mother's allowance payable by virtue of section 20( 1 ) (a)
of this Act shall be increased for any period in respect of the
child or, if more than one, each respectively of the children
falling within paragraph (a), ( b) or (c) of section 20( 2) for the
time being included in her family by the appropriate amount
specified in relation to that allowance in column ( 2), ( 3) or (4)
of Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act.
( 5) Subject to section 33 of this Act, the weekly rate of a
child's special allowance shall, for any period for which the
beneficiary has a family which includes 2 or more children with
respect to whom the conditions specified in section 29(b) and
( c) of this Act are satisfied , be increased in respect of each respec-
tively of those children other than the elder or eldest by the
appropriate amount specified in relation to that allowance in
column (3) or ( 4) of Part III of that Schedule.
(6 ) Where the beneficiary by whom an increase of benefit
under this section is claimed is a married woman residing with
her husband, it shall be an additional condition with respect
to receipt of that increase that her husband is incapable of
self - support.
32.-(1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect with
respect to increases under section 31 of this Act of benefits
other than a child's special allowance.
( 2 ) Subject to section 33 of this Act , a child of the family
of any woman for the time being residing with the beneficiary
shall be treated for the purposes of section 31 as a child
of the beneficiary's family if the child-
(a) is an illegitimate son or daughter of theirs ; or
( b) was born not less than 6 months before the day for
which the increase provided for by that section is
claimed and was wholly or mainly maintained by the
beneficiary throughout the 6 months ending immediately
before that day.
( 3) Subject to section 33, where a man is entitled to unem-
ployment benefit, sickness benefit, an invalidity pension, or
a Category A or C retirement pension, there shall be treated
for the purposes of section 31 as included in the beneficiary's
family any child to whom this subsection applies ; and this
subsection applies to-
(a) a child who, on the day for which the increase pro-
vided by section 31 is claimed, could (though not
otherwise included in the beneficiary's family) have
been treated as so included by virtue of paragraph 3
of the Schedule to the Family Allowances Act ; and
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 781
(b) a child who could have been so treated but for the
fact that the beneficiary is contributing at the appro-
priate rate to the cost of providing for the child ;
and, for the purposes of paragraph (b) above, the appropriate
rate is a weekly rate which, though not less than the prescribed
rate, is less than the minimum rate for the time being required
for the purposes of section 3(2) of the Family Allowances Act.
PART I
( 4 ) In the case of retirement pensions (except Category D) —
( a) where a man and his wife are both entitled to a retire-
ment pension ( being a Category A or C pension in his
case and a Category B or C pension in hers) —
(i ) they shall not both be entitled for the same
period to an increase under section 31( 1) in respect
of the same child, nor shall they both be entitled
for the same period, in respect of different children,
to such an increase at the rate applicable to an only,
elder or eldest child, nor both to such an increase
at the rate applicable to a second child ;
(ii ) where one of them is entitled to such an
increase at either of the rates above mentioned in
respect of a child not included or treated as in-
cluded in the other's family, the rates of any such
increases to which the other is entitled shall be
the rates which would have been appropriate if that
child had been the elder or eldest or, as the case
may be, the second child of the other's family ;
( b) for any reference in subsection (2) above to the day
for which the increase provided for by section 31 ( 1) is
claimed there shall be substituted a reference to the
date of retirement or, where the beneficiary is a
woman who became entitled to the pension without
having retired, the date when she so became entitled ;
and where, but for paragraph (a ) above, a man and his wife
would both be entitled to an increase of a retirement pension
under section 31( 1), regulations may make provision as to their
priority .
33.-( 1 ) Where, apart from this subsection, a person is entitled Limitations
to receive, in respect of a particular child who is, or who on payment
ofbenefit
falls to be treated for the purposes of the relevant provision as in respect
a child of that person's family, payment of an amount by way ofchild
of a guardian's allowance under section 22, or a child's special dependants.
allowance under section 29, or of an increase under any of the
provisions of section 31 of any benefit, that amount shall not
be payable unless one of the following conditions is satisfied-
c .38
782 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
( a ) that the child in question is living with the beneficiary ;
of
( b ) that the requisite contributions are being made to the
cost of providing for the child.
( 2) In relation to the payment of such an amount as is
specified in subsection ( 1) above, the condition specified in
paragraph (b) of that subsection shall be treated as satisfied if,
and only if-
(a) such contributions are being made at a weekly rate not
less than that amount-
(i) by the beneficiary, or
(ii) where the beneficiary is one of two spouses
living together, by them together ; and
(b) where an allowance under the Family Allowances Act
is payable in respect of the child as a child of the
beneficiary's family, the contributions are over and
above those required for the purposes of satisfying
section 3(2) of that Act or (as the case may be) the
proviso to paragraph 1(1) of the Schedule to that Act.
(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) above, a child's special
allowance shall be treated as a payment in respect of an only,
or the elder or eldest, child with respect to whom the conditions
specified in section 29( b) and ( c ) of this Act are satisfied, with-
out prejudice, however, to any payment by way of an increase
of the allowance in respect of any other such child under
section 31 (5) of this Act.
( 4) Where a person is entitled in respect of a child to a
guardian's allowance under section 22 of this Act, the amount
( if any) payable to that or any other person by way of any other
benefit under this Act in respect of children of any family
shall be such, and such only, as would be payable if the first-
mentioned child were not included or treated as included in
any family.
Increase of
certain
short - term
benefits in
respect of
adult
dependants.
Adult dependants
34.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the weekly
rate of unemployment benefit or sickness benefit shall be
increased by the amount specified in relation to the benefit in
question in column ( 5) of Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act
for any period during which-
( a) the beneficiary is-
( i) residing with his wife ; or
( ii) contributing to the maintenance of his wife
at a weekly rate of not less than that amount ; and
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 783
(b) his wife is not engaged in any one or more employments
from which her weekly earnings exceed that amount.
( 2) Subject to the following subsections, the weekly rate-
( a ) of unemployment benefit or sickness benefit in the
case of a beneficiary not entitled to an increase in
respect of his wife under subsection (1) above ; and
( b) of a maternity allowance in any case,
shall be increased by the amount specified in relation to the
benefit in question in column (5) of Part III of Schedule 4 to
this Act for any of the periods mentioned in subsection (3)
below.
( 3) Those periods are-
( a) any period during which the beneficiary's husband
is incapable of self-support and either they are residing
together or she is contributing to his maintenance at
a weekly rate of not less than the amount so specified ;
( b) any period during which the beneficiary has residing
with him, and is wholly or mainly maintaining, such
other relative as may be prescribed, being a relative
in relation to whom such further conditions as may
be prescribed are fulfilled ;
( c) any period during which some female person (not
being a child) has the care of a child or children of the
beneficiary's family, or of a child or children treated
as such for the purposes of section 31 of this Act,
being a person in relation to whom such further con-
ditions as may be prescribed are fulfilled.
( 4 ) A beneficiary shall not under subsection (2) above be
entitled for the same period to an increase of benefit in respect
of more than one person.
(5) Where a person is entitled to unemployment benefit or
sickness benefit under section 10(2)(b) or (c ) of this Act-
(a) he shall not be entitled to an increase under subsection
(2) above in repect of any such period as is mentioned
in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (3) ; and
( b) if he would have been entitled only by virtue of
section 37 of this Act (partial satisfaction of contribu-
tion conditions) to the retirement pension by reference
to which the weekly rate of the unemployment benefit
or sickness benefit is determined, the amount of any
increase under this section of that weekly rate shall
PART I
c. 38
784 Social Security Act 1973
PARI I
Increase of
long- term
benefit in
respect ofadult
dependants.
be that which would have been applicable by virtue
of that section in the case of such an increase of the
weekly rate of that pension .
( 6 ) In this section, " relative " does not include any person
who is a child, but includes a person who is a relative by
marriage or adoption and a person who would be a relative if
some person born illegitimate had been born legitimate.
35.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the weekly
rate of a Category A or Category C retirement pension, or of an
invalidity pension, when payable to a man, shall be increased by
the amount respectively specified in relation to the relevant
pension in column ( 5) of Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act-
(a) for any period during which the pensioner is residing
with his wife ; or
(b) for any period during which the pensioner is contribut-
ing to the maintenance of his wife at a weekly rate of
not less than that amount, and his wife is not engaged
in any one or more employments from which her
weekly earnings exceed that amount.
( 2) Where the pensioner is residing with his wife, and the
earnings of his wife for the week ending last before any week
for which he is entitled to benefit under this section exceeded
£9.50, the weekly rate of benefit under this section shall for
the last -mentioned week be reduced-
(a) where the excess is less than £2, by 5 pence for each
complete 10 pence of the excess, and
( b) where the excess is not less than £ 2, by 5 pence for
each complete 10 pence of the excess up to £2 and by
5pence for each complete 5 pence of any further excess .
In this subsection " week " , where used in the expression
" week for which he is entitled to benefit ", means such period
of 7 days as may be prescribed by regulations made for the
purposes of this subsection .
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
weekly rate-
(a) of a Category A retirement pension ; or
(b) of a Category C retirement pension by virtue of section
27( 1 ) (a) of this Act ; or
(c ) of an invalidity pension,
shall be increased by the amount specified in column (5) of
Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act for any period during which
some female person (not being a child ) has the care of a
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 785
child or children of the pensioner's family, or of a child or children treated as such for the purposes of section 31 of this
Act.
PART I
( 4 ) Subsection (3) above shall not apply if the pensioner is
a man whose wife is entitled to a Category B retirement pen-
sion, or to a Category C retirement pension by virtue of section
27( 1 ) ( b) of this Act.
(5) Regulations may, in a case within subsection (3) above in
which the female person there referred to is residing with the
pensioner and fulfils such further conditions as may be pre-
scribed, authorise an increase of benefit under this section, but
subject to a reduction in respect of the female person's earnings,
other than such of her earnings from employment by the
pensioner as may be prescribed, comparable to the reduction
under subsection ( 2) above.
(6 ) Subject to subsection ( 7) below, the weekly rate of an
invalidity pension shall be increased by the amount specified
in column (5) of Part III of Schedule 4 to this Act-
( a) for any period during which the pensioner's husband
is incapable of self - support and either they are residing
together or she is contributing to his maintenance at
a weekly rate of not less than the amount so specified ;
or
(b) for any period during which the pensioner has residing
with him and is wholly or mainly maintaining such
other relative as may be prescribed, being a relative in
relation to whom such further conditions as may be
prescribed are fulfilled.
In this subsection " relative " has the meaning given to it
by section 34(6) above.
(7) Where a person is entitled to an invalidity pension at a
weekly rate determined under section 11( 4) of this Act-
(a) subsection (6) above shall not apply ; and
( b) if the pensioner would have been entitled only by
virtue of section 37 of this Act to the retirement pen-
sion by reference to which the weekly rate of the
invalidity pension is determined, the amount of any
increase under this section of that weekly rate shall
be that which would have been applicable by virtue
of that section in the case of such an increase of the
weekly rate of that pension.
(8) A pensioner shall not under this section be entitled for
the same period to an increase of benefit in respect of more
than one person.
c .38
786 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
( 9) So far as this section relates to the amount of the increase
of a retirement pension, it shall have effect subject to section
26(1) of this Act ; and any reduction to be made under that
subsection shall be made, so far as necessary-
( a ) first against the amount of the benefit set out in Part I
of Schedule 4 to this Act plus any increase under
section 24(4) or (5) or 25 ( 10) ;
( b) secondly against the increase under this section ( and
before any reduction to be made under subsection (2)
above) ; and
( c) lastly, against any increase under section 31 of this Act.
Supplementary
Review of
36. The Secretary of State shall review social security provi-
provision for chronically
sion for chronically sick and disabled persons, and shall lay a
sick and
report on his review before Parliament by 31st October 1974.
disabled
persons.
Partial
satisfaction of
contribution
conditions.
Ancillary
provisions
about benefit. 37.-( 1 ) This section applies to-
( a) unemployment benefit ;
( b) sickness benefit ;
( c ) maternity allowance ;
( d ) widowed mother's allowance ;
(e) widow's pension ;
( f ) Category A retirement pension ; and
( g ) Category B retirement pension.
(2) Subject to the provisions of this section , regulations may
provide for persons to be entitled to a benefit to which this
section applies, in cases where the first contribution condition
specified in relation to that benefit in Part I of Schedule 3 to
this Act is satisfied, and the second contribution condition so
specified is not.
( 3) Regulations under this section shall provide for benefit
payable by virtue of any such regulations to be payable at a
rate, or to be of an amount, less than that specified in Schedule
4 to this Act , and the rate or amount prescribed by the
regulations may vary with the extent to which the relevant
contribution conditions are satisfied ; but the amount of any
increase of benefit in respect of a child shall be the same as if
both of the relevant contribution conditions had been fully
satisfied.
38. The provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act (being pro-
visions which substantially replace certain provisions of Parts I
and IV of the former principal Act and the enactments amending
that Act relating to benefit under that Act and, in certain cases,
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 787
also to benefit under the Industrial Injuries Acts and payments
PART I
under the Family Allowances Act) shall have effect with respect
to the manner of claiming benefit, payment of benefit, disqualifi-
cations, overlapping benefits, set -off of overpayments, alienation
of benefit, administration of benefit and other matters ancillary
to this Chapter and, to the extent provided by the Schedule,
ancillary also to those Acts.
Annual review of benefits
39.-( 1 ) As from the beginning of the first year after that Annual
in which this section first comes into force, and thereafter as review of
benefits for
from the beginning of each subsequent year, the Secretary of purpose of
State shall review the rates of social security benefits then inup- rating.
force ; and the review shall be completed in such period as
will enable him (if he so determines) to prepare and lay before
Parliament, not later than 30th June in the year in which the
review is begun, an order under this section increasing rates of
benefit.
( 2 ) In this section," social security benefits " -
(a) in relation to a review carried out at any time before
the other provisions of this Chapter come into force,
means benefits under the former principal Act, the
Industrial Injuries Act and the Old Cases Act ; and
(b) otherwise, means benefits under this Part of this Act
and the two last-mentioned Acts.
( 3) In the course of a review of social security benefits under
this section, the Secretary of State shall consider-
(a ) the extent to which current rates appear to
him to have retained their value in relation to the
general level of prices obtaining in Great Britain from
time to time since the beginning of the year in which
this section first came into force or, as the case may be,
the end of the period to which he had regard for the
purposes of the last previous review under this section ;
and
(b) apart from the considerations of paragraph (a) above,
whether any of the rates ought to be increased having
regard to-
( i) the general level of prices and earnings
obtaining in Great Britain at the time of the review,
(ii) the national economic situation as a whole
and the general standard of living, and
(iii) such other matters as the Secretary of State
thinks relevant to his review of benefits ;
and for the above purposes the Secretary of State shall estimate
general levels of prices and earnings in such manner as he
considers appropriate having regard to the objects of the review.
c . 38
788 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( 4 ) If on his review the Secretary of State concludes that
current rates have not retained their value as mentioned in
subsection (3)(a) above, he shall prepare and lay before each
House of Parliament, not later than the date referred to in
subsection ( 1 ) above, the draft of an order for the purposes of
subsection (5 ) below, framed so as to increase the rates there
mentioned at least to such extent as appears to him necessary
to restore their value in accordance with his conclusions on the
review, and to such further extent (if any) as he thinks justified
by reference to the considerations of subsection (3) (b) .
( 5) Where the Secretary of State is required by subsection
( 4 ) above to lay before Parliament the draft of an order under
this section, it shall be an order-
( a ) amending-
(i) Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act by increasing
all the figures specified in the second column of that
Part of the Schedule, and
(ii) Part III of that Schedule by increasing all the
figures specified in columns (2) , (3) , (4) and (5) of
that Part ; and
( b) amending Schedule 3 to the Industrial Injuries Act by
increasing all the following figures specified in that
Schedule-
(i) the figures specified in the second column of
paragraphs 1 ( injury benefit ) and 2 ( maximum dis-
ablement gratuity) ,
(ii) the figures specified in columns ( 2) and (3) of
the Table setting out the rates of disablement pen-
sion for the purposes of paragraph 3,
(iii) the figures specified in the second column of
paragraphs 4 (unemployability supplement), 4A
(increase of unemployability supplement in cases of
early onset of incapacity for work), 7 ( increase of
benefit in respect of children, where no entitlement
to unemployability supplement), 7A (the same,
where there is entitlement to the supplement), 8
(increase of rate of injury benefit or disablement
pension in respect of adult dependant), 9 (widow's
pension ) , 11 (allowance in respect of children of
deceased person's family) and 12 (maximum aggre-
gate rate of benefit for successive accidents) .
( 6 ) In an order made for the purposes of subsection (5)
above, the increase-
( a ) of the figures for injury benefit under the Industrial
Injuries Act (Schedule 3 to the Act, paragraph 1 (a)
and (b) shall be at least as much as that of the figure
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 789
for the higher rate of sickness benefit under this
Chapter (Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph 1 (a)) ;
( b) of the figure for the initial rate of a widow's pension
under that Act (Schedule 3 to the Act, paragraph
9(a)) shall be at least as much as that of the figure for
a widow's allowance under this Chapter (Schedule
4, Part I, paragraph 6) ; and
( c ) of the figure for the higher permanent rate of a widow's
pension under that Act (Schedule 3 to the Act, para-
graph 9 (b)) shall be at least as much as that of the
figure for a widow's pension under this Chapter
( Schedule 4, Part I, paragraph 8 ) .
( 7) Notwithstanding subsection (4 ) above, if it appears to the
Secretary of State, in the case of any rate which is otherwise
required to be increased by such an order, that by reference
to the considerations of subsection (3)(a) above the increase
would be only of an inconsiderable amount, the order need not
increase that rate ; and the order need not in the case of any
rate increase it by reference to those considerations so as to
result in the figure for the rate including a fraction of a penny.
( 8) An order under this section may, if the Secretary of State
thinks it expedient in consequence of any provision made by
the order for the purposes of subsection ( 5) above, and having
regard to any other matters which he considers to be material
to rates of social security benefits, include provision amend-
ing this Chapter, or the Industrial Injuries Act or the Old Cases
Act, by altering any one or more of the figures specified in
Schedule 11 to this Act (being rates of benefit or figures affecting
the amount payable to a beneficiary) ; but no amendment shall
be made under this subsection so as to reduce any rate, or the
amount so payable.
( 9) In this section " rate
includes amount ; and in subsec-
tions (5) to (8) above, and in Schedule 11 to this Act, " figure
"
means only a money sum.
( 10) If, following the completion of his review of social security
benefits, the Secretary of State determines that he is not required
by subsection (4 ) above to lay a draft of an order under this
section, he shall (subject to subsection ( 11) below ) lay before
each House of Parliament a report containing an explanation
of his reasons for arriving at that determination.
( 11) Where the Secretary of State so determines he may
nevertheless lay before each House of Parliament a draft of an
order under this section ( but not later than the date referred to in
subsection ( 1) above ) if his conclusions on the review are such
that, having regard to the considerations of subsection (3) (b)
above, an order should in his opinion be made increasing rates
of benefit ; and if he lays a draft of an order in pursuance of this
PART I
c . 38
790 Social Security Act 1973
PART I subsection, no report shall be required to be laid for the purposes
of subsection ( 10) above.
(12) Where the Secretary of State lays before Parliament a
draft of an order under this section, he shall lay with it a copy
of a report by the Government Actuary on the effect which,
in the Actuary's opinion, the making of such an order may be
expected to have on the National Insurance Fund ; and where
the Secretary of State determines that he is not required by
subsection (4) above to lay a draft order, and also determines
not to lay a draft order in pursuance of subsection ( 11), he shall
lay before each House of Parliament, with his report under
subsection ( 10), a copy of a report by the Government Actuary
on the consequences for the Fund which may, in the Actuary's
opinion, follow from those determinations.
(13) Where the Secretary of State has laid before Parliament
a draft of an order under this section, then if the draft is
approved by a resolution of each House the Secretary of State
shall make an order in the form of the draft.
(14 ) An order under this section made in consequence of a
review of social security benefits by the Secretary of State-
( a ) shall be made so as to come into force not earlier than
16th November following the date of Parliamentary
approval ( being the date on which the draft of the
order is approved by the second House to approve it)
or later than 30th November following that date ;
( b) may provide for any amendment made by it of this
Part of this Act, the Industrial Injuries Act or the
Old Cases Act which results in any increase of benefit
to apply to benefit payable at any time after the amend-
ment comes into force regardless-
( i) of when any period began in which, or in
respect of which, benefit is payable, and
(ii) of any extent to which entitlement to, or the
rate of, any particular benefit depends or may depend
on events occurring in the past ;
(c) may provide for different amendments to operate from
different dates ;
( d ) shall include provision for increasing any amount by
which a retirement pension payable under the former
principal Act has been increased, or fell to be increased,
under section 31( 1) or 34( 1) of that Act, any such
increase provided for by the order being as nearly as
may be proportional to the increase of the rate of a
Category A retirement pension which results from the
order ; and
( e) may include such transitional and other supplementary
and incidental provisions as the Secretary of State
thinks necessary or expedient, including-
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 791
(i) adaptations of provisions of the order and of the Acts amended by it, and
(ii) the variation or revocation and replacement
of the whole or any part of any previous order under
this section,
so far as appearing to him to be required in con-
sequence of the order or the partial or postponed
operation of any of its provisions .
PART I
CHAPTER III : SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Modifications for special categories of earners
40 .- (1) This Act shall apply to persons employed by or Crown
under the Crown ( subject to any special provision made by orservants,
armed
under this section ) in like manner as if such persons were forces, etc.
employed earners in the employment of a private person.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any
person who is serving as a member of Her Majesty's forces shall,
while he is so serving, be treated for the purposes of this Act
as an employed earner in respect of his membership of those
forces.
(3) The Secretary of State may make regulations modifying
this Part of this Act, in such manner as he thinks proper, in its
application to persons who are or have been members of Her
Majesty's forces ; and regulations under this section may in
particular provide-
( a ) in the case of persons who are employed earners in
respect of their membership of Her Majesty's forces, for
reducing the rate of the contributions payable in respect
of their employment and for determining-
(i) the amounts payable on account of those con-
tributions by the Secretary of State and the time and
manner of payment, and
(ii) the deductions (if any) to be made on account
of those contributions from the pay of those persons ;
( b) for preventing a person who is discharged from Her
Majesty's forces at his own request from being thereby
disqualified for receiving unemployment benefit on the
ground that he has voluntarily left his employment
without just cause.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act, Her Majesty's forces shall
be taken to consist of such establishments and organisations as
may be prescribed, being establishments and organisations in
which persons serve under the control of the Defence Council.
c. 38
792 Social Security Act 1973
PART I Mariners and airmen .
1968 с. 59.
Married
women and
widows.
41.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations modi-
fying this Part of this Act, in such manner as he thinks proper,
in its application to persons who are or have been employed on
board any ship, vessel, hovercraft or aircraft ; and such regula-
tions may in particular provide-
( a) for this Part to apply to such persons notwithstanding
that it would not otherwise apply ;
(b) for excepting such persons from the application of this
Part where they neither are domiciled nor have a place
of residence in any part of Great Britain ;
( c ) for requiring the payment of secondary Class 1 contribu-
tions in respect of such persons, whether or not they
are (within the meaning of this Part ) employed earners ;
( d ) for the taking of evidence, for the purposes of any claim
to benefit, in a country or territory outside Great
Britain, by a British consular official or such other
person as may be prescribed ;
(e) for enabling persons who are or have been so employed
to authorise the payment of the whole or any part of
any benefit to which they are or may become entitled to
such of their dependants as may be prescribed.
( 2 ) Any secondary Class 1 contribution payable by an
employer-
( a ) in respect of payments to a person employed on board
a ship, vessel or hovercraft, where that person is by
virtue of this section excepted from liability to pay a
primary Class 1 contribution in respect of the
payments ; or
(b) by virtue of this section in respect of a person so
employed who is not an employed earner for the
purposes of this Act,
shall be excluded from the contributions which under section
1 ( 5) of this Act are to be taken into account for the purpose
of arriving at the amount of any Treasury supplement and
shall be administered and applied in such manner and for such
purposes as may be prescribed.
( 3) In this section, " hovercraft " has the same meaning as in
the Hovercraft Act 1968.
42.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations modi-
fying this Part of this Act, in such manner as he thinks proper,
in its application to women who are or have been married.
( 2) Regulations under this section shall provide for enabling
a married woman or widow to elect that in any year-
( a) her liability in respect of primary Class 1 contributions
shall be a liability to contribute at the reduced, instead
of the standard, rate ; or
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 793
(b) she shall be under no liability for Class 2 contributions, and to revoke any such election.
( 3) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection ( 2) above
shall provide so that-
( a) a woman's election for those purposes is not to be made
or revoked otherwise than in respect of a complete
year (whether the year in which the election is made,
or any subsequent year) ; and
(b) an election made or revoked for either one of the
purposes mentioned in subsection ( 2) is to be deemed to
be made or revoked for the other purpose also ; and
( c ) while an election has effect, the woman who made it
is not entitled to pay any Class 3 contributions.
( 4) Regulations may, in relation to women who have been
widowed, provide-
( a) for excepting them generally from liability for contri-
butions or for excepting them from liability for con-
tributions of any prescribed class ;
(b) for enabling women who are excepted under paragraph
(a) above from liability for contributions of any class
to elect to be liable for contributions of that class
or not to be so liable, and for enabling them to revoke
any such election ; and
( c ) for enabling women who are so excepted in respect
of primary Class 1 contributions to elect to contribute
at the standard, or at the reduced, rate ;
but any provision made by regulations under this subsection
shall be subject to whatever provision is made by regulations
for the purposes of subsection (3) above.
PART I
43.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations Persons
modifying, in such manner as he thinks proper, the provisions outside Great
of this Part of this Act in their application to persons who are Britain.
or have been outside Great Britain at any prescribed time or
in any prescribed circumstances .
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make pro-
vision for modifying the provisions of this Part of this Act
in their application to persons in any prescribed employment
( whether under a contract of service or not ) in connection with
the exploitation of the resources mentioned in section 1 ( 1 ) of
the Continental Shelf Act 1964 or with the exploration of the sea 1964 c. 29.
bed and subsoil in any area designated under section 1 (7) of that
c .38
794 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
The
National
Insurance
Fund.
1971 с. 29.
Act and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality
of this subsection) for any prescribed provision of this Part of
this Act to apply to such a person notwithstanding that he does
not fall within the description of an employed or self- employed
earner, or does not fulfil the conditions prescribed under section
1( 10) of this Act as to residence or presence in Great Britain .
Finance
44.- (1) The National Insurance Fund shall continue to be
maintained under the control and management of the Secretary
of State.
( 2) The Industrial Injuries Fund and the National Insurance
( Reserve) Fund shall be wound up and on the appointed day
all liabilities and assets which immediately before that day were
liabilities or assets of either of those Funds shall be transferred
to, and become liabilities and assets of, the National Insurance
Fund.
( 3) Accounts of the National Insurance Fund shall be pre-
pared in such form, and in such manner and at such times, as
the Treasury may direct, and the Comptroller and Auditor-
General shall examine and certify every such account and shall
lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before
Parliament.
( 4) Any money in the National Insurance Fund may from
time to time be paid over to the National Debt Commissioners
and be invested by them, in accordance with such directions
as may be given by the Treasury, in any such manner as may
be specified by an order of the Treasury for the time being in
force under section 22( 1) of the National Savings Bank Act 1971 .
(5) The National Debt Commissioners shall present to Par-
liament annually an account of the securities in which money
in the National Insurance Fund is for the time being invested.
(6) There shall be made out of the National Insurance Fund
into the Consolidated Fund, or out of money provided by
Parliament into the National Insurance Fund, such payments
by way of adjustment as the Secretary of State determines in
accordance with any directions of the Treasury to be appropriate
in consequence of the operation of any enactment or regulations
relating to the repayment or offsetting of benefit or other
payments ; and where in other circumstances payments fall to
be made by way of adjustment-
(a) out of the National Insurance Fund either to the Secre-
tary of State or another government department, or
into the Reserve Pension Fund established under Part
III of this Act, or into the Consolidated Fund ; or
(b) into the National Insurance Fund out of the Reserve
Pension Fund or out of money provided by Parliament,
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 795
then, in such cases or classes of case as may be specified by the
Secretary of State by order made with the consent of the
Treasury, the amount of the payments to be made shall be
taken to be such, and payments on account thereof shall be made
at such times and in such manner, as may be determined by the
Secretary of State in accordance with any directions given by
the Treasury.
PART I
45.-( 1 ) Contributions received by the Secretary of State under Destination of
Chapter I (including those paid over to him by the Inland contributions and Treasury
Revenue under section 5( 4) of this Act and Schedule 1, paragraph supplements.
5( 3) ), shall be paid by him into the National Insurance Fund
after deducting-
( a) from contributions of any class, the appropriate national
health service allocation in the case of contributions
of that class ; and
( b) from secondary Class 1 contributions, the appropriate
allocation to the Redundancy Fund.
( 2) The Treasury supplements shall be paid, in accordance
with any directions given by the Treasury, into the National
Insurance Fund.
( 3) In subsection ( 1) above, " the appropriate national health
service allocation " means-
( a ) in the case of primary Class 1 contributions, 0.4 per
cent. of the amount determined to be that of the
earnings in respect of which those contributions were
paid;
( b) in the case of secondary Class 1 contributions, 0-6 per
cent. of the amount determined to be that of the
earnings in respect of which those contributions were
paid;
( c ) in the case of Class 2 contributions, 8 per cent. of the
amount determined to be the total of those contribu-
tions ;
( d ) in the case of Class 3 contributions, 8 per cent. of
the amount determined to be the total of those contribu-
tions ; and
( e ) in the case of Class 4 contributions, 0.4 per cent. of
the amount determined to be that of the earnings in
respect of which those contributions were paid ;
and " the appropriate allocation to the Redundancy Fund ", in
the case of secondary Class 1 contributions, means 0-2 per cent.
of the amount determined to be that of the earnings in respect of
which those contributions were paid; and in this subsection
" determined " means determined by the Secretary of State
in accordance with any directions given by the Treasury.
c. 38
796 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
General
financial
arrangements.
( 4 ) So much of any contributions as is to be deducted under
subsection ( 1 ) above before payment of the remainder into the
National Insurance Fund shall be dealt with as follows-
( a) from the national health service allocation in respect
of contributions of any class there shall be deducted
such amount as the Secretary of State may estimate
to be the portion of the total expenses incurred by
him or any other government department in collecting
contributions of that class which is fairly attributable
to that allocation, and the remainder shall, in the
hands of the Secretary of State, be taken as paid
towards the cost-
(i) of the national health service in England ;
(ii) of that service in Wales, and
(iii ) of that service in Scotland,
in such shares as the Treasury may determine ;
( b) from the appropriate allocation to the Redundancy
Fund there shall be deducted such amount as the
Secretary of State may estimate to be the portion of
the total expenses incurred by him or any other
government department in collecting secondary Class
1 contributions which is fairly attributable to that
allocation, and the remainder shall be paid by the
Secretary of State into that Fund ; and
( c) any amounts deducted in accordance with paragraphs (a)
and (b) above shall be paid by the Secretary of State
into the Consolidated Fund :
and any estimate by the Secretary of State for the purposes of
those paragraphs shall be made in accordance with any directions
given by the Treasury.
46.-( 1) All benefit-
(a) under Chapter II, except a Category C or Category D
retirement pension, age addition (other than age addi-
tion to a Category A or Category B retirement pen-
sion) , an attendance allowance, or any benefit payable
under section 27(4) ; and
( b) under the Industrial Injuries Acts and the Old Cases
Acts,
shall be paid out of the National Insurance Fund.
( 2) Any administrative expenses of the Secretary of State or
other government department in carrying this Act, the Indus-
trial Injuries Acts or the Old Cases Acts into effect, and any
of the benefits which by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) (a) above are not
payable out of the National Insurance Fund, shall be paid out
of money provided by Parliament, except in so far as they
may be required by any enactment to be paid or borne in some
other way.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 797
( 3) The administrative expenses referred to in subsection ( 2)
above include those in connection with any enquiry undertaken
on behalf of the Secretary of State with a view to obtaining
statistics relating to the operation of this Act, the Industrial
Injuries Acts or the Old Cases Acts.
( 4 ) There shall be paid out of the National Insurance Fund
into the Consolidated Fund, at such times and in such manner as
the Treasury may direct, such sums as the Secretary of State
may estimate in accordance with any directions given by the
Treasury to be the amount of the administrative expenses
incurred as mentioned in subsection (2) above, excluding-
( a ) expenses attributable to the carrying into effect of pro-
visions of this Act relating to the benefits which by
virtue of subsection ( 1)(a) above are not payable out
of the National Insurance Fund ; and
( b) any other category of expenses which the Treasury may
direct, or any enactment may require, to be excluded
from the Secretary of State's estimate under this
subsection.
PART I
47.-( 1) As from the end of the period of 5 years from the Reports by
appointed day, or such shorter period as the Treasury mayGovernment
direct , the Government Actuary shall review the operation Actuary.
during that period of this Part of this Act, the Industrial Injuries
Acts, and the Old Cases Acts .
(2) Thereafter as from the end of each period of 5 years ,
or such shorter period as the Treasury may direct in respect
of any review, the Government Actuary shall review the opera-
tion (during the period since the end of the last period to be
the subject of a review) of this Act and those Acts.
(3) It shall be the object of a review by the Government
Actuary under this section to determine the extent to which
the level at which the National Insurance Fund stands from
year to year may be expected in the longer term to bear a
proper relation to demands in respect of payments of benefit ;
and for this purpose the Actuary shall take into account current
rates of contributions, the yield to be expected from contribu-
tions in the longer term, and such other matters as he considers
to be relevant as affecting the present and future level of the
Fund.
( 4) After completing his review, the Government Actuary
shall report to the Secretary of State his opinion on the question
referred to in subsection (3) above ; and the Secretary of State
shall lay a copy of the report before Parliament.
c .38
798 Social Security Act 1973
PART I
The Committee
and its
functions.
National Insurance Advisory Committee
48.-( 1 ) The National Insurance Advisory Committee con-
stituted under section 88 of the former principal Act shall
continue in being by that name, to give advice and assistance to
the Secretary of State in connection with the discharge of his
functions under this Part of this Act and to perform such
other duties as may be assigned to them by or under this Part ;
and-
( a) the provisions of Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act
( being provisions which replace with only minor and
consequential amendments those of Schedule 8 to the
former principal Act ) shall have effect with respect to
the constitution of the Committee and otherwise with
respect to the Committee and its affairs ;
( b) the Secretary of State-
( i) may from time to time refer to the Committee
for consideration and advice such questions relating
to the operation of this Part of this Act as he thinks
fit (including questions as to the advisability of
amending it) , and
(ii) shall furnish to the Committee such informa-
tion as they may reasonably require for the proper
discharge of their functions under this Act.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the Secre-
tary of State proposes to make any regulations to which this
subsection applies, he shall (unless it appears to him that by
reason of the urgency of the matter it is inexpedient to do so)
refer the proposals, in the form of draft regulations or otherwise,
to the National Insurance Advisory Committee ; and this sub-
section applies to all such regulations as are specified in Part II
of Schedule 12 to this Act, with the exception of those specified
in Part III of that Schedule.
( 3) The Committee shall consider any proposals referred to
them under this section and make to the Secretary of State a
report containing such recommendations with regard to the
subject matter of the proposals as they think appropriate ; and
if after receiving the report of the Committee the Secretary of
State lays before Parliament any regulations or draft regulations
which comprise the whole or any part of the subject matter of
the proposals referred to the Committee, he shall lay with the
regulations or draft a copy of the Committee's report and a
statement showing-
(a) the extent (if any) to which the Secretary of State has,
in framing the regulations, given effect to the
Committee's recommendations ; and
( b) in so far as effect has not been given to them, his reasons
why not.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 799
( 4) In relation to any regulations required or authorised under
PART I
this Act to be made by the Joint Authority ( within the meaning of
section 49 of this Act) or by the Secretary of State or Joint
Authority in conjunction with the Treasury, any reference in the
foregoing provisions of this section to the Secretary of State shall
be construed as a reference to the authority or authorities making
or proposing to make the regulations .
Northern Ireland
49.-( 1) This Part of this Act, except sections 7, 8, 36, 39, The basic
40(2) to (4) , 43 (2) , 47 and 48 and Schedules 11 and 12, extends to scheme in
Northern Ireland, but with the adaptations set out in Schedule 13 Northern
Ireland.
to this Act ; and other provisions of this Act applying for the
interpretation of this Part also extend to Northern Ireland with
those adaptations .
(2) Whenever the Secretary of State makes an order under
section 7, 8 or 39 of this Act, the Northern Ireland Ministry shall
make a corresponding order for Northern Ireland, amending-
(a ) this Part of this Act as it has effect in Northern Ireland ;
( b) the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1966 c. 9
( Northern Ireland) 1966 ; or
( Ν.Ι.) .
( c ) the Workmen's Compensation (Supplementation) Act 1966 c. 14
( Northern Ireland) 1966, ( Ν.Ι. ).
in the same way, and to the same effect, and from as nearly as
may be the same date or dates, as this Part of this Act, the
Industrial Injuries Act or the Old Cases Act ( as the case may be)
is amended by the order of the Secretary of State.
(3) The Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury
and the Northern Ireland Minister with the consent of the
Ministry of Finance may make arrangements ( " the joint arrange-
ments ") for co -ordinating the operation of this Part of this Act
in Great Britain and its operation in Northern Ireland with a
view to securing that, to the extent allowed for in the arrange-
ments, the basic scheme as it operates in both territories does
so as a single system .
( 4 ) The Joint Authority constituted under section 104 of the
former principal Act ( arrangements with Northern Ireland for
unified system) , consisting of the Secretary of State and the
Northern Ireland Minister, shall continue in being for the pur-
poses also of this Part of this Act and is referred to in this Act
as " the Joint Authority " ; and Schedule 14 to this Act ( repro-
ducing Schedule 10 to the former principal Act) shall have effect
with respect to the Authority.
c. 38
800 Social Security Act 1973
PART I ( 5) The responsibility of the Joint Authority shall include that
of giving effect to the joint arrangements, with power-
(a ) to make any necessary financial adjustments between the
National Insurance Fund and the Northern Ireland
National Insurance Fund ; and
( b) to discharge such other functions as may be provided
under the joint arrangements .
(6) The Secretary of State in relation to Great Britain and the
Northern Ireland Ministry in relation to Northern Ireland may
make regulations for giving effect to the joint arrangements ;
and any such regulations may for any purpose of the basic
scheme provide-
( a) for adapting legislation (including subordinate legislation)
for the time being in force in Great Britain or, as the
case may be, in Northern Ireland so as to secure its
reciprocal operation between the two territories ;
( b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, for securing
that acts , omissions and events having any effect for the
purposes of this Part of this Act in relation to Great
Britain or, as the case may be, Northern Ireland, have
a corresponding effect in relation to Northern Ireland
or, as the case may be, Great Britain ;
( c) for the Joint Authority to be substituted for the Secretary
of State and the Northern Ireland Ministry in relation
to any power under this Part of this Act to make regula-
tions (other than regulations under this paragraph) or
orders.
(7) Regulations made by the Joint Authority may apply
section 40(2) to (4) of this Act to Northern Ireland, with or
without modifications, and provide for determining-
( a) the persons who, being employed earners in respect of
their membership of Her Majesty's forces, are to be
treated as belonging to Northern Ireland ; and
( b) the sums paid as contributions by and in respect of those
persons .
(8) Any sums determined by regulations under subsection ( 7) (b)
above shall be treated as paid as basic scheme contributions
under this Part of this Act as it applies to Northern Ireland, and
not as it applies to Great Britain, for the purposes-
(a ) of arriving at the amount of any Treasury supplement or
Northern Ireland Exchequer supplement ; and
(b) of making any adjustment between the National Insur-
ance Fund and the Northern Ireland National
Insurance Fund.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 801
Foreign systems of social security PART I
50.-( 1 ) For the purpose of giving effect to any agreement Reciprocal
with the Government of any country outside the United Kingdom agreements
providing for reciprocity in matters relating to payments in with other
countries.
respect of interruption of employment by unemployment, sick-
ness or otherwise, or payments in respect of the need of handi-
capped persons for attendance, the confinement of women,
widowhood, orphanhood, retirement, old age or death, Her
Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for modifying
this Part of this Act, Part IV of this Act so far as relating to
this Part, and Part IV of the former principal Act, in their
application to cases affected by the agreement.
( 2) The modifications of this Part of this Act which may be
made by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above shall include provision-
( a ) for securing that acts, omissions and events having any
effect for the purposes of the law of the country in
respect of which the agreement is made shall have a
corresponding effect for the purposes of this Act (but
not so as to confer a right to double benefit) ;
(b) for determining, in cases where rights accrue both under
this Act and under the law of that country, which of
those rights shall be available to the person concerned ;
( c ) for making any necessary financial adjustments .
PART II
OCCUPATIONAL PENSION SCHEMES
Recognition
51 .-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the employment Recognised
of an earner in employed earner's employment shall be recog- pensionable employment.
nised pensionable employment in relation to him during any
period in which he is of requisite age and-
(a) his service in the employment is for the time being
service which qualifies him (on the assumption that it
continues for the appropriate period ) for the minimum
benefits of an occupational pension scheme ; and
( b ) the scheme is a recognised scheme in relation to that
employment ; and
(c ) there is in force a certificate, issued by the Occupational
Pensions Board and known as a " recognition certi-
ficate ", that the employment is recognised pensionable
employment by reference to the scheme.
( 2) for the purposes of this section, an earner is of requisite
age at any time after the end of the income tax year in which
he attained the age of 21 and before the beginning of the
income tax year in which he will attain pensionable age.
Part II C
c . 38
802 Social Security Act 1973
PART II ( 3) In this Act-
( a ) "occupational pension scheme " means any scheme or
arrangement which is comprised in one or more instru-
ments or agreements and which has, or is capable of
having, effect in relation to one or more descriptions
or categories of employments so as to provide benefits,
in the form of pensions or otherwise, payable on
termination of service, or on death or retirement, to or
in respect of earners with qualifying service in an
employment of any such description or category ; and
(b) “ public service pension scheme " means an occupa-
tional pension scheme established by or under an enact-
ment or the Royal prerogative or a Royal charter,
being a scheme-
(i) all the particulars of which are set out in, or in
a legislative instrument made under, an enactment,
Royal warrant or charter, or
(ii) which cannot come into force, or be amended,
without the scheme or amendment being approved
by a Minister of the Crown or government
department,
and includes any occupational pension scheme pre-
scribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State
and the Minister for the Civil Service jointly as being
a scheme which ought in their opinion to be treated
as a public service pension scheme for the purposes of
this Part of this Act.
( 4 ) An occupational pension scheme can be a recognised
scheme in relation to an earner's employment only if-
( a ) the resources of the scheme are derived (in whole or in
part) either-
( i) from payments made or to be made (either
under actual or contingent legal obligation or in the
exercise of a power conferred, or duty imposed, on
a Minister of the Crown, government department
or any other person, being a power or duty which
extends to the disbursement or allocation of public
money) by one or more employers of earners to
whom the scheme applies, or
( ii ) from such other payments by the earner or his
employer, or both, as may be prescribed for different
categories of schemes ; and
( b) it complies in all respects with sections 53 to 60 of
this Act in respect of minimum personal and death
benefits, and of the other matters mentioned in those
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 803
sections, or, in such cases or classes of cases as may
be prescribed, with those sections as modified by
regulations ; and
( c ) it neither contains any provision (operating in relation
to minimum benefits, their allowance or computation,
or to any rights available in connection with minimum
benefits) which by any of those sections is stated to be
inadmissible in relation to the minimum benefits of a
recognised scheme, nor is subject to the terms of any
instrument or agreement containing or implying such
a provision ; and
( d ) the rules of the scheme applying to minimum benefits
are framed so as to comply with the requirements of
any regulations prescribing the form and content of
rules of recognised schemes, and with such other
requirements as to form and content (not inconsistent
with regulations) as may be imposed by the Board as
a condition of recognition, either generally or in
relation to a particular scheme ; and
(e) either it is a public service pension scheme or the Board
are satisfied that it complies with regulations
prescribing-
( i) the means by which the minimum benefits of
occupational pension schemes are to be secured
( whether irrevocable trust, policy of insurance,
annuity contract or other means) , and
(ii) the conditions which are required by the regu-
lations to be satisfied in relation to any means
adopted.
( 5 ) References in subsection (4 )(a) above and in the follow-
ing provisions of this Part of this Act to employers are to be
treated, in relation to persons within the application of an
occupational pension scheme and qualifying or prospectively
qualifying for its benefits, as including references to persons who
in relation to them and their employments are treated by regula-
tions as being employers for the purposes of this Part of this Act.
( 6 ) It is hereby declared that nothing in this section is to be
taken-
( a) to preclude an occupational pension scheme from being
so framed as to provide benefits on any ampler scale,
or payable at any earlier time, or otherwise more
favourable to beneficiaries, than is required for recogni-
tion purposes ;
( b ) to require a scheme, or any rule contained in a scheme,
to comply for recognition purposes with any provision
in sections 53 to 60 of this Act by adopting the par-
Part II C2
PARTII
c. 38
804 Social Security Act 1973
PART II ticular words of that provision, subject to any require-
ments of regulations, or of the Board, under subsection
( 4) (d ) above, so long as the Board are satisfied that the
provision is complied with in spirit and intent.
( 7 ) The Secretary of State may make such regulations as
he thinks appropriate for securing that earners, notwithstanding
their terms of employment, are freed from any liability to be or
become members of, or to contribute to, an occupational pension
scheme-
( a ) which is not for the time being recognised in relation to
any employment ; and
( b) in whose case the Board are satisfied that the benefits of
the scheme are not adequately secured, or that it is
otherwise unsound in respect of its management or
financing.
( 8) In this Act any reference to the minimum benefits of
an occupational pension scheme includes both minimum per-
sonal pension and minimum death benefit ( except where the
context otherwise requires) and is to be taken as referring only
to benefit provided by the scheme in respect of employed
earner's employment in accordance with such minimum require-
ments as must be complied with for recognition purposes .
(9) Where by any provision in this Part of this Act recognition
of a scheme in relation to an employment depends on the
satisfaction of a particular condition, continued recognition of
the scheme shall be dependent on continued satisfaction of the
condition ; and if the condition ceases to be satisfied, that shall
be a ground (without prejudice to any other) for cancellation of
the recognition certificate.
(10) Regulations may, for any purpose of this Part of this Act,
prescribe the persons who are to be regarded as members or
prospective members of an occupational pension scheme and as
to the times at which, and the circumstances in which, a person is
to be treated as becoming, or as ceasing to be, a member or
prospective member.
Certification of 52.-( 1 ) Regulations shall provide-
employments. ( a ) for the issue by the Occupational Pensions Board to
employers of recognition certificates specifying the
employments which are to be treated, either generally
or in relation to any specified category or description
of earners, as recognised pensionable employments ;
and
(b ) for the cancellation, variation or surrender of any certifi-
cate, or the issue of an amended certificate on any
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 805
change of circumstances affecting the treatment of an
employment as recognised pensionable employment ;
and (subject to the exclusion by section 51 of this Act of
earners not of requisite age) any recognition certificate for the
time being in force in respect of an employed earner's employ-
ment shall be conclusive that the employment is recognised
pensionable employment.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an employment
otherwise satisfying the conditions for inclusion in a recognition
certificate shall be so included if and so long as the employer
so elects and not otherwise ; and subject to any prescribed
restrictions an election may be so made, and an employment so
included, either generally or in relation only to a particular
description of earners .
(3) Except in prescribed circumstances, no recognition
certificate, and no cancellation, variation or surrender of such
a certificate shall have effect from a date earlier than that on
which the certificate is issued or the cancellation, variation or
surrender is made.
( 4 ) A recognition certificate in respect of any employment-
( a) subject to subsection (5) below, may be issued by the
Board notwithstanding that in respect of some earners
in that employment the relevant scheme satisfies
some, but not all the requirements of sections 53 to
58 of this Act (but only if the Board think it expedient
to issue the certificate in particular circumstances where
the number of earners in respect of whom the scheme
fails to satisfy any particular requirement appears to
them to be insignificant in relation to the number of
those in respect of whom all the requirements of those
sections are satisfied) ; and
( b) may be withheld or cancelled by the Board ( notwith-
standing that the scheme is one which they would
otherwise treat as proper to be recognised in relation
to all earners in that employment) if there appear to
the Board to be circumstances relating to the scheme
or its management which make it inexpedient that the
employment should be or, as the case may be, con-
tinue to be recognised pensionable employment by
reference to the scheme.
( 5) A recognition certificate may be issued by virtue of sub-
section (4) (a) above only if the Board are satisfied that, in the
case of the earners in respect of whom the relevant scheme
does not satisfy all the requirements of sections 53 to 58 of
this Act and whose employments are to be included in the
Part II C3
PART II
c.38
806 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Minimum
personal
pension ( entitlement) .
certificate, written consent to the exercise of the Board's powers
under that paragraph has been given by or on behalf of those
earners.
( 6) Where in relation to an earner's employment there are
in force two or more occupational pension schemes, no one
of which can by itself be a recognised scheme, the Board may
if they think fit ( but subject to section 51 of this Act and the
foregoing provisions of this section ) treat them for recognition
purposes as one single scheme.
( 7) Regulations shall provide for the determination by the
Board of any question whether an employment is to be treated
as recognised pensionable employment, or as to the persons in
relation to whom, or the period for which, an employment is to
be so treated.
(8) Regulations may for the purposes of recognition, and for
any other purposes of this Part of this Act, prescribe persons
who, in the case of a scheme of any prescribed category, are
to be regarded as the trustees or managers of a scheme of that
category.
(9) The provisions of Schedule 15 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to recognised pensionable employments, recognition
certificates and recognised occupational pension schemes.
53.-( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be recognised
in relation to an earner's employment it must, in accordance
with this section, provide him with minimum personal pension
on termination of recognised pensionable employment otherwise
than by his death.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, minimum
personal pension must be provided for an earner in any case in
which, on termination of a period of service in recognised
pensionable employment-
( a ) he qualifies for a pension immediately payable under
the scheme ; or
( b) he is then no longer of requisite age for the purposes
of section 51 of this Act ; or
( c ) he has attained the age of 26 and has at least 5 years '
qualifying service accrued since the appointed day ;
or
( d ) the period of service terminated is one in respect of
which the scheme either-
(i ) conforms with the preservation requirements
(section 63 of this Act and Schedule 16 ), so as to
entitle the earner to short service benefit within the
meaning of those requirements ; or
(ii ) makes any provision which under those
requirements is permitted as an alternative to short
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 807
service benefit (other than, in such cases as may be
prescribed, provision for return of contributions or
benefit in the form of a lump sum ).
( 3) In subsection ( 2) (c) above, " 5 years' qualifying service "
means 5 years (whether a single period of that duration or two
or more periods, continuous or discontinuous, totalling 5 years)
in which the earner was at all times employed either-
( a ) in pensionable service under the scheme within the
meaning of the preservation requirements ; or
( b) in service in recognised pensionable employment, by
reference to the scheme ; or
( c ) in service under another scheme, being linked qualifying
service within the meaning of section 58 of this Act,
no regard being had to whether or not it was the same descrip-
tion of service in the whole of the 5 years, but excluding, in
the case of service specified in paragraph ( a) or (b) , any period
of service in the same employment which has been previously
terminated.
( 4) Minimum personal pension must be in the form either-
(a) of a pension payable as from termination of the relevant
employment or from when the earner attains pension-
able age, whichever is the later ; or
(b) of a deferred pension, coming into payment when he
attains that age or ( with his consent in writing) at some
later time.
( 5 ) The pension must, in either of the cases referred to in
subsection (4) above, be a pension payable out of the resources
of the scheme or secured by such means as may be prescribed
( whether policy of insurance, annuity contract or other means),
the security satisfying such conditions as may be prescribed in
relation to the means adopted.
(6 ) The scheme must conform with any regulations prescribing
the time from which minimum personal pension (immediate
or deferred) is to become payable.
( 7 ) Any provision which has for its effect that qualification
for minimum personal pension is conditional upon retire-
ment being postponed beyond a certain time shall be
inadmissible in relation to the minimum benefits of a recog-
nised scheme, if that time is more than 6 months after
pensionable age.
(8) The scheme must so provide that minimum personal
pension, as and from the time when it comes into payment, is
payable for life, subject only to such provision (if any) as may
be made by the scheme for the pension to be terminated or
suspended in such circumstances as may be prescribed.
Part II C4
PARTII
c. 38
808 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Rate of
minimum
personal
pension.
( 9) Subject to the approval of the Occupational Pensions
Board, the scheme may provide, in the case of an earner who
is a woman, for minimum personal pension to be at a lower rate
where provision is made for the payment of benefit to dependants
onher death.
54.-( 1) For an occupational pension scheme to be recognised
in relation to an earner's employment, it must comply with
the requirements of this section as respects the rate of minimum
personal pension.
( 2) Subject to the following subsections, minimum personal
pension must be at an annual rate equal to the following per-
centage of the earner's reckonable earnings from an employment
to which the scheme applies-
( a ) for a man-
(i) if the pension is subject to
increases complying with section
57 of this Act... 1.00 per cent.
( ii ) if not... ... 1.25 per cent.
(b) for a woman-
(i) if the pension is so subject ... 0.70 per cent.
( ii ) if not... ... ... 0.90 per cent.
( 3) In this Part of this Act, references to an earner's reckonable
earnings from any employment are to his earnings from that
employment so far as comprised in any payment of earnings
made to him or for his benefit ( at a time when the employment
was recognised pensionable employment ) where the payment
either-
( a) gave rise to liability under Part I of this Act for a
primary Class 1 contribution ; or
(b) was made in such circumstances that regulations require
it to be treated (for the purposes of this subsection
only) as giving rise to such liability.
( 4) If regulations so permit, but subject to subsection (5) below
and to any prescribed conditions, the rate of minimum personal
pension may be calculated-
( a ) by reference to contributions paid from time to time
by the earner, or by the employer in respect of him,
and the earner's age at the time when contributions
were paid ; or
( b) as a prescribed fraction or percentage of-
(i) the annual rate of the earner's reckonable earn-
ings in any prescribed period of 12 months before
termination of service, or
(ii) his average annual reckonable earnings in
any prescribed period before termination of service,
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 809
the fraction or percentage being determined by reference to
the period ( expressed as a number of years or of months, or a
combination of years and months) of the earner's service in
recognised pensionable employment and varying (to any extent
required by the regulations) by reference to the duration of any
period of such service .
( 5) Regulations shall enable the rate of minimum personal
pension to be calculated in accordance with paragraph (a) of
subsection (4) above only if the scheme so provides that-
( a) the contributions of the earner and those of the employer
together, or those of the employer alone, amount to,
or to the equivalent of, at least 5 per cent. of the
earner's reckonable earnings ; and
( b ) the contributions of the employer alone amount to, or
to the equivalent of, at least 2.5 per cent. of those
earnings.
( 6) Regulations-
( a) may enable the basis of calculating the rate of minimum
personal pension to be varied ( subject to any prescribed
conditions) where the rules of the scheme require an
earner who is a man and is married when he attains
pensionable age to surrender part of his minimum
personal pension in order to provide minimum death
benefit for his widow or other dependants ;
( b) so far as made for the purposes of subsection ( 4 ) above,
may prescribe different bases of calculation according
to whether minimum personal pension is or is not
subject to increases complying with section 57 of this
Act .
(7) Where minimum personal pension is subject to increases
complying with section 57 of this Act, but does not come into
payment at its full rate until after pensionable age, the scheme
must make such provision as is necessary to secure that its
full rate when it comes into payment is not less than what
would have been the increased rate if it had come into payment
at its full rate at that age.
(8) Without prejudice to subsection ( 7) above, the scheme must
provide, in the case of minimum personal pension not coming
into payment at its full rate until after pensionable age ( where
the earner remains in the relevant employment after attaining
that age, or consents in writing to postponement), for the pension
to be adjusted so as to take into account any period between
pensionable age and the time when the pension comes into
payment at its full rate ; and-
PART II
c. 38
810 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Minimum
death benefit
( entitlement ).
( a) this provision must be made in such a way as to satisfy
the Occupational Pensions Board as to its adequacy ;
and
( b ) recognition of the scheme may be made subject to
prescribed conditions as to the adjustment of benefit in
such cases.
55.-( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be recognised
in relation to an earner's employment , it must provide for mini-
mum death benefit to be payable on his death in the cases
specified in subsection (2) below, if at his death he leaves a
widow.
( 2 ) The cases above referred to are the following-
(a ) where the earner at the time of his death was in
recognised pensionable employment by reference to
the scheme ;
( b ) where the earner at his death had ceased to be in
recognised pensionable employment by reference to
the scheme and had become entitled thereunder to
minimum personal pension ( whether deferred or in
payment ) and either-
( i ) he had not surrendered his entitlement in
exchange for recognition credits allowed under
another scheme, or by way of commutation, or
( ii) he had so surrendered it , but the surrender
extended only to minimum personal pension and
not to minimum death benefit.
( 3) Regulations may provide for the requirements of this sec-
tion and section 56 of this Act to apply with prescribed modifica-
tions in relation to an earner whose marriage takes place after
the termination of his service in recognised pensionable
employment by reference to the scheme, and may restrict their
application to cases where the marriage takes place not less than
a prescribed period before the earner's death.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection (2)(a) above the length
of the earner's period of service in recognised pensionable
employment must be treated as immaterial.
( 5) In any of the cases specified in subsection ( 2) above the
scheme may, with the approval of the Occupational Pensions
Board, exclude minimum death benefit where the deceased earner
had on the appointed day attained an age within 5 years of
pensionable age or (if earlier) an age within 5 years of whatever
age was for him normal pension age under the scheme.
( 6) Minimum death benefit must be payable to the widow,
except that the scheme may, with the approval of the Board,
confer on the trustees or managers discretion to direct that the
benefit be paid instead to any dependant of the deceased earner,
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 811
or be apportioned between the widow and one or more depen- dants, or between dependants other than the widow.
(7) Minimum death benefit must-
( a ) in a case where at his death the earner had attained
pensionable age, be in the form of a pension ; and
( b) in any other case, be in the form either of a pension
or of a lump sum ;
but subject to the foregoing paragraphs the scheme may
deal differently, as respects the form of the benefit , with different
cases and classes of cases.
( 8) The scheme must so provide that minimum death benefit
must be payable as from the earner's death and, in the case of
benefit in pension form, be payable for the pensioner's life,
subject only-
( a ) to regulations prescribing the provision which may or
must be included in the scheme with respect to the
time when the benefit ( whether in pension form or
otherwise) is to become payable ;
( b) to such provision (if any) as may be made by the
scheme for the pension to be terminated or suspended
in prescribed circumstances.
PART II
56.-( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be recognised Rate or
in relation to an earner's employment it must comply with the amount of
requirements of this section as respects the rate or amount of minimum
death benefit.
minimum death benefit.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, minimum death
benefit, if in the form of a pension, must be at an annual rate not
less than one half that of the deceased earner's own pension ;
and if in the form of alump sum, it must be either-
( a ) anamount not less than 14 times that rate if the pension
was subject to increases complying with section 57 of
this Act and 11 times that rate if it was not so subject ;
ог
( b) an amount not less than 1.5 times
(i ) the annual rate of the deceased's reckonable
earnings in any prescribed period of not more than
12 months before his death, or
( ii) his average annual reckonable earnings in
any prescribed longer period before his death,
( which period need not in either case be a period
ending with the death ) .
( 3) Where the scheme provides for the earner's minimum
personal pension to be subject to increases complying with
c. 38
812 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Increase of
pension
after it
comes into
payment.
section 57 of this Act, minimum death benefit in pension form
must be also subject to increases complying with that section.
( 4) Where minimum personal pension is calculated on any
basis prescribed under section 54(4 ) of this Act or varied under
section 54(6)(a), the rate or amount of minimum death benefit
must be not less than a rate or amount calculated on any basis
prescribed for the purposes of this section.
( 5 ) In subsection (2) above, references to the deceased earner's
own pension are-
( a ) in a case where he died in service in recognised pension-
able employment, to the minimum personal pension
for which he would have qualified had he at his
death attained pensionable age ; and
( b) in any other case, to the minimum personal pension
( whether immediate or deferred ) for which he qualified
at any time before his death,
allowing in the last -mentioned case for increases of pension
( being increases complying with section 57 of this Act) which
were or would have been payable between pensionable age and
death.
(6) Subsection ( 5) of section 53 of this Act shall apply in
relation to minimum death benefit as it applies in relation
to minimum personal pension.
( 7 ) To such extent, and in such cases, as may be authorised
by regulations, a scheme may provide-
( a ) for excluding minimum death benefit where the rate or
amount of benefit would be less than a prescribed
rate or amount ;
( b) for less than the rate specified in subsection (2) above,
or prescribed under subsection ( 4 ), to be payable where
the deceased earner's widow or, in a case to which
section 55(6) of this Act applies, any dependant of his ,
was more than a prescribed number of years younger
than he was.
57.-( 1 ) For an occupational pension scheme to be recog-
nised in relation to an earner's employment, in so far as
recognition depends on provisions of the scheme relating to
pension-increases complying with this section, the scheme must
( subject to subsection (2) below ) by its rules provide such
increases of minimum pension (whether personal pension or
death benefit in pension form) as to satisfy the Occupational
Pensions Board-
( a ) that the first increase after the pension comes into
payment is payable after a period which is reasonable,
and that the increase is of an adequate amount ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 813
( b) that increases thereafter will be payable at not more than
PART II
yearly intervals and will be calculated on a basis
which either-
(i ) appears to the Board to correspond with that
adopted in relation to official pensions under section
2 of the Pensions (Increase ) Act 1971 ( increase by
reference to rise in cost of living ), or
1971 с. 56.
(ii) provides increases at a rate of not less than
3 per cent. a year compound ;
and, where the scheme's rules provide for the increase of any
year ( computed on either of the alternative bases specified in
paragraph (b) above) to be withheld if it is of less than a pre-
scribed amount, the rules must provide for that year's increase
to be carried forward and brought into computation in
calculating the increases of subsequent years.
(2) The scheme may be recognised in relation to the employ-
ment in question ( if otherwise qualifying for recognition ) in any
case where the Board, having regard-
( a ) to the nature and scope of the provision made by the
scheme's rules for increasing pensions after they come
into payment ;
( b) to the means adopted, or to be adopted, for financing
the scheme ; and
( c ) to any increases which have been made of pensions
already in payment under the scheme,
are satisfied that, taking one year with another, present and
future pensioners under the scheme are likely to be protected
to the same extent as they would have been if subsection ( 1 ) (b) (ii)
above were complied with.
( 3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the
scheme may in respect of pension-increases deal differently with
different categories of pensioners .
( 4) The scheme may include provision enabling the basis of
calculating pension-increases to be altered from time to time,
whether in relation to all pensioners present and future, or to
any particular category or categories of pensioners ; but a scheme
rule to this effect must provide for the alteration to be made
only with the Board's approval.
58.-( 1) In this Act-
Transfer
(a) " transfer credits " means rights allowed to an earner between
ofbenefit
under the rules of an occupational pension scheme by schemes:
reference to a transfer to that scheme of his accrued linked
rights from another scheme ;
qualifying service.(b) " accrued rights ", in relation to a scheme, includes any
transfer credits allowed under that scheme ; and
c .38
814 Social Security Act 1973
PART II ( c ) " recognition credits " means transfer credits allowed to
an earner under the rules of a scheme in respect of-
( i) minimum benefits (whether minimum personal
pension or minimum death benefit, or both) accrued
under, and transferred from, another scheme by
reference to which the earner has previously been in
recognised pensionable employment, or benefits
which include minimum benefits so accrued, or
( ii) transfer credits previously allowed under any
scheme, so far as representing or replacing, or other-
wise allowed in respect of , minimum benefits so
accrued ( or benefits including them),
and in this subsection " rights " includes rights to benefit and
also options to have benefit paid in a particular form or at a
particular time.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Act, any period of an earner's
service in an employment is linked qualifying service in relation
to a later period of service ( whether in the same or another
employment) if-
(a) under the rules of a scheme applying to him in the earlier
period of service there was made a transfer of his
accrued rights under that scheme to another scheme
applying to him in the later period of service ; and
( b) in consequence of that transfer, there are (or were)
allowed to him transfer credits under the rules of that
other scheme,
except that, for any service to be taken into account as linked
qualifying service, it must be actual service, no regard being had
to any scheme rule which provides for service to be treated, for
any purposes of benefit or otherwise, as longer or shorter than
it actually is.
( 3) Where in relation to any employment the rules of a scheme
allow for the transfer of accrued rights to another scheme, then
for the scheme to be recognised in relation to that employment
it must so provide that any transfer of minimum benefits (or
benefits including them) or recognition credits can be made only
to a scheme which-
(a) is recognised in relation to any employment ; or
(b) falls within some category or description of schemes
prescribed for the purpose of this subsection.
(4) Where the rules of a scheme provide for the allowance of
transfer credits, then for the scheme to be recognised in relation
to any employment it must provide for them, if and so far as
they consist of recognition credits, to be in such form, and
subject to such conditions, as may be prescribed.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 815
( 5) Any provision which has for its effect that a transfer of PART II
accrued rights can be made otherwise than with the earner's
consent shall be inadmissible in relation to the minimum benefits
of an occupational pension scheme, except in such cases as may
be prescribed.
59.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the Financing
resources of an occupational pension scheme are the funds and security
out of which the benefits provided by the scheme ( whether of minimum
minimum or other benefits) are payable from time to time,
benefits.
including the proceeds of any policy of insurance taken out, or
annuity contract entered into, for the purposes of the scheme.
( 2) For a scheme (other than a public service pension
scheme) to be recognised in relation to an earner's employment,
the Occupational Pensions Board must be satisfied-
( a ) that the resources of the scheme are sufficient for all
claims in respect of the minimum benefits of the scheme
( so far as falling to be met out of those resources) to
be met from time to time having regard to the antici-
pated extent of the scheme's resources, and to its other
liabilities, at any time when claims may be expected
to arise ; and
( b) generally as to the arrangements in force or to be in
force from time to time for securing the minimum
benefits of the scheme.
( 3) If the scheme contains a rule as to the priority of claims
on a winding up, and the rule is so framed as to accord priority,
in the event of a winding up, to particular liabilities, and those
liabilities consist of or include-
( a ) pensions and other benefits in respect of which entitle-
ment to payment has arisen ;
(b) prospective minimum benefits ; and
( c) equivalent pension benefits under Part III of the former
principal Act or the corresponding Northern Ireland
legislation,
( with or without priority as between particular liabilities), over
all other liabilities under the scheme except any arising in respect
of the expenses of administration ( so far as those expenses are
payable out of the resources of the scheme), then, subject to the
following subsection, the Board must be satisfied that, in the
event of an immediate winding up, those resources would be
sufficient for the particular liabilities accorded priority, and also
liabilities in respect of the expenses of administration (so far as
so payable) , to be met.
( 4 ) In applying subsection (3) above, the Board may disregard
liabilities with priority, in so far as their priority ranks lower
c. 38
816 Social Security Act 1973
PART II than that of the liabilities specified in paragraphs (a ) to (c) of
the subsection and lower also than liabilities in respect of the
expenses of administration .
(5 ) References in subsections ( 2) and (3) above to the minimum
benefits of the scheme are to be taken as including references to
recognition credits.
( 6 ) If the scheme contains no such rule as is referred to in
subsection (3) above the Board must be satisfied that the
resources of the scheme would be sufficient, in the event of an
immediate winding-up, to meet in full all the liabilities falling
to be discharged out of those resources.
( 7) Where recognition or continued recognition depends on
the Board being satisfied as mentioned in subsection (2), (3)
or (6) above, the scheme may be recognised or continue to be
recognised (as the case may be ) in relation to any employment
subject to such conditions as the Board think fit to impose for
securing that the resources of the scheme are brought to, and
maintained at, a level satisfactory to them ( including conditions
requiring steps to be taken, at the instance of the Board, to
increase those resources at any time after recognition, including
a time when the scheme has ceased to be recognised ) ; and
non-compliance with any condition imposed by the Board under
this subsection shall be grounds on which the Board may cancel
a recognition certificate issued in respect of any employment
within the application of the scheme.
( 8) In considering a scheme by reference to the considerations
of subsections (2), (3) or (6) above, the Board shall have regard
to any investments held for the purposes of the scheme ; and
the Board may by reference to those considerations make it a
condition of recognition ( or continued recognition ) that-
(a) no part, or no more than a specified proportion, of the
scheme's resources shall be invested in investments of
a specified class or description ;
( b ) there shall be realised, before the expiration of a specific
period, the whole or a specified proportion of invest-
ments of a specified class or description forming part
of the scheme's resources when the condition is
imposed ;
and in the event of any such condition not being complied with,
this shall be a ground on which the Board may withhold
recognition or cancel a recognition certificate issued in respect
of any employment within the application of the scheme.
( 9) Any provision which permits the payment out, otherwise
than in prescribed circumstances, of any sum representing the
surrender value of a policy of insurance taken out for the
purposes of the scheme shall be inadmissible in relation to the
minimum benefits of a recognised scheme.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 817
60.-( 1) Except as provided by the following subsections, any
PART II
provision having effect so as to enable the whole or part of Provisions
any minimum benefit to be commuted or surrendered, or to be barring
subject to any charge, lien or set -off, shall be inadmissible in commutation,
relation to the minimum benefits of a recognised scheme. forfeiture surrender or
( 2) Subsection (1) above shall not prevent a scheme qualifying benefit .
of minimum
for recognition with any of the following provisions-
( a) provisions enabling an earner (subject to section 58
of this Act) to surrender his accrued minimum benefits
in exchange for recognition credits allowed under
another scheme ;
(b) provisions enabling minimum benefit in the form of a
pension (whether personal benefit alone, or death
benefit alone, or both benefits together ) to be com-
muted, in prescribed circumstances, where the annual
rate would not exceed a prescribed amount ; or
(c ) provisions approved by the Occupational Pensions
Board and permitting an earner to commute his mini-
mum personal pension in exceptional circumstances of
serious ill- health ;
nor shall that subsection prevent a scheme qualifying for recogni-
tion with provisions whereby minimum personal pension is
calculated on any basis prescribed under section 54( 4) of this
Act or varied under section 54(6) (a) .
( 3) Any provision having effect so as to involve the forfeiture
of any minimum benefit, otherwise than in such circumstances
as may be prescribed, shall be inadmissible in relation to the
minimum benefits of a recognised scheme.
61.-( 1) Where a person is entitled or prospectively entitled Minimum
to minimum benefit under an occupational pension scheme, and benefit to
the person's entitlement is in respect of his or another person's be inalienable .
service in recognised pensionable employment by reference to
that scheme, every assignment of, or charge on, that benefit, and
every agreement to assign or charge the benefit ( whether or not
made at a time when the employment was recognised pensionable
employment or the scheme a recognised scheme in relation to
that employment) shall be void.
( 2) On the bankruptcy of a person who is entitled, or prospec-
tively entitled, as mentioned in subsection (1) above, minimum
benefit the assignment of which is or would be made void by
that subsection shall not pass to any trustee or other person acting
on behalf of his creditors.
(3) The foregoing subsections apply to recognition credits as
they apply to minimum benefits .
c .38
818 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
1913 с. 20.
1958 с. 28.
1857 с. 60.
Supervision
ofschemes
after
withdrawal of
recognition.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) the reference to assignment of benefit shall be read as a
reference to its assignation, " assign" being construed
accordingly ; and
( b) the reference to a person's bankruptcy shall be read as a
reference to the sequestration of his estate or the
appointment on his estate of a judicial factor under
section 14 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 or
section 15 of the Solicitors ( Scotland) Act 1958,
and in its application to Northern Ireland the reference to a
person's bankruptcy shall be read as including the vesting of a
person's estate and effects in the official assignee under section
349 of the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act 1857.
62.-(1 ) Where a recognition certificate in respect of any
employment is cancelled or surrendered, the following provisions
of this section shall apply in respect of any occupational pension
scheme ( not being a public service pension scheme ) by reference
to which that employment was recognised pensionable employ-
ment ; and those provisions shall continue so to apply for as
long as any person qualifies (immediately or prospectively ) for
any of the minimum benefits of the scheme.
( 2) The Occupational Pensions Board shall be under a duty
to satisfy themselves from time to time as to-
( a ) the matters in respect of which they are required to
be satisfied for recognition purposes under section 59
of this Act (that is to say, the matters dealt with in
subsection (2) of that section and those dealt with in
subsection (3) or (6), whichever is applicable) ; and
( b) the soundness and adequacy of any investments held
for the purposes of the scheme (so far as relevant
to the considerations of those subsections) ;
and where the scheme was recognised subject to such conditions
as are referred to in section 59( 7) or (8), those conditions shall
continue to be binding notwithstanding that there is no
recognition certificate in force.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) (a) above the Board may
( either by way of enforcement of such conditions as are referred
to in section 59(7), or otherwise) by order require employers to
make such payments to increase the resources of the scheme or
for any other purpose as the Board think expedient for securing
the minimum benefits of the scheme ; and in the case of an
employer failing to make any payment required by such an
order-
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 819
( a) the Board may make a further order declaring the amount
which the employer has failed to pay to be a debt due
from him to the Board and may recover it from him
accordingly ; and
( b) any amount so recovered shall be paid over by the
Board ( on the employer's behalf ) in accordance with
the terms of the original order.
( 4 ) In so far as the Board are not satisfied as mentioned
in subsection (2)(b) above, they may by order modify the
scheme's rules or by order direct the scheme's trustees or
managers to take such steps as the order may specify, in either
case with a view to ensuring that the minimum benefits of
the scheme are adequately secured to its beneficiaries, both
present and future.
( 5 ) If it appears to the Board that there has been, or is
likely to be, a breach of any rule of the scheme relating to
the matters dealt with in sections 53 to 60 of this Act, the
Board may take such steps as they think expedient with a view
to remedying or preventing the breach ; and for this purpose they
may themselves take any proceedings for enforcement of the
rules which would be open to a person as an actual or
prospective beneficiary under the scheme, or as one of its
trustees or managers, or as being otherwise concerned with the
scheme or its benefits, and may assume the conduct of pro-
ceedings for enforcement brought by any such person.
( 6 ) Where the Board are satisfied that the minimum benefits
of the scheme are not, and cannot be, adequately secured to
its beneficiaries, they may by order-
( a ) require the scheme to be wound up in accordance with
such directions in that behalf as may be contained in
the order ; or
( b) direct the trustees or managers to take such steps for
the winding-up of the scheme as the order may specify ;
and, on a winding- up in pursuance of an order of theirs under
this subsection, the same powers shall be exercisable by the
Board in relation to the scheme's winding-up rules as are
exercisable by them under subsection ( 5) above in relation to
other rules.
( 7) References in this section to the minimum benefits of a
scheme-
( a ) include references to recognition credits ; but
( b) subject to paragraph (a ) above, are only to benefits to
which immediate or prospective entitlement arises by
virtue of service in employment which has been
recognised pensionable employment by reference to the
scheme ;
PARTII
c. 38
820 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Requirements
relating to
preservation
of benefits .
and, in relation to a scheme of any prescribed category.
the reference in subsection (3) above to employers shall include
such persons as may be prescribed as among those to whom
an order of the Board under that subsection may be directed
in the case of a scheme of that category after it has ceased
to be recognised.
Preservation of benefit under occupational pension schemes
63. ( 1) The requirements of this Part of this Act relating
to preservation of benefit under occupational pension schemes
( " the preservation requirements ") are those set out in Part I
of Schedule 16 to this Act; and Part II of that Schedule shall
have effect for enabling the Secretary of State to make regula-
tions modifying the preservation requirements and generally in
relation to the preservation of benefit under occupational pension
schemes.
( 2) This section shall have effect for securing that occupational
pension schemes in force on the appointed day or coming into
force thereafter conform with the preservation requirements in
so far as conformity can be achieved by the use of powers con-
ferred by this section (in addition to any powers otherwise
exercisable) on those concerned with such schemes and on the
Occupational Pensions Board.
( 3) It is hereby declared that nothing in the foregoing provi-
sions of this section or in Schedule 16 to this Act is to be taken-
( a ) to apply with direct effect to any scheme (whether
having effect before or after this section comes into
force ) , or to the rights or liabilities of any person in,
under or by virtue of a scheme ; or
( b) to preclude a scheme from being so framed as to provide
benefits on any ampler scale, or (subject to any express
provision made in the Schedule) payable at any earlier
time or otherwise more favourable to beneficiaries,
than is called for by the preservation requirements .
( 4 ) In the case of an occupational pension scheme whose
resources are derived as mentioned in section 51( 4)( a) of this
Act, it shall be the responsibility-
( a ) of the trustees and managers of the scheme or, in the
case of a public service pension scheme, of the
Minister, government department or other person or
body concerned with its administration, to take such
steps as are open to them for bringing the scheme into
conformity (if it does not otherwise conform ) with the
preservation requirements ; and
(b) of the Occupational Pensions Board to advise the trus-
tees and managers, or, if it is a public service pension
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 821
scheme, the Minister, department or others concerned
with the scheme as to whether it does or does not (in
the Board's opinion ) conform with those requirements
and, if the Board are of opinion that the scheme does
not conform, to indicate the steps which they consider
should be taken with a view to securing conformity ;
and the following provisions of this section shall have effect
in relation to schemes whose resources are so derived, but not
in relation to public service pension schemes.
( 5) On an application made to them in respect of an occира-
tional pension scheme by persons competent to make such an
application in respect of it , the Occupational Pensions Board
shall issue a determination as to whether or not the scheme
conforms with the preservation requirements ; and the persons
competent to make such an application in respect of a scheme
are-
(a ) the trustees or managers of the scheme ;
(b) any person other than the trustees or managers who
has power to alter any of the rules of the scheme ;
( c ) any person who is an employer of persons in service in
an employment to which the scheme applies ;
( d ) any member or prospective member of the scheme ;
( e ) such other persons as regulations may specify, in rela-
tion to any category of schemes into which the scheme
falls, as being proper persons to make an application
for the purposes of this section in respect of a scheme
of that category.
( 6) The Board may at any time of their own motion issue,
in respect of a scheme which has come to their notice (including
in particular a scheme which they are considering with a view
to recognition, or one in respect of which an application
has been made to them under section 64 of this Act for an
order authorising the modification of the scheme, or modifying
it), any determination which they could issue in the case of that
scheme on an application to them under subsection (5) above.
( 7) If the Board determine, in the case of a scheme, that it
does not conform with the preservation requirements they shall,
either at the time of issuing their determination or as soon
thereafter as they think expedient-
( a) by order direct the trustees or managers of the scheme,
or any such persons as are referred to in subsection
(5)(b) above, to exercise such powers as they possess
for modifying the scheme with a view to bringing it
into conformity with those requirements (for which
purpose the Board shall include in their order such
PART II
c .38
822 Social Security Act 1973
PART II directions as they think appropriate to indicate the
modification appearing to them to be called for) ; or
(b) if there is no person with power to modify the scheme
as required by the Board, by order authorise the trustees
or managers, or other persons named in the order ( who
may in particular include such an employer as is
specified in subsection (5 ) ( c) above) to make that
modification ; or
( c ) themselves by order modify the scheme with a view to
achieving the purposes above-mentioned.
( 8) The Board may exercise their powers under subsection ( 7)
above from time to time in relation to any scheme in respect
of which they have issued a determination under this section,
and may exercise the powers together or separately.
(9) Any modification of a scheme made in pursuance of
an order of the Board under subsection (7) (b) or (c) above shall
be as effective in law as if it had been made under powers
conferred by or under the scheme ; and such an order may be
made and complied with in relation to a scheme-
( a) notwithstanding any enactment or rule of law, or any
rule of the scheme, which would otherwise operate to
prevent the modification being made ;
( b) without regard to any such enactment, rule of law or
rule of the scheme as would otherwise require, or might
otherwise be taken to require, the implementation of
any procedure, or the obtaining of any consent, with
a view to the making of the modification.
(10 ) An order of the Board under subsection ( 7 )(a ) above
may require persons to exercise a power retrospectively ( whether
or not the power could otherwise be so exercised), and an order
under subsection ( 7)(b) or (c ) may operate retrospectively ; and
in this subsection " retrospectively " means with effect from a
date before that on which the power is exercised or, as the
case may be, the order is made, not being in either case a date
earlier than the appointed day.
( 11) At any time when the Board are concerned with an
occupational pension scheme for the purposes of issuing a deter-
mination under this section, they may include a determination
( whether or not applied for ) as to any of the particular matters
specified in Part I of Schedule 16 to this Act (including that
Part as modified by regulations under Part II of that Schedule) .
(12 ) For the purpose of arriving at a determination under this
section in respect of a scheme the Board may, if they think it
expedient having regard-
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 823
( a ) to the structure and character of the scheme ; and
( b) to any anomalous or impractical consequences that may
be expected to follow from its modification to achieve
conformity with any particular provision of Part I of
Schedule 16 to this Act (including that Part as modified
under Part II of that Schedule),
disregard that provision in relation to the scheme, or direct
that it be applied with such modification as may be specified
in their determination.
PART II
Modification and winding-up of schemes
64.-( 1) On an application made to them in respect of an Modification
occupational pension scheme by persons competent to make such and
an application in respect of it the Occupational Pensions Board winding-up
may make an order- by order of
Occupational
( a ) authorising the modification of the scheme with a view Pensions
to achieving any one or more of the purposes specified Board .
in subsection (3) below ;
(b) modifying the scheme with a view to achieving any one
or more of those purposes ; or
( c ) directing or authorising the scheme to be wound up
on grounds specified in subsection ( 4 ) below.
( 2) Nothing in this section applies to public service pension
schemes.
( 3) The purposes referred to in subsection (1 )(a) and (b) above
are those of enabling the scheme-
( a ) to be so treated that an employment to which it applies
may be recognised pensionable employment by
reference to it ;
( b) to qualify for the approval of the Inland Revenue for the
purposes of Chapter II of Part II of the Finance Act 1970 c. 24.
1970 or to provide benefits enhanced up to the limits
suitable in a scheme for which such approval is sought ;
( c ) to provide for the transfer of accrued rights to another
scheme with a view to the acquisition, for those whose
rights are transferred, of rights under the other scheme
in connection with change of employment or otherwise,
and for the allowance of transfer credits ;
( d ) to comply with the preservation requirements (without
prejudice, however, to anything in section 63(5) to ( 12)
of this Act) ;
(e) to provide for accrued entitlement to benefit (whether in
payment or not ) , so far as payable out of the resources
of the scheme, to be surrendered by beneficiaries (at
their option and not otherwise, so long as the scheme
c . 38
824 Social Security Act 1973
PART II remains in force and is not being, or to be, wound
up) in exchange for other rights assured by means of
one or more policies of insurance or annuity contracts,
or by other means ;
( f ) to qualify under section 69 of this Act or to have
included in, or removed from, it provisions designed
to avoid the effect of the rules of law relating to
perpetuities,
or of enabling the trustees or managers of the scheme, or
others concerned with, or having rights under, it to enter into
alternative arrangements having regard to any provision of this
Act, or of any other Act ( passed or to be passed ) amending
or replacing any such provision, or making provision for similar
purposes.
( 4 ) The grounds on which the Board may direct or authorise
a scheme to be wound up, on an application made to them in
that behalf under subsection (1) above, are that , having regard
to any provision of this Act, or to any other Act ( passed or
to be passed) amending or replacing any such provision or
making provision for similar purposes, the scheme ought to be
replaced (in whole or in part ) by a different scheme, or is no
longer required.
( 5 ) In relation to an occupational pension scheme, the persons
competent to make an application to the Board under this section
are-
( a ) the trustees or managers of the scheme ;
( b) any person other than the trustees or managers who
has power to alter any of the rules of the scheme ;
( c) any person who is an employer of persons in service
in an employment to which the scheme applies ; and
( d ) such other persons as regulations may specify, in relation
to any category of schemes into which the scheme falls,
as being proper persons to make an application for the
purposes of this section in respect of a scheme of that
category .
( 6) The Board shall not entertain an application for an order
by them under this section unless they are satisfied that the
purposes of the application ( whether the modification or the
winding-up of the scheme in question ) -
( a) cannot be achieved otherwise than by means of such an
order ; or
(b) can only be achieved in accordance with a procedure
which is liable to be unduly complex or protracted,
or involves the obtaining of consents which cannot be
obtained, or can only be obtained with undue delay
ordifficulty ;
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 825
but subject to this the Board may on such an application make
PART II
( with the consent of the applicants ) any one or more such
orders as are specified in subsection ( 1) above and may exercise
any of the powers of this section from time to time; and the
extent of their powers under this section is not limited, in rela-
tion to any purposes for which they are exercisable, to the
minimum necessary to achieve those purposes.
( 7 ) The Board shall not make an order under this section
( whether related to the modification or to the winding-up of a
scheme) unless they are satisfied that it is reasonable in all the
circumstances to make it ; and they shall not make any such
order as would or might in their opinion result in any existing
or prospective entitlement of a member of the scheme, in respect
of a period of service before the coming into force of the order
or of any modification which the order authorises, being
diminished or curtailed without his consent, unless they are
satisfied that it is in the interests of the generality of members
that the order should be made.
( 8) In considering whether or not to make an order, the Board
shall have regard to the structure and character of the scheme
and the benefits provided by it , to the provisions of this Act
and Chapter II of Part II of the Finance Act 1970, and generally 1970 с. 24.
to all the circumstances.
( 9) An order of the Board under this section-
( a) if it is an order authorising the modification of a scheme,
shall be framed so as to confer the power of modifica-
tion on such persons as the Board think proper (includ-
ing persons who were not parties to any application
made to the Board) and shall include directions indicat-
ing the modifications which they consider to be called
for;
( b) if it is an order authorising a scheme to be wound up,
shall include directions with respect to the manner
and timing of the winding- up ;
and any reference in this subsection to directions is to such
directions as the Board think appropriate having regard to the
purposes of the order .
(10) Subsection (9) of section 63 of this Act shall apply
with the necessary modifications in relation to an order of the
Board under this section as it applies in relation to an order
of theirs under subsection (7) (b) or (c) of that section, references
in subsection (9) to modification being construed for this purpose
as including references to winding- up ; and-
c .38
826 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
1971 с. 68.
( a ) an order authorising modification may enable those
exercising any power conferred by the order to exercise
it retrospectively (whether or not the power could
otherwise be so exercised) ; and
( b) an order modifying a scheme may modify it retro-
spectively ;
and in this subsection " retrospectively means with effect from
a date before that on which the power is exercised or, as the
case may be, the order is made, but only such date as may be
proposed for the purposes of this subsection by the persons
applying for the order.
(11) In section 22 of the Finance Act 1971 (provisions for
amendment of schemes with a view to obtaining Inland Revenue
approval) , subsections (4) to ( 10) (powers of Chief Registrar of
Friendly Societies to amend schemes) shall cease to have effect.
Modification ,
65.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the appro-
etc. of public service
priate authority shall, in relation to a public service pension
pension
scheme, have power to make such provision for the modification
schemes.
or winding-up of the scheme as could be made by an order of
the Occupational Pensions Board under section 64( 1 ) (b) or (c) of
this Act in the case of a scheme other than a public service
pension scheme ; and in this section " the appropriate authority ",
in relation to a scheme, means such Minister of the Crown or
government department as may be designated by the Minister
for the Civil Service or, in Northern Ireland, the Ministry of
Finance as having responsibility for the particular scheme.
( 2) The powers of the appropriate authority under this section
shall be exercisable by means of an order-
( a) directly modifying the scheme (without regard, in the
case of a scheme contained in, or made under powers
conferred by, an enactment, to the terms of the enact-
ment or any of its restrictions) ;
(b) modifying an enactment under which the scheme was
made or by virtue of which it has effect ; or
( c ) directing that the scheme be wound up and including
directions with respect to the manner and timing of
the winding-up ;
and any such order shall contain such incidental, supplementary
and transitional provisions as the appropriate authority considers
to be required for the purposes of the order, including provisions
adapting, amending or repealing any such enactment as is
referred to in paragraph (a) or ( b) above.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 827
The Occupational Pensions Board PART II
66.-( 1 ) The Occupational Pensions Board shall be a body Establishment
corporate by that name and have-
of the Board;
their functions
( a ) the functions conferred on them by this Act ; and
and procedure.
( b) such advisory functions as may be conferred on them
by the Secretary of State in respect of occupational
pension schemes ( including public service pension
schemes ).
( 2 ) The Board shall consist of a chairman, a deputy chair-
man and not less than 8 nor more than 12 other members, all
appointed by the Secretary of State ; and of the members other
than the chairman and deputy chairman, one shall be appointed
after consultation with organisations representative of em-
ployers, and one shall be appointed after consultation with
organisations representative of employed earners ( being in either
case such organisations as the Secretary of State thinks it
appropriate to consult) .
( 3) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons 1957 с. 20.
Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are dis-
qualified) there shall be inserted at the appropriate place in
alphabetical order-
" The Occupational Pensions Board " ;
and the same words shall also be inserted at the appropriate
place in alphabetical order in the Part substituted for Part II by
Schedule 3 to that Act in relation to the Senate and House of
Commons of Northern Ireland.
( 4) The Board shall be included among the tribunals in rela-
tion to which the Council on Tribunals may under section 5 of
the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 make general recommen- 1971 c. 62 .
dations as to appointments to membership ; and the functions of
the Council shall include that of keeping under review, and from
time to time reporting on-
(a ) the constitution of the Board ; and
( b) their working, so far as relating to matters dealt with
by the Board by means of a formal hearing, or on
review.
( 5) Schedule 17 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the Board and their affairs .
( 6 ) It shall be the duty of the Board, as soon as practicable
after the end of each calendar year, to make to the Secretary of
State a report on the exercise of their functions in that year ; and
the Secretary of State shall lay a copy of the report before each
House of Parliament.
c.38
828 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
( 7 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations generally
as to the procedure to be followed by the Board in the exercise
of their functions and the manner in which their functions are
to be exercised and may in particular make provision-
( a) as to the procedure to be adopted in connection with the
issue, cancellation, variation or surrender of recognition
certificates, and with applications, determinations and
the making of orders ;
(b ) as to the hearing of parties, the taking of evidence and
the circumstances (if any) in which a document of
any prescribed description is to be treated, for the
purposes of any proceedings before the Board, as
evidence, or conclusive evidence, of any prescribed
matter ;
( c ) as to the time to be allowed for making any application
or renewed application to the Board ( whether for an
order or determination of the Board, or for the review
of a determination, or otherwise) ;
( d ) as to the manner in which parties to any proceedings
before the Board may, or are to, be represented for
the purposes of the proceedings.
( 8) Regulations under subsection ( 7) above may provide for
enabling the Board to summon persons to attend before them
and give evidence (including evidence on oath ) for any purposes
of proceedings in connection with an occupational pension
scheme, to produce any documents required by the Board for
those purposes, or to furnish any information which the Board
may require relating to any such scheme which is the subject
matter of proceedings pending before them.
( 9) So far as regulations under subsection ( 7) above relate to
procedure on any formal hearing by the Board, the power of the
Secretary of State to make them shall be exercisable only after
consultation with the Council on Tribunals .
Review of
Board's
67.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and section
86 of this Act (appeal on point of law), where the Occupational
determinations. Pensions Board have
( a ) determined to issue, cancel or vary a recognition certifi-
cate ; or
( b) determined to make, or not to make, any order which
they have power to make under this Part of this Act ;
or
(c) determined any other question which it is within their
functions to determine,
their determination shall be final.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 829
( 2) The Board may on the application of a person appearing
PART II
to them to be interested-
( a ) at any time review any such determination of theirs
as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, or a deter-
mination given by them on a previous review, if they
are satisfied that there has been a relevant change of
circumstances since the determination was made, or
that the determination was made in ignorance of a
material fact or based on a mistake as to a material
fact ;
( b) at any time within a period of 6 months from the date
of the determination, or within such longer period as
they may allow in any particular case, review such a
determination on any ground.
( 3) The Board's powers on a review under this section shall
include power to vary or revoke any determination or order
previously made, to substitute a different determination or order,
and generally to deal with the matters arising on the review as
if they had arisen on the original determination.
( 4) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below, regulations made by the
Secretary of State may make provision with respect to the
procedure to be adopted on any application for a review under
this section and generally with respect to such applications and
reviews ; but nothing in this subsection shall be taken to prevent
such a review being entered upon by the Board without an
application being made.
(5) The power of the Secretary of State to make regulations
under subsection ( 4 ) above shall be exercisable only after con-
sultation with the Council on Tribunals.
68.- ( 1 ) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make any Submission
regulations under this Part of this Act ( other than regulations to the Board
to be made before the expiration of 6 months after the passing of proposals
to makeof this Act ) he shall refer the proposals, in the form of draft regulations.
regulations or otherwise, to the Occupational Pensions Board.
( 2) The Board shall consider any proposals referred to them
under this section and make a report to the Secretary of State
containing such recommendations as they think fit with regard to
the subject- matter of the proposals ; and if after receiving the
Board's report the Secretary of State lays before Parliament
regulations or draft regulations which comprise the whole or any
part of the subject-matter of proposals referred to the Board
he shall lay with the regulations or draft a copy of the report
and a statement showing-
(a ) the extent (if any) to which the Secretary of State has,
in framing the regulations, given effect to the recom-
mendations contained in the Board's report ; and
c . 38
830 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
Rule against
perpetuities .
( b ) in so far as effect has not been given to any such
recommendations, his reasons why not.
( 3) In relation to any regulations required or authorised under
this Act to be made by the Secretary of State in conjunction
with the Treasury, any reference in the foregoing provisions of
this section to the Secretary of State shall be construed as a
reference to him and the Treasury acting jointly.
Miscellaneous
69.-( 1 ) At any time when an occupational pension scheme
qualifies under this section it shall be exempt from the operation
of any rules of law relating to perpetuities which would otherwise
invalidate, or might be taken to invalidate, any of the trusts of
the scheme or any disposition made under it or for its purposes
( whether trusts created, or dispositions made, before or after the
scheme first qualified under this section) .
( 2 ) A public service pension scheme qualifies under this section
at all times ; and otherwise a scheme qualifies at any time when-
( a ) it is recognised under this Part of this Act in relation to
any employment ; or
( b) it satisfies the requirements of regulations under this
subsection.
( 3) Regulations under subsection ( 2) above may require a
scheme-
( a) to contain provisions in any prescribed form, or to any
prescribed effect ; or
(b) to have, or to be such that it may be expected to qualify
for, tax-exemption or tax-approval ;
and the regulations may be so framed that, in prescribed circum-
stances, the requirements can be treated as satisfied if application
has been duly made to the Inland Revenue with a view to
obtaining tax-approval for the scheme.
ود
( 4) In subsection (3) above, " tax-exemption and " tax-
appproval " mean respectively exemption from tax and approval
of the Inland Revenue in either case under any such provision
of the Income Tax Acts as may be prescribed by regulations.
(5) Regulations may include provision whereby a scheme
which ceases to be recognised, or ceases to satisfy the require-
ments of regulations under subsection (2) above, may neverthe-
less be treated as continuing to qualify under this section for a
further period of 2 years from the cesser, or for such longer period
as the Occupational Pensions Board consider to be reasonable in
the case of a particular scheme.
(6) As respects the operation of the rules of law referred to in
subsection ( 1 ) above-
(a ) this section does not validate with retrospective effect
any trusts created or dispositions made under or for the
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 831
purpose of a scheme if (taking into account, where
PART II
applicable, section 3(1) of the Perpetuities and Accu- 1964 с. 55.
mulations Act 1964 (" wait and see ") or the correspond-
ing Northern Ireland enactment) those trusts or disposi-
tions were already required to be treated as void under
the rules before the scheme qualified under this section ;
and
( b) if a scheme ceases to qualify, trusts so created and
dispositions so made shall then again be subject to the
rules as if the scheme had never qualified ( but without
prejudice to any rights which vested during the period
of qualification) .
( 7) There shall cease to have effect-
( a) the Superannuation and other Trust Funds ( Validation) 1927 c. 41 .
Act 1927 (power to register superannuation schemes,
with consequent exemption from the rule against
perpetuities) , except section 9 and section 11 so far as
it provides for citation and extends section 9 to
Northern Ireland ; and
(b) the corresponding Northern Ireland enactment, that is
to say the Superannuation and other Trust Funds 1928 c. 6.
( Validation) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1928 ;
( Ν.Ι.) .
but regulations may provide, in relation to a scheme whose fund
was registered under either Act immediately before its repeal
took effect, for the scheme to retain the benefit of the Act, subject
to prescribed conditions and either indefinitely or for a prescribed
period.
(8) The said Acts of 1927 and 1928 shall each, until its repeal
by subsection ( 7) above, have effect with the following modifica-
tions-
( a ) no new application shall be made under section 3 of the
Act for the registration of any fund ( without prejudice
to the effectiveness of any application previously made
or pending ) ; and
(b) the registration of a fund may be cancelled notwith-
standing that the fund has not been wound up, if the
trustees apply in writing to the registrar stating that
they desire its cancellation.
70.-( 1) This section has effect for the removal of doubt Legal
as to the application, or possible application, of certain enact- restrictions of
ments in relation to occupational pension schemes. doubtful
application.
( 2) Nothing in the Truck Acts 1831 to 1940, or the Truck Acts
( Northern Ireland) 1831 to 1940, the Hosiery Manufacture 1874 c. 48.
( Wages) Act 1874 or the Stannaries Act 1887 has, or ever has 1887 с . 43.
c . 38
832 Social Security Act 1973
PART II
1902 с. 21 .
Friendly
societies.
1966 с. 18.
1971 с. 66.
1970 с. 31
( Ν.Ι.) .
had, effect so as to prevent the deduction from a person's earn-
ings, on their payment to him, of his contributions to an occupa-
tional pension scheme, or of sums to be applied for the purpose
of acquiring rights under such a scheme, whether for himself
or for his widow or dependants .
( 3) An occupational pension scheme is not, nor ever has been,
a shop club or thrift fund for the purposes of the Shop Clubs
Act 1902.
71.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with
the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies or, in Northern Ireland,
the Registrar of Friendly Societies for Northern Ireland, make
such regulations as he thinks appropriate for enabling a registered
society to conduct approved group insurance business with a
view to the establishment of occupational pension schemes by
reference to which the employment of members of the society
can be recognised pensionable employment.
( 2 ) The power to make regulations under this section shall
extend to enabling registered societies to conduct such business
as is mentioned in subsection (1) above freed from any restric-
tions of the relevant legislation as to the amounts which a
member, or a person claiming through a member, is entitled to
receive from any one or more societies or branches.
(3) Regulations under this section may include such adapta-
tions and modifications of the relevant legislation, and such
other supplementary and incidental provisions, as the Secretary
of State considers to be necessary or expedient for achieving
the purposes referred to in subsection ( 1) above.
( 4 ) In this section-
( a) as it applies to Great Britain-
(i) " the relevant legislation " means the Friendly
Societies Acts 1896 to 1971 and Part II of Schedule 8
to the Finance Act 1966,
(ii) " registered society " has the same meaning as
in the said Acts of 1896 to 1971, and
(iii) " approved group insurance business " has the
same meaning as in section 10 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1971 ;
( b) as it applies to Northern Ireland-
(i) " the relevant legislation " means the Friendly
Societies Act ( Northern Ireland) 1970,
(ii) " registered society " has the same meaning as
in that Act, and
(iii) " approved group insurance business " has the
same meaning as in paragraph 11 ( 5) of Schedule 2
to thatAct.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 833
72. Where at the request of the trustees or managers of an
PART II
occupational pension scheme or of any employer of earners who Fees for
are members of such a scheme, official services are provided in official
connection with the operation or administration of the scheme services to
schemes .
either by the Secretary of State or by the Occupational Pensions
Board on his behalf, the Secretary of State may require the
payment of fees for the provision of those services .
PART III
THE RESERVE PENSION SCHEME
Establishment of the scheme under the Reserve Pension Board
73.- (1) There shall be a body corporate known as " the The Reserve
Reserve Pension Board ", with responsibility for administering Pension
the reserve pension scheme established by this Part of this Act . Board.
( 2 ) The Board shall have such other functions as are conferred
on them by or under this Act, and in particular they shall be
responsible for advising the Secretary of State from time to time
on such matters relating to the reserve pension scheme as he
may refer to them for their opinion.
( 3) The Board shall make such arrangements with the Secre-
tary of State and the Northern Ireland Ministry as appear
expedient for associating the administration of the reserve pension
scheme with that of-
( a ) the basic scheme as it operates in Great Britain and
Northern Ireland respectively ; and
( b) the Industrial Injuries Acts and the corresponding
Northern Ireland legislation,
and for the exchange of information in that behalf.
( 4) The Board shall consist of a chairman, a deputy chairman
and not less than 6 nor more than 12 other members all appointed
by the Secretary of State ; and of the members other than the
chairman and deputy chairman one shall be appointed after
consultation with organisations representative of employers, and
one shall be appointed after consultation with organisations
representative of employed earners ( being in either case such
organisations as the Secretary of State thinks it appropriate to
consult ) .
(5) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Dis- 1957 c. 20.
qualification Act 1957 ( bodies of which all members are disquali-
fied ) there shall be inserted at the appropriate place in alpha-
betical order-
" The Reserve Pension Board " ;
and the same words shall also be inserted at the appropriate
place in alphabetical order in the Part substituted for Part II
Part II D
c . 38
834 Social Security Act 1973
PART III
by Schedule 3 to that Act in relation to the Senate and House
of Commons of Northern Ireland.
( 6 ) Part I of Schedule 18 to this Act shall have effect with
respect to the Board and their affairs .
The Reserve
Pension
Fund.
74.- (1) There shall be established under the control and
management of the Reserve Pension Board a fund to be known
as " the Reserve Pension Fund " .
(2) There shall be paid into the Reserve Pension Fund-
(a) by the Secretary of State and the Northern Ireland
Ministry respectively all contributions and premiums
paid to them under this Part of this Act, after deduction
of the relevant administrative expenses ; and
( b) by the Board, all money received by them, whether in
the nature of income or capital (including any money
which they borrow) .
(3) The reference in subsection (2) (a) above to the relevant
administrative expenses-
(a ) as regards the Secretary of State, is to such sums as he
may estimate to be the expenses falling on him or any
other government department in Great Britain, in col-
lecting reserve scheme contributions and premiums and
paying them into the Reserve Pension Fund ; and
( b) as regards the Northern Ireland Ministry, is to such sums
as that Ministry may estimate to be the expenses so
falling on it or any other department of the Government
of Northern Ireland ;
and any estimate for the purposes of paragraph (a) or (b) above
shall be arrived at in accordance with any directions of the
Treasury or, in Northern Ireland, the Ministry of Finance.
( 4 ) There shall be paid out of the Reserve Pension Fund-
(a) the reserve scheme pensions provided for by sections 80
and 81 of this Act ;
(b) any expenditure of the Reserve Pension Board in the
exercise of their functions (including expenditure on
administration and the repayment of money borrowed
by the Board and the payment of any interest on money
so borrowed) ; and
(c) any sums which are payable by the Board to the Secre-
tary of State or the Northern Ireland Ministry in respect
of administrative services provided in pursuance of
arrangements made for the purposes of section 73 (3) of
this Act.
(5) There shall be paid out of the Reserve Pension Fund
( a ) into the Consolidated Fund, sums representing expenses
falling on any government department in Great Britain
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 835
and attributable to this Part of this Act, being expenses in respect of the functions-
(i) under section 75(6) of this Act, of the Govern-
ment Actuary, and
(ii) under section 85 of this Act (as it applies to
Great Britain) of the Secretary of State, insurance
officers , local tribunals and National Insurance
Commissioners ;
(b) into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland, sums repre-
senting expenses falling on any department of the
Government of Northern Ireland and so attributable,
being expenses in respect of functions under section 85
of this Act (as it applies to Northern Ireland) of the
Northern Ireland Ministry, insurance officers, local
tribunals and National Insurance Commissioners ;
and payments under this subsection shall be made at such times
and in such manner, and the amount of any expenses referred to
in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) shall be estimated in such
manner, as the Treasury or, in Northern Ireland, the Ministry of
Finance may direct.
(6) The Secretary of State and the Northern Ireland Ministry
respectively shall in respect of each financial year prepare
accounts showing-
( a) the sums received by them in that year and paid into the
Reserve Pension Fund as contributions and premiums
under this Part of this Act ;
( b) any sums paid by them in that year on behalf of the
Reserve Pension Board as reserve scheme pensions (in
pursuance of arrangements made for the purposes of
section 73 (3) of this Act) ;
(c) the relevant administrative expenses for the purposes of
subsection (2)(a) above ; and
( d ) any receipts by them under subsection (4) (c) ;
and these accounts shall be prepared in such form, and in such
manner and at such times, as the Treasury or, in Northern
Ireland, the Ministry of Finance, may direct ; and the Comptroller
and Auditor General shall examine the Secretary of State's
accounts and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon,
before Parliament ; and the Comptroller and Auditor General for
Northern Ireland shall examine the accounts of the Northern
Ireland Ministry and lay copies thereof, together with his report
thereon, before the Parliament of Northern Ireland .
(7) Where payments fall to be made by way of adjustment-
( a ) out of the Reserve Pension Fund either to the Secretary
of State or another government department in Great
Britain, or into the National Insurance Fund or the
Consolidated Fund ; or
Part II D2
PART III
c. 38
836 Social Security Act 1973
PART III
Management
ofthe Fund
and its
investments.
( b ) into the Reserve Pension Fund out of the National
Insurance Fund or out of money provided by
Parliament,
then in such cases or classes of case as may be specified by the
Secretary of State by order made with the consent of the
Treasury, the amount of the payments to be made shall be taken
to be such, and payments on account thereof shall be made at
such times and in such manner, as may be determined by the
Secretary of State in accordance with any directions given by
the Treasury.
(8) Where payments fall to be made by way of adjustment-
(a) out of the Reserve Pension Fund, to a department of the
Government of Northern Ireland or into the Northern
Ireland National Insurance Fund or the Exchequer of
Northern Ireland ; or
(b) into the Reserve Pension Fund, out of the Northern
Ireland National Insurance Fund or out of other public
money belonging to Northern Ireland,
then in such cases or classes of case as may be specified by the
Northern Ireland Ministry by order made with the consent of
the Ministry of Finance the amount of the payments to be made
shall be taken to be such, and payments on account thereof shall
be made at such times and in such manner, as may be determined
by that Ministry in accordance with any directions given by the
Ministry of Finance .
(9) Exemption from income tax shall, on a claim being made
in that behalf, be allowed-
( a) in respect of income derived from investments or
deposits of the Reserve Pension Fund ;
( b) in respect of underwriting commissions if , or to such
extent as the Inland Revenue are satisfied, the under-
writing commissions are applied for the purposes of
the reserve pension scheme and would ( but for this
paragraph) be chargeable to tax under Case VI of
Schedule D;
and for the purposes of capital gains tax a gain shall not be
a chargeable gain where it accrues to the Fund on any disposal
of its investments.
(10) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) above, Part II of Schedule 18
to this Act shall have effect with respect to the accounts of the
Fund and their annual audit.
75.-( 1 ) In exercising their functions under this Part of this
Act, and in particular in their management and investment of the
Reserve Pension Fund, the Board shall have paramount regard
to the interests of existing and future pensioners with pensions
paidor to be paid out of the Fund.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 837
( 2) The Reserve Pension Fund may be invested by the Board
PART III
in any manner they think expedient ; but-
( a ) they shall so exercise their powers that any interest of
the Fund in shares comprised in relevant share capital
of a company to which this subsection applies is
limited to less than 10 per cent. at any one time of
the nominal value of that share capital ;
( b ) if at any time the Fund's interest in any such shares
exceeds the limits imposed by paragraph ( a) above, it
shall be the Board's duty to effect such dispositions
as are necessary for the purposes of compliance with
that paragraph ; and
( c ) the duty imposed by paragraph (b) above shall be carried
out by the Board without delay, except such delay (if
any) as they think necessary to avoid any abnormal
fluctuation of the market ;
and a company to which this subsection applies is one in the
case of which there has, as respects the whole or any proportion
of its share capital, been granted a quotation on any recognised
stock exchange.
( 3) The following shall have effect as to the interpretation
of subsection (2) above-
( a) subject to the following paragraphs, the subsection shall
be construed as if contained in the Companies Act 1948 c. 38.
1948;
( b) " company " includes a company within the meaning
of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland) 1960 ;
1960 с. 38
( Ν.Ι.) .
( c) " recognised stock exchange " includes a stock exchange
recognised for the purposes of the Prevention of Fraud 1940 с. 9
(Investments) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1940 ; ( Ν.Ι.).
( d ) section 28 of the Companies Act 1967 (so far as 1967 c. 81 .
applicable) shall be applied in construing the reference
in paragraph (a) of the subsection to an interest of the
Reserve Pension Fund in shares ; and
(e) " relevant share capital ", in relation to a company,
means issued share capital of a class carrying rights
to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of the
company.
( 4 ) The Board shall have power to borrow money ( whether
by way of overdraft or otherwise), against the security of any of
their assets or otherwise, or against the security of any assets
comprised in the Fund ; but this subsection shall not be taken to
exempt the Board from the provisions of any order under section
1 of the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act 1946 or section 1946 с. 58.
2 of the Loans Guarantee and Borrowing Regulation Act 1946 c. 18
( Northern Ireland) 1946, or from the provisions of the Exchange Control Act 1947.
( N.I.).
1947 с. 14.Part II D 3
c . 38
838 Social Security Act 1973
PART III
Annual
report to
Secretary
ofState.
(5) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury , lend to the Board any sums which the Board have
power to borrow under subsection (4) above up to such amount
as he may (with that approval) determine to be necessary to
enable the Board to establish and bring into operation the
reserve pension scheme ; and any loan which the Secretary of
State makes in pursuance of this subsection shall be repaid to
him at such times by such methods, and interest on the loan shall
be paid to him at such rates and at such times, as he may
with the approval of the Treasury from time to time determine.
( 6) The Government Actuary shall-
( a) as from the end of the period of 3 years beginning with
the appointed day or such shorter period beginning
with that day as the Board may request ; and
( b ) thereafter as from the beginning of every third year
after that in which he last began such a review, or of
such earlier year as the Board may request,
review the financial condition of the Fund as at the end of the
year last ended before the beginning of the review and generally
review the operation of this Part of this Act in past years and
the way in which it may be expected to operate in the future ;
and after completing his review the Government Actuary shall
report his conclusions thereon to the Board ( without prejudice
to any interim report which he thinks it expedient, or the Board
request him, to make) .
76.-( 1) It shall be the duty of the Reserve Pension Board to
make to the Secretary of State, as soon as practicable after
the end of each financial year, a report on-
( a ) the performance of their functions during that year ;
and
( b) the operation in that year of the reserve pension scheme.
( 2) The Board's report to the Secretary of State in respect
of any year shall be accompanied by a copy of their statement
of the accounts of the Reserve Pension Fund for that year, of
the auditors' report on the accounts and of any report which has
been made to the Board by the Government Actuary under
section 75(6) of this Act and which the Board have not pre-
viously submitted to the Secretary of State.
( 3) The report shall include a statement as to the current
investments of the Reserve Pension Fund as at the end of the
year in question ; and the statement, so far as relating to the
Fund's current investments, shall-
(a) be in such form, and contain such particulars, as may
be prescribed ; and
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 839
(b) describe the Fund's investments in such manner, and
PART III
in such categories or divisions and sub- divisions of
categories, as regulations made for the purposes of
this subsection may require ;
but the making of regulations for the purposes of this section
shall not be taken as preventing the Board from including in their
statement any such particulars as they think should be contained
in it.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State shall lay before each House of
Parliament a copy of the Board's annual report under this
section, together with copies-
(a ) of the Board's statement of the accounts of the Reserve
Pension Fund for the year in question ;
( b) of the auditors' report on the accounts ; and
(c) of any report which has been made to the Board by
the Government Actuary under section 75(6) of this
Act and has not previously been laid before Parliament.
Contributions and premiums payable to the Fund
77. ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where in any Reserve
income tax week earnings are paid to or for the benefit of anscheme
earner in respect of employed earner's employment and-
contributions.
(a) he is of the requisite age for the purposes of section 51
of this Act and that employment is not in relation to
him recognised pensionable employment ; and
( b) the amount paid is equal to or exceeds the current basic
scheme lower earnings limit (or the prescribed equiva-
lent in the case of earners paid otherwise than weekly),
there shall be payable to the Secretary of State or, in Northern
Ireland, to the Northern Ireland Ministry (and, except as pro-
vided by this Act , without regard to any other payment of
earnings to or for the benefit of the earner in respect of any
other employment) a primary and a secondary reserve scheme
contribution.
( 2) The primary contribution shall be payable by the earner,
and the secondary contribution shall be payable by the secondary
reserve scheme contributor ; and-
(a) for the purposes of this section the secondary contri-
butor, in relation to any payment of earnings to or for
the benefit of an earner, is the same as is (or would be),
for the purposes of Chapter I of Part I of this Act, the
secondary Class 1 contributor in relation to that pay-
ment of earnings ; and
(b) section 2(5) of this Act shall apply also in relation to the
secondary reserve scheme contributor.
Part II D4
c .38
840 Social Security Act 1973
PART III ( 3) The amount of a reserve scheme contribution shall be a
percentage of so much of the earnings paid in the week, in
respect of the employment in question, as does not exceed the
current basic scheme upper earnings limit ( or the prescribed
equivalent in the case of earners paid otherwise than weekly) ;
and-
( a) the primary contribution shall be 1.5 per cent.; and
( b) the secondary contribution shall be 2.5 per cent.
( 4) Section 6(1) and (3) of, and Schedule 1 to, this Act shall
apply as if primary and secondary reserve scheme contributions
were respectively primary and secondary Class 1 contributions.
In those provisions as they apply by virtue of this sub-
section-
( a) for " Great Britain " read " the United Kingdom " ; and
( b) in relation to contributions payable in Northern
Ireland-
( i) for the Secretary of State substitute the
Northern Ireland Ministry (except where he is first
referred to in Schedule 1, paragraph 6(2), and in
paragraph 8), and
(ii) for the Treasury substitute the Ministry of
Finance.
( 5) Without prejudice to subsection (4 ) above, regulations
may provide-
( a) for treating secondary reserve scheme contributions
payable (in respect of any earnings paid to or for the
benefit of an earner) but not paid, as actually paid
where the failure to pay is shown not to have been
with the consent or connivance of, or attributable to
any negligence on the part of, the earner ; and
( b) for treating reserve scheme contributions wrongly paid,
or paid as to the wrong amount, as paid ( wholly or in
part) in discharge of a liability for other reserve scheme
contributions or for basic scheme contributions, or for
a reserve scheme premium.
(6) No person shall-
( a ) be liable to pay any reserve scheme contribution unless
he fulfils such conditions as to residence or presence
in the United Kingdom as may be prescribed ;
( b) be entitled (except in such cases or classes of cases as
may be prescribed) to pay any reserve scheme contri-
bution other than one which he is liable to pay.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 841
( 7) Regulations may provide for the adjustment of liability
PART III
for reserve scheme contributions in cases where an earner, at
the time of any payment of earnings to him or for his benefit
which gives rise, or would apart from the regulations give
rise, to liability for such contributions, is employed in two or
more employed earner's employments ( whether or not under the
same employer), one or more of them being, and one or more
of them not being, recognised pensionable employment in
relation to the earner ; and such regulations may provide for
payments of earnings in respect of any or of all the employments
concerned to be disregarded for the purposes of liability for
primary reserve scheme contributions .
( 8) For the purpose of Chapter III of Part IX of the Income 1970 c. 10.
and Corporation Taxes Act 1970, the reserve pension scheme
shall not be a sponsored superannuation scheme.
78.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, where an Reserve
earner's service in recognised pensionable employment ( " the scheme
relevant employment ") is terminated and either he is under the premium on
termination
age of 26 or he has not at least 5 years ' qualifying service of recognised
( within the meaning of section 53( 3) of this Act ) accrued since pensionable
the appointed day, there shall be payable to the Secretary of employment.
State, or in Northern Ireland to the Northern Ireland Ministry,
a reserve scheme premium.
( 2 ) The person liable for the premium shall be-
( a ) in a case where in the relevant employment the earner
has been employed under a contract of service, his
employer in that employment ;
( b ) in a case where the earner has been employed in an
office with emoluments, either-
( i) such person as may be prescribed in relation
to that office, or
(ii ) if no person is prescribed, the government
department, public authority or body of persons
responsible for paying the emoluments of the
office; and
( c ) in any other case, such person as may be prescribed
in relation to the relevant employment.
( 3) The amount of a reserve scheme premium shall-
( a) if there was no previous linked qualifying service, be
an amount equal to the aggregate of all primary and
secondary reserve scheme contributions which would
have been payable, in respect of the earner's period of
service in the relevant employment, if it had not been
recognised pensionable employment in relation to him ;
and
c .38
842 Social Security Act 1973
PART III ( b) if there was a period of previous linked qualifying ser-
vice, or there were two or more such periods, be that
amount plus such amount ( if any ) as would have been
payable by way of reserve scheme premium on the
termination of any such period of service, if it had not
been linked qualifying service (disregarding in either
case any application of regulations made for the
purposes of subsection ( 5) below) .
( 4 ) In the following cases no reserve scheme premium shall
be payable-
( a ) where at the time of termination the earner is no longer
of requisite age for the purposes of section 51 of this
Act ;
( b) where the period of the earner's service in the relevant
employment is terminated by his death ;
( c ) where the period of that service is terminated otherwise
than by the earner's death and-
(i) he becomes entitled under the relevant ocсира-
tional pension scheme to such minimum personal
pension as is mentioned in paragraph (a ) or (b) of
section 53 (4) of this Act with full entitlement also
in respect of any recognition credits allowed him
under the rules of that scheme, or
( ii) that scheme includes such provision as is
required for recognition purposes by section 58 (3) of
this Act and a transfer of the earner's accrued rights
has been, or is to be, made in accordance with that
provision with a view to the allowance of recognition
credits under another scheme.
(5) No premium shall be payable where its amount would be
less than such amount as may be prescribed; and no person shall
be entitled (except in such cases or classes of cases as may be
prescribed) to pay any premium unless either he is liable under
this section to pay it or he would be so liable but for the amount
being less than that which is prescribed for the purposes of this
subsection.
(6) The supplementary provisions contained in Schedule 19
to this Act shall apply with respect to reserve scheme premiums
and matters incidental and ancillary to this section.
( 7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply whether
an earner's period of service in the relevant employment is
terminated by reason of his ceasing to be employed in that
employment or of the employment ceasing to be recognised
pensionable employment ; and-
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 843
( a ) subject to regulations made under paragraph 4 of
Schedule 15 to this Act, where the period is termin-
ated by the death of an employer, this section shall
apply as if the period had been terminated immediately
before the death ; and
( b) for the purposes of this section, if an employment
becomes, or has ceased to be, recognised pensionable
employment in the course of a person's service in it,
his service before and after the time when the recog-
nition certificate in respect of that employment takes
effect or, as the case may be, ceased to be in force shall
be treated as service in different employments.
( 8) Payment of a reserve scheme premium shall become due
at such time as may be prescribed after the end of the period
of service to which it relates.
( 9) In this section " the relevant occupational pension
scheme ", in relation to the relevant employment, means the
occupational pension scheme by reference to which that employ-
ment is or has been recognised pensionable employment in
relation to the earner concerned.
(10) The Secretary of State may by regulations modify this
section and section 79 below in their application to employments
in the case of which earners under different employers qualify,
by virtue of their respective service in those employments, for
the benefits of the same occupational pension scheme ; and
regulations made for the purposes of this subsection may pro-
vide-
( a) for the trustees or managers of the scheme to be liable
for a reserve scheme premium instead of those other-
wise liable under subsection ( 2) above ; and
( b) for the adjustment (whether as a consequence of provi-
sion made under paragraph (a) above, or otherwise) of
rights and liabilities as between earners, employers and
the trustees or managers.
PART III
79.-( 1) Where an earner's service in recognised pensionable Deduction
employment is terminated and- ofpremium
from refund of
( a) he ( or by virtue of a connection with him, any other contributions.
person ) is entitled to a refund of any payments made
by or in respect of him for the purposes of the relevant
scheme towards the provision of benefits under the
scheme ; and
c . 38
844 Social Security Act 1973
PART III ( b) a reserve scheme premium falls to be paid in respect
of him under this Part of this Act,
then, subject to the provisions of this section , the person liable
for the premium shall be entitled on paying it or any part of
it to recover 3/8ths of the payment or part from the person
liable for the refund.
( 2 ) The amount recoverable under this section shall not exceed
the amount of the refund or so much of it as has not been made.
( 3) Where the period taken into account in fixing the amount
of the premium does not coincide with that in respect of which
the refund is to be made, then ( subject to subsection ( 4) below)
the amount recoverable under this section shall be determined by
reference to so much of the payment and of the refund as are
referable to the same period.
( 4) The amount which may be recovered under this section in
respect of any premium shall be increased by such amount as
may be prescribed where the refund-
( a ) is made in respect of more than one period of service,
and one or more of those periods are periods of
previous linked qualifying service ; and
( b) includes any amount paid under a recognised scheme in
relation to that service on or in connection with a trans-
fer of accrued rights to another scheme.
( 5) Where the person liable for the premium is himself liable
for the refund, he shall be entitled to retain out of the refund the
amount which he could recover under this section from another
person liable for the refund.
(6 ) The amount of the refund shall be reduced by any amount
recovered or retained under this section ; and provision shall be
made by regulations for requiring the making of refunds to be
delayed for the purpose of enabling any right of recovery or
retainer conferred by this section to be exercised, and shall have
effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to the
making of the refund.
( 7 ) Where an earner's service in recognised pensionable
employment is terminated and-
( a ) he (or by virtue of a connection with him, any other
person ) is entitled to a refund of any payments made
by or in respect of him under the relevant scheme in
relation to any previous recognised pensionable employ-
ment of his, being payments towards the provision of
benefits under that scheme ; and
(b) a reserve scheme premium falls to be paid in respect
of him and the amount of the premium includes an
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 845
amount for reserve scheme contributions which would
have been payable in respect of him and his earnings
arising from that previous employment ;
then in respect of that premium the person liable for it shall
have the like right of recovery from that refund (so far as the
premium is not recoverable or retainable out of a refund in respect
of a later employment ) as a person has under the foregoing pro-
visions of this section where a reserve scheme premium and a
refund fall to be made on the termination of service in the
employment in respect of which the refund is to be made ; and
subsection (6) above shall apply accordingly.
(8) Notwithstanding any contract to the contrary, a person
shall not be entitled to recover any part of a reserve scheme
premium from the earner in respect of whose service it is payable
or, except in accordance with this section, to recover or retain
any part of such a premium out of any money payable to or for
the benefit of the earner or any other person.
( 9) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in
relation to such a refund as is referred to in subsection ( 1 ) (a)
or (7 ) (a) above which becomes payable after the termination
of an earner's service in recognised pensionable employment
as they apply to such a refund becoming payable on the ter-
mination of an earner's service in such employment ; and
where he (or, by virtue of a connection with him, any other
person) becomes entitled to any payment in lieu of benefit, those
provisions shall apply in relation to the payment as if it were
such a refund as is referred to in subsection ( 1)( a) above.
(10 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 9) above, a payment in
lieu of benefit is any payment falling to be made to or for the
benefit of, or in respect of, a person by virtue of his being or
having been a member of an occupational pension scheme, being
a payment which either-
( a ) is made or to be made otherwise than out of the
resources of the scheme ; or
( b) is made or to be made out of those resources but by way
of distribution on a winding-up ; or
( c ) falls within such other description of payments as may
be prescribed for the purposes of subsection (9).
(11) In this section," the relevant scheme " in relation to any
employment means the recognised scheme by reference to which
that employment is or was recognised pensionable employment
in relation to the earner concerned.
PART III
Reserve scheme pensions
80.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an earner in Reserve
respect of whose earnings any reserve scheme contributions or scheme
premiums have at any time been paid, shall be entitled when personal
he attains pensionable age to a reserve scheme personal pension , pension.
c.38
846 Social Security Act 1973
PART III
Reserve
scheme
widow's
pension .
(2) The weekly rate of such a pension shall be ascertained,
in accordance with Schedule 20 to this Act , by reference to the
factors specified in paragraph 1 of that Schedule ; but the rate
shall be subject to increase, in accordance with section 82 of
this Act, by reference to the normal and interim bonuses
declared from time to time by the Reserve Pension Board.
( 3) Subject to and in accordance with regulations, a person
with entitlement or prospective entitlement to a reserve scheme
pension may, at any time before the pension comes into pay-
ment, elect for payment of the pension to be postponed for any
period (whether determinate or not ), but not beyond the age of
70 in the case of a man, or 65 in the case of a woman ; and
where a person so elects, the rate of pension shall be subject
to adjustment in the prescribed manner, so as to take into
account any period between pensionable age and the time when
the pension comes into payment.
81.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on the death
of a man ( " the deceased contributor ") in respect of whose
earnings there have at any time been paid reserve scheme
contributions or reserve scheme premiums, there shall, if he
was married at the time of his death, be payable to his widow
a reserve scheme widow's pension.
( 2) The basic weekly rate of such a pension-
( a ) if the deceased contributor was at the date of his
death under pensionable age, shall be one half the
rate of the reserve scheme personal pension to which
he would himself have been entitled on attaining that
age ; and
( b) in any other case, shall be one half the rate of the
reserve scheme personal pension to which the deceased
contributor was himself entitled immediately before
hisdeath;
but the rate shall be subject to increase, in accordance with
section 82 of this Act, by reference to the normal and interim
bonuses declared from time to time by the Reserve Pension
Board.
(3) For the purpose of ascertaining, under subsection (2) (a)
above, the rate of pension to which the deceased contributor
would have been entitled-
(a) there shall be taken into account under Schedule 20
to this Act all such contributions and premiums as
became due from or in respect of him up to the date
of his death and have been actually paid (whether
before or after that date) or are treated as actually
paid by regulations under section 77(5) or under
Schedule 1 to this Act as applied by section 77(4) ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 847
( b) no assumption shall be made as to contributions or premiums which might have become payable in respect
of him had he not died ; and
( c) there shall be disregarded any normal or interim
bonus declared by the Reserve Pension Board, under
section 82 of this Act, with an effective date which is
that of, or follows, the date of the contributor's death.
( 4) Regulations shall make provision modifying this section
in relation to cases where the deceased contributor had made an
election for the purposes of section 80(3) of this Act.
PART III
82.-( 1 ) So soon as is practicable after they have received and Declaration
considered a report of the Government Actuary made to them ofbonuses
under section 75(6) of this Act, the Reserve Pension Board shall, by Reserve Pension
if they think it right to do so having regard to the Actuary's Board .
report on the condition of the Reserve Pension Fund, declare
a normal bonus, which shall (subject to subsection (8) below)
be a uniform percentage increase, effective from such date as
may be specified in the declaration as the effective date of the
bonus, of the current rate of all reserve scheme pensions qualify-
ing for normal bonus.
( 2) The pensions qualifying for normal bonus are those
(a) in respect of which entitlement has arisen at the effective
date of the bonus ; or
( b) in respect of which entitlement has not arisen at that
date but whose rate, when entitlement arises, will be
arrived at wholly or partly by reference to reserve
scheme contributions and premiums paid before the
end of the last year before the beginning of the Gov-
ernment Actuary's review.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above, the current
rate of a pension qualifying for normal bonus is its rate
computed-
(a) in case (a) of subsection (2) above, as at the effective
date of the bonus ; and
(b) in case (b) of that subsection, as at the end of the last
year before the beginning of the Government Actuary's
review,
with (in either case) any increase derived from a previous normal
bonus, but disregarding any interim bonus.
(4 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, the Board may,
without any report being made to them by the Government
Actuary, declare an interim bonus, which shall ( subject to
subsection (8) below) be a uniform percentage increase, effective
from such date as may be specified in the declaration as the
effective date of the bonus, of the current rate of all reserve
scheme pensions qualifying for interim bonus.
c .38
848 Social Security Act 1973
PART III ( 5) The pensions qualifying for interim bonus are those-
( a ) in respect of which entitlement has arisen at the effec-
tive date of the bonus ; or
( b) in respect of which entitlement will arise in the period
beginning with the effective date and ending with
whatever may be the effective date of the next normal
bonus.
( 6 ) For the purposes of subsection (4 ) above, the current rate
of a pension qualifying for interim bonus is its rate computed-
( a ) in case (a ) of subsection (5 ) above, as at the effective
date of the interim bonus ; and
( b) in case (b) of that subsection, as at the time when
entitlement arises,
with (in either case ) any increase derived from a previous normal
bonus, but disregarding any interim bonus.
( 7) Where a normal bonus is declared, any resultant pension
increase shall take effect in substitution for, and to the exclusion
of, increases derived from any previous interim bonus.
( 8) When declaring a bonus, the Board may, in so far as
they think it equitable to do so-
(a ) specify for particular categories of pensioners ( present
or future ) a rate of increase greater or less than the
uniform rate ; and
(b) deal differently as between categories of pensions, or as
between different parts of a pension of any category,
either by specifying different increases, or by excluding
any category or part from the application of any
increase, by reference to when the contributions or
premiums going to the rate of a pension were paid,
or to the part of a pension which derives from any
previous bonus.
( 9) Regulations may make such provision as the Secretary of
State thinks expedient-
( a ) with respect to the amounts by which reserve scheme
pensions are to be increased by reference to any bonus
declared by the Board ;
( b) as to the application of any normal or interim bonus to
pensions in respect of which elections have been made
for the purposes of section 80( 3) of this Act ; and
( c ) for enabling any relevant figures to be adjusted so as
to admit of tabulation, and so as to avoid fractional
amounts or otherwise facilitate computation.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 849
(10 ) The Board shall furnish to the Secretary of State PART III
particulars-
( a ) of any determination made by them for the purposes
of subsection (1) above (whether a determination to
declare a normal bonus, or not to declare one), these
particulars being accompanied by a copy of the relevant
report of the Government Actuary, in any case where
the Secretary of State has not previously been furnished
with a copy of that report ; and
( b) of any determination by the Board under subsection ( 4)
above to declare an interim bonus ;
and in either case the Secretary of State shall lay a copy of the
particulars before each House of Parliament, together with (where
relevant ) a copy of the report of the Government Actuarу.
83.-( 1 ) A reserve scheme personal or widow's pension shall Supplementary
be payable for life, subject to regulations providing for it to be provisions
suspended or forfeited in prescribed circumstances, or making scheme
as to reserve
provision as to the time when it is to be treated as terminated pensions.
when a pensioner dies :
Provided that a widow's pension shall not be payable for any
period after the widow's death or remarriage, or for any pre-
scribed period during which she is cohabiting with a man as his
wife.
( 2 ) Regulations may permit a pension to be commuted, when
its weekly rate is less than such rate as may be prescribed, in
exchange for payment of a lump sum provided from the
Reserve Pension Fund; and a commutation effected in accord-
ance with such regulations shall be treated as extinguishing
any further entitlement to a reserve scheme pension in the case
of the person effecting it, including any reserve scheme pension
for his widow on his death.
( 3) Subject to subsection (2) above, every assignment of, or
charge on, a reserve scheme pension, and every agreement to
assign or charge such a pension, shall be void and, on the
bankruptcy of any person actually or prospectively entitled to
such a pension, his entitlement shall not pass to any trustee or
other person acting on behalf of his creditors .
In the application of this subsection to Scotland-
(a) the reference to the assignment of a pension shall be
read as a reference to its assignation, " assign " being
construed accordingly ;
(b) the reference to a person's bankruptcy shall be read as
a reference to the sequestration of his estate or the
appointment on his estate of a judicial factor under
section 14 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 or 1913 с. 20.
section 15 of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1958, 1958 с. 28.
and in its application to Northern Ireland, the reference to a
person's bankruptcy includes the vesting of a person's estate
c .38
850 Social Security Act 1973
PART III
1857 с. 60.
and effects in the official assignee under section 349 of the Irish
Bankrupt and Insolvent Act 1857 .
( 4) Paragraphs 2(6) and (7) and 8( 1), (2)( a) and (3) of Schedule
10 to this Act as they apply to Great Britain shall, for the whole
of the United Kingdom, have effect in relation to reserve scheme
pensions as they have effect in relation to basic scheme benefits,
but in paragraph 2( 6) of the Schedule as applied by this sub-
section the Reserve Pension Board shall be substituted for the
Secretary of State.
Questions
arising under
thebasic
scheme.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Adjudication
84.-( 1) Any of the following questions arising under Part I
of this Act shall be determined by the Secretary of State in
accordance with Part IV of the former principal Act-
(a) any question whether a person is an earner and, if he
is, as to the category of earners in which he is to be
included ;
(b) subject to subsection (2 ) below, any question-
(i) whether the contribution conditions for any
benefit are satisfied, or
(ii) otherwise relating to a person's contributions
or his earnings factor ;
( c ) any question which of two or more persons satisfying
the conditions for an increase of benefit, whether
benefit of the same or a different description, shall be
entitled to the increase where by virtue of some pro-
vision of Part I of this Act not more than one of those
persons is so entitled ;
( d ) any question as to the person to be treated as maintain-
ing a child, or as to the family in which a child is to be
treated as included, in a case where by virtue of the
Schedule to the Family Allowances Act that question
falls to be decided by the Secretary of State in his
discretion ;
(e ) any question arising under paragraph 1 (4) of Schedule
10 to this Act.
(2) Subsection ( 1)(b) above includes any question arising-
(a) under section 5(6) of this Act as to whether by regula-
tions under that subsection a person is excepted from
liability for Class 4 contributions, or his liability is
deferred ; or
(b) under regulations made by virtue of section 5(8), (9) or
(10 ) ;
but not any other question relating to Class 4 contributions, nor
any question to which subsection (5)(b) below applies.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 851
( 3) A decision of the Secretary of State on any such question
as is mentioned in paragraph ( d ) of subsection ( 1) above may
be given so as to have effect with respect to a period before
the date of the decision.
( 4) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, before deter-
mining any question such as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) ( a)
to (c) above, appoint a person to hold an inquiry into the
question, or any matters arising in connection therewith, and to
report on the question, or on those matters, to the Secretary
ofState.
( 5) Any question arising under Part I of this Act-
( a) as to the right to benefit ( but not such a question
as is referred to in paragraph 14 of Schedule 7) ; or
( b) whether a person would by reason of the provisions of,
or of any regulations made under, section 14(2) or (3)
of this Act have been disqualified for receiving unem-
ployment benefit, sickness benefit or invalidity benefit
if he had otherwise had a right thereto,
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of sections
68 to 72 of the former principal Act by an insurance officer,
a local tribunal or a National Insurance Commissioner.
( 6) Part IV of the former principal Act ( determination of
claims and questions), so far as it remains in force, shall be
amended as shown in Part I of Schedule 21 to this Act and,
as so amended and with the repeals effected by this Act and
any other Act of the same session in which this Act is passed,
shall have effect as set out in Part II of that Schedule.
PART IV
85. ( 1 ) The following provisions of this subsection shall Questions
apply in the case of questions arising under Part III of this Act, arising under
other than such a question as is referred to in subsection the reserve
scheme.( 4 ) below or as may be prescribed by regulations under
subsection (5)—
( a) any question so arising as to a person's liability for
reserve scheme contributions or a reserve scheme pre-
mium shall be determined by the Secretary of State ;
( b) any question so arising as to the reserve scheme contri-
butions or premiums paid by or in respect of any
person, so far as relating to his or another person's
entitlement to a reserve scheme pension, shall be
referred by the Reserve Pension Board to, and be
determined by, the Secretary of State ;
( c) any question so arising as to a person's entitlement to a
reserve scheme pension, or as to any other matter
relating to such a pension ( but not such a question as
is referred to in paragraph ( b) above), shall be deter-
mined by the Reserve Pension Board ; and
c. 38
852 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV ( d ) any question so arising as to whether a person's employ-
ment at any time is or was recognised pensionable
employment in relation to him shall be referred by the
Secretary of State to, and be determined by, the
Occupational Pensions Board.
( 2) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit , before
determining any such question as is referred to in subsection
(1) ( a) or (b) above, appoint a person to hold an inquiry into
the question, or any matters arising in connection therewith, and
report on the question, or on those matters, to the Secretary of
State .
( 3) In subsections ( 1) and (2) above, as they apply to Northern
Ireland and questions arising there, the Northern Ireland Minis-
try shall be substituted for the Secretary of State.
( 4) Where any question arises before the Reserve Pension
Board under Part III of this Act-
( a ) as to a person's age ; or
( b ) as to what was the date of a person's death ; or
( c ) as to whether a man was at the time of his death
married to a particular woman ; or
( d ) as to whether a woman previously married has remarried
and, if so, what was the date of her remarriage,
that question shall be referred by the Board to an insurance
officer for determination by him in accordance with Part IV
of the former principal Act or the corresponding Northern
Ireland legislation: and the said Part IV or that legislation, as
the case may be, shall then apply as if it were such a question
as is referred to in section 84(5) of this Act.
(5) Regulations may prescribe questions arising before the
Reserve Pension Board under Part III of this Act ( not being
such questions as are referred to in paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of
subsection (4) above) which may or must in prescribed circum-
stances be referred by the Board to an insurance officer under
Part IV of the former principal Act or the corresponding
Northern Ireland legislation ; and any question so prescribed
shall in accordance with the regulations be so referred, and the
said Part IV or that legislation, as the case may be, shall then
apply as if it were such a question as is referred to in section
84(5) of this Act.
(6) The Reserve Pension Board may, on new facts being
brought to their notice, or if they are satisfied that their decision
was given in ignorance of , or was based on a mistake as to,
some material fact, review any decision given by them on any
such question as is mentioned in subsection (1) ( c) above :
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 853
Provided that such a decision shall not be reviewed while an
PART IV
appeal under section 86 of this Act is pending against the
decision of the Board on a question of law arising in connection
therewith, or before the time for so appealing has expired.
86.-( 1) Any question of law arising in connection with-
( a ) any matter arising under Part II of this Act for deter-
References and appeals from the
mination by the Occupational Pensions Board ;
two Boards.
( b) any matter which under section 85( 1) of this Act falls
to be determined by that Board or the Reserve Pension
Board;
( c ) any matter arising on an application to either Board
for a review of a determination by that Board, or on
a review by either Board entered upon without an
application,
may, if the Board concerned think fit , be referred for decision
to the court.
( 2 ) In this section " the court " means-
(a ) in England and Wales, the High Court ;
(b) in Scotland, the Court of Session ; and
( c ) in Northern Ireland, the Court of Appeal in Northern
Ireland.
( 3) In the event of either Board determining in accordance
with subsection (1) above to refer any question of law to the
court, they shall give notice in writing of their intention to
do so-
( a ) in a case where the question arises on an application
made to the Board, to the applicant ; and
( b ) in any case to such persons as appear to them to be
concerned with the question .
( 4 ) Any person aggrieved-
( a ) by a determination of the Occupational Pensions Board
given on a review under section 67 of this Act, or by
the refusal of that Board to review a determination ;
or
( b) by the determination by the Reserve Pension Board
of any such question as is referred to in section 85
of this Act, or by the refusal of that Board to review
a determination,
where the determination in either case involves a question of law
and that question is not referred by the Board concerned to
the court under subsection (1) above, may on that question
appeal from the determination to the court.
( 5) The Board concerned shall be entitled to appear and be
heard on any reference or appeal under this section.
c .38
854 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
1962 с. 30.
1925 с. 49 .
National
Insurance
Commis-
sioners.
Administrative
provisions.
( 6 ) The provision made by rules of court or by rules made
under section 7 of the Northern Ireland Act 1962 shall include
provision for regulating references and appeals to the court
under this section and for limiting the time in which such
appeals may be brought.
( 7 ) So much of section 63( 1) of the Supreme Court of Judica-
ture (Consolidation) Act 1925 as requires an appeal from any
person to the High Court to be heard and determined by a
divisional court shall not apply to appeals under this section.
( 8) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, the decision
of the court on a reference or appeal under this section shall
be final ; and on any such reference or appeal the court may
order the Board concerned to pay the costs or, in Scotland, the
expenses of any other person, whether or not the decision is in
that other person's favour and whether or not the Board appear
on the reference or appeal.
( 9) In the foregoing provisions of this section, " the Board
concerned " means the Occupational Pensions Board or the
Reserve Pension Board, as the case may be.
87.-( 1 ) For the purposes of section 84 of this Act, Part IV
of the former principal Act and Part III of the Industrial Injuries
Act, Her Majesty may from time to time appoint, from among
persons who are barristers or advocates of not less than 10 years'
standing, a Chief National Insurance Commissioner and such
number of other National Insurance Commissioners as Her
Majesty may think fit.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Chief National Insurance Commis-
sioner (or, in the case of his inability to act, to such other of
the National Insurance Commissioners as the Chief National
Insurance Commissioner may have nominated to act for the
purpose) that any appeal falling to be heard by one of those
Commissioners involves a question of law of special difficulty,
he may direct that the appeal shall be dealt with, not by that
Commissioner alone, but by a tribunal consisting of any three
of those Commissioners, and if the decision of any such tribunal
is not unanimous, the decision of the majority shall be the
decision of the tribunal .
( 3) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in
this Act, the former principal Act or the Industrial Injuries Acts
to, or falling to be construed as a reference to, a Commissioner
appointed under this section shall include a reference to any
tribunal constituted under subsection (2) above.
Administration, enforcement, etc.
88.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act, the Secretary of State
may appoint such inspectors as he may with the consent of the
Minister for the Civil Service determine, and pay to them such
salaries or remuneration as may be so determined ; and the
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 855
provisions of Part I of Schedule 22 to this Act (being provisions
PART IV
which substantially replace those of section 90(2) to (8) of the
former principal Act and enactments amending that section)
shall have effect in relation to the Secretary of State's inspectors ,
and their powers and duties.
(2) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 22 to this Act
( being provisions which substantially replace sections 91, 112
and 113 of the former principal Act and section 12 of the
National Insurance Act 1971) shall have effect with respect to 1971 с. 50.
( a ) the information to be provided under the enactments
relating to registration for the purposes of proving age,
marriage or death ;
( b) the furnishing of addresses in connection with mainten-
ance proceedings between husband and wife and other
family litigation ; and
(c ) the treatment to be accorded under this Act to void-
able and polygamous marriages ,
and, to the extent mentioned in that Part of Schedule 22, apply
also for the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Act and the Family
Allowances Act.
( 3) Part III of Schedule 22 to this Act shall have effect for
the purpose of bringing section 64 of the Industrial Injuries Act
( inspectors, etc.) into conformity with Part I of that Schedule in
respect of penalties for obstruction and other matters .
89.-( 1 ) No obligation as to secrecy imposed by statute or Disclosure of
otherwise on persons employed in relation to Inland Revenue information
shall prevent information obtained in connection with the by Inland
assessment or collection of income tax under Schedule E from
Revenue.
being disclosed to the Secretary of State or the Northern Ireland
Minister, or to an officer of either of them authorised to receive
such information, in connection with the operation of any enact-
ment relating to the calculation or collection of contributions
under this Act, or the payment of benefit thereunder.
( 2) No such obligation as is referred to in subsection ( 1 )
above shall prevent information from being disclosed to any
member of the Occupational Pensions Board, or an officer of
the Board authorised to receive it, in connection with the exercise
by the Board of any of their functions.
( 3) Subsections (1) and ( 2) above extend only to disclosure
by or under the authority of the Inland Revenue ; and informa-
tion which is the subject of disclosure to any person by virtue
of either subsection shall not be further disclosed to any other
person, except where the further disclosure is made-
( a ) to a person to whom disclosure could by virtue of
this section have been made by or under the authority
of the Inland Revenue; or
c .38
856 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
( b) for the purposes of any proceedings (civil or criminal)
in connection with the operation of any enactment
relating to the calculation or collection of contributions
under this Act, or the payment of benefit thereunder ; or
( c) for any purposes of section 84 of this Act or Part IV
of the former principal Act or the corresponding
Northern Ireland legislation ;
or where the further disclosure is made to the trustees or
managers of an occupational pension scheme and relates to a
member of the scheme and is made with his consent.
( 4 ) In this section, references to contributions include refer-
ences to reserve scheme premiums, and references to benefit
include references to reserve scheme pensions.
Exemption
from stamp
duty.
90. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable upon any document
authorised by virtue of Part I of this Act or otherwise required
in order to give effect to that Part or in connection with any
description of business thereunder.
Information
91.-( 1) Every statement given to an employee under section
tobe given to 4(1) of the Contracts of Employment Act 1972 (particulars as
employees.
1972 с. 53 . to terms of employment, etc.) after the appointed day shall
contain a note stating-
( a) whether, for the employment in respect of which the
statement is given, a recognition certificate is in force ;
( b ) if not-
(i) whether the employer has applied, or intends to
apply, to the Occupational Pensions Board for such
a certificate and, if so, when he did so or, as the case
may be, intends to do so ; and
( ii ) that, during any period in which no such
certificate is in force, reserve scheme contributions
will be payable under section 77 of this Act in respect
of the employee's earnings from the employment.
( 2) The Contracts of Employment Act 1972 shall be construed
and amended as follows-
(a ) any reference in section 4(5) of the Act (alternative
method of conveying information to the employee) or
in section 5( 1) or (3) (changes in terms of employment,
etc.) to that which is, or is to be, included, given or
referred to in a statement under section 4( 1) of the Act
shall be construed as including a reference to a note
under subsection ( 1) above ;
( b) any reference to that which is, or is to be, included,
given or referred to in a statement under section 5( 1)
of the Act shall be construed in a corresponding way ;
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 857
( c) any reference in section 8 ( 1 ) to (6) of the Act (employee's
PART IV
right of reference to industrial tribunal ) shall be
similarly construed, but subject to subsection (4) below ;
and
( d ) in section 6 of the Act (exclusion of section 4 require-
ments where information is given to employees in
another way) , after paragraph ( c) there shall be added-
" and
( d ) such a note as is mentioned in section 91 ( 1 ) of
the Social Security Act 1973 has been given to the
employee, or he has reasonable opportunities of read-
ing such a note in the course of his employment, or
such a note is made reasonably accessible to him in
some other way ".
( 3) Without prejudice to sections 4 to 6 of the Contracts of 1972 c. 53.
Employment Act 1972 or subsection ( 1) above, the Secretary
of State may make such regulations as he thinks expedient for
requiring employers to inform their employees, and keep them
informed, in such manner and at such times as may be pre-
scribed-
( a) whether an employment is or is not, or will or will not
be, or has ceased or may cease to be, recognised pen-
sionable employment in relation to any category of
earners ;
( b ) as to the employer's intentions in respect of applying
to the Occupational Pensions Board for a recognition
certificate for any employment, or for the cancellation
or variation of such a certificate ;
( c ) that, during any period in which a recognition certificate
is not in force in respect of an employment, employees
in that employment will be liable for reserve scheme
contributions in respect of their earnings from it ;
and regulations made for the purposes of this section shall
include provision requiring employers to afford to those of their
employees who are concerned, or to organisations representing
them, reasonable opportunities of making representations with
respect to the matters which are to be included in a notice
under the regulations.
( 4) Nothing in section 8 of the Contracts of Employment Act
1972 (reference to tribunal as to particulars of terms of employ-
ment) shall authorise or require a tribunal to determine any
question whether an employment is or has at any time been, or
will at any time be, recognised pensionable employment, or
whether reserve scheme contributions are , were or will be payable
in respect of earnings from any employment.
( 5) The Contracts of Employment Act 1972 and this section
shall be construed as if this section were contained in that Act.
c.38
858 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
Offences, penalties and
proceedings.
1966 с. 6.
92.-(1 ) If any person fails to pay at or within the time
prescribed for the purpose-
(a) any basic scheme or reserve scheme contribution which
he is liable under Part I or, as the case may be, Part
III of this Act to pay (other than a Class 4 contribution
recoverable by the Inland Revenue) ; or
( b ) any reserve scheme premium which he is liable under
Part III of this Act to pay,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more
than £50.
( 2 ) If any person-
( a ) buys, sells or offers for sale, takes or gives in exchange,
or pawns or takes in pawn any contribution card or
any used contribution stamp ; or
(b) affixes any used contribution stamp to any contribution
card ; or
( c ) for the purpose of obtaining any benefit or other pay-
ment under this Act, whether for himself or some other
person , or for any other purpose connected with this
Act-
(i ) knowingly makes any false statement or false
representation ; or
(ii) produces or furnishes, or causes or knowingly
allows to be produced or furnished, any document or
information which he knows to be false in a material
particular,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more
than £ 400, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3
months, or to both.
( 3) Regulations may provide for the recovery on summary con-
viction of penalties for offences under this Act of contravening
or failure to comply with regulations ; but penalties so provided
shall not exceed-
( a) for any one offence, £50 ; or
(b) for an offence of continuing any such contravention or
failure after conviction, £10 for each day on which it
is so continued.
( 4) The provisions of Schedule 23 to this Act ( being provi-
sions which substantially replace those of sections 94 and 95 of
the former principal Act and section 10(1) to ( 4) and ( 6) of the
National Insurance Act 1966) shall have effect with respect to
prosecutions under this Act, the recovery of contributions follow-
ing prosecution to conviction and otherwise with respect to
proceedings under this Act, both civil and criminal ; and so much
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 859
of that Schedule as provides for the construction of references
PART IV
to a contribution card or a used contribution stamp shall apply
also to any such reference in subsection (2) above.
(5) Where in any proceedings-
(a ) for an offence under this Act ; or
(b) involving any question as to the payment of contribu-
tions under Part I or Part III of this Act (other than a
Class 4 contribution recoverable by the Inland
Revenue) or of a reserve scheme premium under Part
III ; or
(c ) for the recovery of any sums due to the Secretary of
State, the National Insurance Fund or the Reserve
Pension Fund,
any such question arises as is mentioned in section 84 ( 1 ) (a) to
(c) or section 85 ( 1 )(a) or (b) of this Act, then, unless an appeal
under section 65 of the former principal Act or section 86 of
this Act is pending, or the time for appealing has not expired,
or a question has been raised with a view to a review of the
Secretary of State's decision, the decision of the Secretary of State
shall be conclusive for the purposes of those proceedings.
(6) If a decision of any such question is necessary for the
determination of proceedings, and the decision of the Secretary
of State has not been obtained or a question has been raised
with a view to a review of the decision obtained, the question
shall be referred to the Secretary of State for determination or
review in accordance (subject to any necessary modifications)
with Part IV of the former principal Act.
( 7) Where any appeal mentioned in subsection (5) above is
pending, or the time for appealing has not expired, or where
any question so mentioned has been referred to the Secretary
of State, the court dealing with the case shall adjourn the pro-
ceedings until such time as a final decision on the question has
been obtained.
( 8) Subsection ( 2) above (without paragraphs (a) and (b)) ,
and paragraphs 1 to 4 and 6 of Schedule 23, shall have effect for
the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Act as if in those pro-
visions references to this Act or to regulations or an inspector
included respectively references to that Act and to regulations
and an inspector under that Act ; and subsection (3) above shall
have effect for the purposes of that Act (subject to any express
provisions of that Act) but shall not apply to a contravention of,
or failure to comply with, regulations under that Act requiring
a person to submit himself to medical treatment.
93.-( 1 ) Subject to and in accordance with Schedule 24 to Priority of
this Act, the debts specified in subsection (2) of this section shall certain debts
be included among those accorded priority under the relevant etc.
in bankruptcy,
enactments specified in that Schedule (being enactments relating
c . 38
860 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV to personal insolvency, companies' winding- up and the remedies
of debenture holders and chargees) ; and in subsection ( 2) below
" the relevant event " has the meaning indicated by that Schedule.
( 2 ) The debts referred to in subsection (1) above are-
( a ) any sum owed on account of Class 1 contributions
( primary or secondary) or Class 2 contributions payable
in either case in the period of 12 months immediately
preceding the date of the relevant event ;
( b) any sum owed on account of an earner's contributions
to an occupational pension scheme, or of primary
reserve scheme contributions, being in either case con-
tributions deducted from earnings paid in the period
of 4 months immediately preceding the date of the
relevant event, or otherwise due in respect of earnings
paid or payable in that period ;
(c) subject to subsection (4 ) below, any sum owed on account
of an employer's contributions to a recognised occupa-
tional pension scheme in respect of recognised pension-
able employment, and payable in the period of 12
months immediately preceding the date of the relevant
event (the reference to an employer being construed in
accordance with regulations made under section 51(5)
of this Act) ;
( d ) any sum owed on account of secondary reserve scheme
contributions payable in the period of 12 months
immediately preceding the date of the relevant event ;
and
( e ) subject to subsection ( 5) below, any sum owed on
account of a reserve scheme premium payable at any
time before, or in consequence of, the occurrence of
the relevant event.
( 3) Any priority accorded by the enactments relating to per-
sonal insolvency which are specified in Schedule 24 to this Act
to debts consisting of income tax assessed and unpaid shall be
accorded, to the same extent and subject to the same limitations,
to debts consisting of Class 4 contributions assessed and unpaid,
so far as owed to the Inland Revenue and not to the Secretary
of State or the Northern Ireland Ministry.
( 4 ) Contributions falling within subsection (2 ) (c) above are
those payable, in respect of earners in recognised pensionable
employment by reference to the recognised scheme in question,
towards the provision for those earners of the minimum benefits
of the scheme; and insofar as contributions cannot from the
terms of the scheme be identified as being so payable, the follow-
ing shall apply-
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 861
( a) the amount of the debt having priority by virtue of that paragraph shall be deemed to be an amount equal
to-
PART IV
(i ) 4 per cent. of the total reckonable earnings
paid, in the period of 12 months referred to in that
paragraph, to or for the benefit of non- contributing
earners ; or
(ii) 2-5 per cent. of the total reckonable earnings
paid in that period to or for the benefit of con-
tributing earners ;
( b) the earnings to be taken into account under paragraph
( a) above as reckonable earnings are those paid to or
for the benefit of earners in recognised pensionable
employment ( by reference to the scheme) in the whole
or any part of that period; and
( c ) for the purposes of the above paragraphs-
(i) “ reckonable earnings " has the same meaning
as in section 54(3) of this Act, and " paid " includes
payable ; and
(ii) earners are to be identified as contributing, or
non- contributing, in relation to any service of theirs
in recognised pensionable employment by reference
to the scheme, according to whether or not in the
period in question they were liable under the terms
of the scheme to contribute (in respect of that service)
towards the provision of the minimum benefits of
the scheme.
( 5) Where any such premium as is mentioned in subsection
( 2)(e) above is payable in respect of a period of service of more
than 12 months (taking into account any previous linked qualify-
ing service), the amount to be paid in priority under the enact-
ments specified in Schedule 24 to this Act shall be limited to the
amount of the premium which would have been payable if the
service had been confined to the last 12 months taken into
account in fixing the actual amount of the payment.
( 6 ) Where-
( a ) by virtue of subsection ( 1) above the whole or part of
a reserve scheme premium is required to be paid in
priority to other debts of the debtor or his estate ;
and
( b) the person liable for the payment would be entitled to
recover the whole or part of any sum paid on account
of it from another person either under section 79 of
this Act or under any provision made by the relevant
scheme for the purposes of that section,
c . 38
862 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV then that other person shall be liable for any part of the premium
for the time being unpaid ; but so that no person shall be liable
by virtue of this subsection for an amount in excess of the sum
which might thereunder be recovered from him if the premium
had been paid in full by the person liable for it, after deducting
from that sum any amount which has been or may be recovered
from him in respect of any part of that payment paid otherwise
than under this subsection .
( 7 ) The payment under subsection (6) above of any amount
in respect of a reserve scheme premium shall have the same
effect upon the rights and liabilities of the person making it
(other than his liabilities under that subsection) as if it had
been a payment of that amount on account of the sum recover-
able from him in respect of the premium as mentioned in sub-
section ( 6) ( b) .
Assimilation
of Industrial
njuries Acts
tobasic
scheme.
The Industrial Injuries Acts
94.-(1 ) Part I of the Industrial Injuries Act (insured persons
and contributions), but not Part I of Schedule 1 to that Act
(insurable employments), shall cease to have effect.
(2) Throughout the Industrial Injuries Acts any reference to
an insured person or to insured persons shall be replaced by a
reference to an employed earner or employed earners as the
case may be, and any reference to insurable employment or
to insurable employments, or to insured person's employment,
shall be replaced by a reference to employed earner's employ-
ment or employed earners' employments, as the case may be ;
and, subject to subsection ( 3) below, in those Acts-
( a) subject to paragraph (b) below, " employed earner
"
shall have the meaning given by section 1 (7) of this
Act;
( b) " employed earner's employment " shall be taken to
mean any employment by virtue of which a person is,
or is treated by regulations under those Acts as being,
an employed earner for the purposes of those Acts ; and
( c) " the Social Security Act " means this Act.
( 3) Every employment specified in Part I of Schedule 1 to
the Industrial Injuries Act shall be employed earner's employ-
ment for the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Acts, and
regulations under those Acts may provide for any employment
prescribed by the regulations-
( a) to be treated for those purposes as included in that Part
of that Schedule during any period in which it is treated
by regulations under this Act as being employed
earner's employment for the purposes of this Act ; or
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 863
( b) not to be treated for the purposes of the Industrial
PART IV
Injuries Acts as such employment, notwithstanding that
it would be so treated apart from the regulations .
( 4) For the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Acts, an
employment shall be an employed earner's employment in
relation to an accident if (and only if ) it is, or is treated by
regulations under those Acts as being, such an employment
when the accident occurs .
( 5 ) Subject to the provisions of Part IV of the Industrial
Injuries Act (extension to diseases etc.) and this section, a
person who is, or is treated for the purposes of those Acts as
being, in employed earner's employment shall be entitled in
accordance with Part IV of that Act to benefit in respect of
any disease prescribed under that Part, and of any injury
so prescribed ( but not an injury caused by accident arising out
of and in the course of his employment), being a disease or
injury due to the nature of that employment and developed
after 4th July 1948 .
(6) The repeal by this Act of section 56(1) of the Industrial
Injuries Act shall not take away any entitlement to benefit
otherwise arising by virtue of that subsection.
( 7 ) Throughout the Industrial Injuries Acts and the Old
Cases Acts and schemes made thereunder, any reference to
the Industrial Injuries Fund shall be replaced by a reference
to the National Insurance Fund.
(8) Regulations made by the Secretary of State under the
Industrial Injuries Acts may modify those Acts, in such manner
as he thinks proper, in their application to persons who are or
have been, or are to be, employed on board any ship, vessel,
hovercraft (within the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968) or 1968 с. 59.
aircraft.
( 9) There shall be included among the regulations to which
section 62(2) of the Industrial Injuries Act ( regulations which,
before being made, are to be referred to the Industrial Injuries
Advisory Council) does not apply-
( a) regulations contained in a statutory instrument which
states that it contains only regulations made for the
purpose of making provision consequential upon the
coming into force of an order under section 39 of this
Act ;
( b) regulations made before the expiration of 6 months
beginning with the date of the passing of any Act
passed after this Act and directed to be construed as
one with the Industrial Injuries Act or this Act, where
the regulations are contained in a statutory instrument
which states that it contains only regulations made
c . 38
864 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
1971 с. 62.
for the purpose of making provision consequential
on the passing of that Act and the Act does not exclude
this paragraph in respect of the regulations ;
( c ) regulations in so far as they consist only of procedural
rules within the meaning of section 10 of the Tribunals
and Inquiries Act 1971 for a tribunal mentioned in
that section ;
( d ) regulations contained in a statutory instrument which
states that it contains only regulations which are
substantially to the same effect as regulations already
made or to be made under this Act or under Part IV of
the former principal Act ; and
( e) regulations made by virtue of paragraph 14( b) of
Schedule 22 to this Act.
(10) The repeal by this Act of sections 46 and 47 of the
former principal Act (supplementary schemes) shall not affect
their continued application, by virtue of section 82( 2 ) of the
Industrial Injuries Act, to a supplementary scheme submitted
under section 82(1) of that Act.
(11) The Industrial Injuries Act and this section shall be
construed as if this section were contained in that Act.
Northern Ireland
Further
provisions as
to Northern
Ireland.
95.-(1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section ,
Parts II and III of this Act, and this Part, extend to Northern
Ireland.
( 2) The following provisions of this Part of this Act, namely-
( a ) sections 84( 1 ) to (5), 88, 92, 94( 1 ) to (8) , ( 10) and ( 11)
and 96;
( b ) Schedule 22, paragraphs 1 to 7, and 13 to 15, and
Schedules 23 and 26 ; and
( c) any provision applying for the interpretation of those
sections and Schedules ,
extend to Northern Ireland with the adaptations set out in Part I
ofSchedule 25 to this Act.
( 3) The following provisions of this Part of this Act do not
extend to Northern Ireland, namely-
( a) sections 84(6), 87, 91, 94(9) and 98 ;
(b) Schedule 21 and paragraphs 8 to 12 of Schedule 22 ;
and
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 865
( c) so much of section 100 and Schedules 27 and 28 as has
PART IV
effect for the amendment and repeal of enactments not
extending to Northern Ireland .
( 4) The provisions of Parts II, III and IV of Schedule 25 to
this Act ( being provisions which correspond to, or replace,
certain of those excluded by subsection (3) above or supplement
those of section 97) extend to Northern Ireland only.
(5) The power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make
laws shall include power to enact legislation corresponding to
any provision of this Act, except sections 40(2) to ( 4) and 43 (2) ;
and this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters in respect of
which that Parliament has power to make laws, be deemed for
the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 1920 c. 67.
to have been passed before the day referred to in that section as
the appointed day.
Subordinate legislation
96.-( 1 ) Any power under this Act to make regulations or Orders and
an order (except a power of the Northern Ireland Ministry, or regulations
a power of the Occupational Pensions Board to make orders ( general
provisions).
under Part II ) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 2) Except in so far as this Act otherwise provides, any
power conferred thereby to make an Order in Council, regula-
tions or an order may be exercised-
( a) either in relation to all cases to which the power
extends, or in relation to those cases subject to specified
exceptions, or in relation to any specified cases or
classes of case ;
(b) so as to make, as respects the cases in relation to which
it is exercised-
(i) the full provision to which the power extends
or any less provision ( whether by way of exception
or otherwise) ,
(ii ) the same provision for all cases in relation to
which the power is exercised, or different provision
for different cases or different classes of case or
different provision as respects the same case or class
of case for different purposes of this Act,
(iii) any such provision either unconditionally or
subject to any specified condition,
and where such a power is expressed to be exercisable for alter-
native purposes it may be exercised in relation to the same case
for any or all of those purposes ; and any power to make Orders
in Council, regulations or an order for the purposes of any one
provision of this Act shall be without prejudice to any power to
make regulations or an order for the purposes of any other
provision.
Part II E
c . 38
866 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV Parliamentary
control of
orders and
regulations.
( 3) Without prejudice to any specific provision in this Act,
any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in Council,
regulations or an order shall include power to make thereby
such incidental or supplementary provision as appears to Her
Majesty, or the authority making the regulations or order, as
the case may be, to be expedient for the purposes of the Order
in Council , regulations or order.
( 4) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in
Council or an order shall include power to vary or revoke any
such Order in Council or order by a subsequent Order in Council
or, as the case may be, order.
(5) Subsections ( 1 ) to (4) above shall apply in relation to
powers under Part IV of the former principal Act, and to regu-
lations made in the exercise of such a power, as they apply in
relation to powers and regulations under this Act.
(6) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State or the
Joint Authority by any provision of this Act (other than para-
graph 4 of Schedule 10) or of Part IV of the former principal
Act to make any regulations or order, where the power is not
expressed to be exercisable with the consent of the Treasury,
shall if the Treasury so direct be exercisable only in conjunction
with them.
( 7) Any power under section 40 to 43, 49 and 50 of this Act to
prescribe, or to make provision by Order in Council for, modifi-
cations of this Act shall be exercisable in relation to any enact-
ment passed after this Act which is directed to be construed as
one with this Act ; but this subsection shall apply only so far as
a contrary intention is not expressed in the Act so passed, and
shall be without prejudice to the generality of any such direction .
97.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, no regula-
tions shall be made wholly or partly by virtue of any of the
following provisions of this Act, namely section 3 (4) , 5 (9) ,
14( 4), 41 or 42, and no order shall be made wholly or partly
by virtue of section 12( 3), unless a draft of the regulations or
order has been laid before Parliament and been approved by
resolution of each House of Parliament.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply in the case of-
(a) regulations under section 41 of this Act, where the
instrument containing the regulations states that the
regulations are made for the purpose of making provi-
sion consequential upon the making of an order under
section 7 or 8 of this Act;
( b) regulations to be made for the purpose only of con-
solidating regulations thereby revoked ;
( c) regulations which, in so far as they are made under
the powers conferred by the provisions mentioned in
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 867
subsection ( 1) above, only replace provisions of previous PART IV
regulations with new provisions to the same effect ;
( d ) regulations or orders made by the Northern Ireland
Ministry.
( 3) All regulations made under this Act or Part IV of the
former principal Act by the Secretary of State or the Joint
Authority, other than regulations to which subsection ( 1) above
applies , and all orders so made by the Secretary of State, except
an order under section 7, 8, 12(3), 39 or 101, shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
( 4 ) In the case of any regulations laid before Parliament at a
time when Parliament is not sitting , the requirements of sec-
tion 48(3) or 68(2) of this Act shall be deemed to be satisfied
as respects either House of Parliament if a copy of the report
and the statement referred to in the relevant subsection are laid
before that House not later than the second day on which the
House sits after the laying of the regulations .
General
98.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to section 46(2) of this Act, there Financial
shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament-
provisions.
(a) any expenses falling on the Secretary of State or other
government department ander this Act, including those
incurred by the Secretary of State in making any loan
to the Reserve Pension Board ;
(b) any increase attributable to this Act in the expenses of
any Minister of the Crown or government department
falling to be paid out of money so provided under any
other enactment.
(2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund-
(a ) any sums deducted by the Secretary of State under
section 74(2) (a) of this Act or receivable by him under
section 74( 4) ( c) ;
( b) any sums received by the Secretary of State by way way
of repayment of any loan made by him to the Reserve
Pension Board or as interest on any such loan ;
( c) any sums recovered by the Secretary of State in pur-
suance of regulations under paragraph 7(b) of Schedule
19 to this Act.
99.-( 1) In this Act except where the context otherwise Interpretation.
requires-
" the basic scheme " means the scheme of social security
contributions and benefits established by Part I of
this Act, and " basic scheme contributions ", " basic
scheme benefits " and similar expressions shall be con-
strued accordingly ;
Part II E2
c .38
868 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
1965 с. 53.
1965 с. 51 .
1965 с. 52.
" benefit year " has the meaning given by section 9(10) of
thisAct;
" confinement " has the meaning given by section 18 ( 1 ) ;
"
contract of service " means any contract of service or
apprenticeship whether written or oral or whether
expressed or implied ;
" current ", in relation to the lower and upper earnings
limits under section 2( 1) of this Act, means for the time
being in force ;
" earnings " includes any remuneration or profit derived
from an employment, and 66
earner " shall be construed
accordingly ;
ود
" employed earner " and " self-employed earner shall be
construed in accordance with section 1 ( 7) and regula-
tions under Part I ;
66 employment " includes any trade, business, profession,
office or vocation and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly except in the expression " employed
earner " ;
" family allowance " means an allowance under the Family
Allowances Act ;
"
the Family Allowances Act " means the Family Allow-
ances Act 1965 ;
66
financial year ", in sections 74(6) and 76( 1) and in
Schedule 18, Part II, means the period from the
beginning of April in one year to the end of March
in the next ;
" the former principal Act " means the National Insurance
Act 1965 ;
" incapable of work " means incapable of work by reason
of some specific disease or bodily or mental disable-
ment, or deemed in accordance with regulations to be
so incapable ;
" income tax week " means one of the successive periods in
an income tax year beginning with the first day of that
year and every 7th day thereafter (the last day of
an income tax year, or, in the case of an income tax
year ending in a leap year, the last two days thereof
being accordingly treated as a separate income tax
week ) ;
" income tax year " means the 12 months beginning with
6th April in any year ;
" the Industrial Injuries Act " means the National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, and " the Industrial
Injuries Acts " means the National Insurance (Indus-
trial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1972 ;
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 869
" the Inland Revenue " means the Commissioners of Inland
PART IV
Revenue ;
" the Joint Authority ود
means the Authority continued in
being by section 49( 4) of this Act ;
"
linked qualifying service " shall be construed in
accordance with section 58 ( 2) ;
“
the Ministry of Finance " means the Ministry of Finance
for Northern Ireland ;
" the Northern Ireland Minister " and " the Northern
Ireland Ministry " mean respectively the Minister and
the Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern
Ireland ;
" occupational pension scheme " has the meaning given
by section 51 (3 ) (a) ;
" the Old Cases Act " means the Industrial Injuries and 1967 c. 34.
Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967, and " the Old Cases
ود
Acts means the Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old
Cases ) Acts 1967 to 1972 ;
"
pensionable age " has the meaning given by section 23( 1) ;
66
prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
66
public service pension scheme " has the meaning given
by section 51 (3) (b) ;
" recognised pensionable employment " and " recognition
certificate " shall be construed in accordance with
section 51 ( 1 ) ;
" recognition credits " has the meaning given by section
58(1) (c) ;
66
the reserve scheme " means the reserve pension scheme
established by Part III of this Act, and references to
66 66
reserve scheme contributions ", reserve scheme
"
premiums " and reserve scheme pensions " shall be
construed accordingly ;
" resources ", in relation to an occupational scheme, shall
be construed in accordance with section 59(1) of this
Act;
" transfer credits " has the meaning given by section
58( 1) (a) ;
" week " means a period of 7 days beginning with midnight
between Saturday and Sunday, except in sections
12( 1 )(d) , 14, 26(1 ) and 35(2), where the expression is
otherwise defined ; and
" year " , in Part I of this Act, means an income tax year,
except where it is otherwise stated, or the context is
one relating to a person's age.
(2 ) Except where the context otherwise requires, references
in this Act to any Part of it include references to the Schedules
of that Part.
Part II E3
c .38
870 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV
1967 с. 90.
(3) Where any provision of this Act refers to regulations
and the authority with power to make them is neither specified
nor to be implied from the context, the reference is to regula-
tions made by the Secretary of State except that, in and for
any purpose of Part I as it applies to Northern Ireland, it is to
regulations made by the Northern Ireland Ministry.
( 4 ) In any provision of this Act (except section 95(5)) contain-
ing a reference to " the appointed day " that expression shall be
taken to have whatever meaning may be given by the order under
section 101 of this Act which brings that provision into force.
(5) Where a provision of this Act which extends to Northern
Ireland contains a reference to a government department and
does not expressly or by implication from the context refer
only to a department of the Government of the United Kingdom,
then in the application of that provision to Northern Ireland
the reference is to be taken to be, or to include (as the context
may require), a department of the Government of Northern
Ireland.
( 6) Where under Part I of this Act a person is to be treated
by reference to any employment of his as an employed earner ,
then he is to be so treated for all purposes of this Act, and
references throughout this Act to employed earner's employment
shall be construed accordingly.
( 7) References in this Act to " the lower earnings limit "
and " the upper earnings limit ", whether or not in a context
contained in Part I, are to the lower and upper limits respectively
referred to in section 2( 1) of this Act ; and references to the
lower or upper earnings limit of an income tax year are to
whatever is (or was) for that year the limit in force under
section 2( 1).
( 8) For the purpose of this Act-
( a ) " child " means a person who would be treated as a
child for the purposes of the Family Allowances Act ;
( b) a person shall be deemed to have attained or not to
have attained school-leaving age if he would be treated
as being, as the case may be, over or under the upper
limit of the compulsory school age for the purposes of
that Act (disregarding any regulations made by virtue
of section 2 of the Family Allowances and National
Insurance Act 1967 (construction of references to
school-leaving age) ) ;
( c) a person shall be deemed to have a family which includes
a child or children if that person (not being a child)
and a child or children (with or without a wife or
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 871
husband of that person ) would be treated for the
purposes of that Act as constituting a family, and
references to a child of a person's family shall be
construed accordingly.
( 9) For the purposes of this Act, two persons shall not be
deemed to have ceased to reside together by reason of any
temporary absence of either or both of them, and in particular
by reason of any such absence at school or while receiving
medical treatment as an in - patient in a hospital or similar
institution or by reason of any absence of either or both of them
in such circumstances as may be prescribed.
(10 ) For the purposes of this Act-
( a) aperson shall be deemed to be over or under a particular
age if he has or, as the case may be, has not attained
that age ; and
(b) a person shall be deemed to be between two particular
ages if he has attained the first-mentioned age but has
not attained the second-mentioned age.
( 11) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall be deemed
to be incapable of self-support if, but only if, he is incapable
of supporting himself by reason of physical or mental infirmity
and is likely to remain so incapable for a prolonged period.
(12) Any reference in Part I of this Act to a woman's late
husband shall, in relation to a woman who has been more than
once married, be taken as referring to her last husband.
(13) Anything which under any provision of this Act is
authorised or required to be done by the Government Actuary
may be done instead by the Deputy Government Actuary, and
references to the Government Actuary shall be construed
accordingly.
( 14 ) For the purposes of this Act, the amount of a person's
earnings for any period, or the amount of his earnings to be
treated as comprised in any payment made to him or for his
benefit, shall be calculated or estimated in such manner and
or such basis as may be prescribed ; and regulations made for
these purposes may prescribe that payments of a particular class
or description made or falling to be made to or by a person
shall, to such extent as may be prescribed, be disregarded or, as
the case may be, be deducted from the amount of that person's
earnings.
( 15) Any reference in this Act to an enactment shall, except in
so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under
any enactment including an enactment contained in this Act ;
Part II E4
PART IV
c . 38
872 Social Security Act 1973
PART IV 1966 с. 20.
Transitional
provisions;
minor and
consequential
amendments ; repeals.
and " enactment ", in this Act, includes an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland and any reference in this Act
to an enactment of that Parliament shall include a reference to
an enactment re - enacting it with or without modification.
( 16) Any reference in this Act, in relation to any enactment
of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, to the corresponding
Northern Ireland legislation is a reference to, or to any provision
of, an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or any order
made under or having the same effect as such an Act, for the time
being in force corresponding to that enactment.
(17) Any reference in section 48, 68, 96, or 97 of this Act to
an Order in Council, or an order or regulations, under this Act
or any Part thereof shall include a reference to an Order in
Council, an order or regulations, made under any provision of
an enactment passed after this Act and directed to be con-
strued as one with this Act or, as the case may be, that Part ;
but this subsection shall apply only so far as a contrary intention
is not expressed in the enactment so passed, and shall be with-
out prejudice to the generality of any such direction .
(18) The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 is cited in this
Act as the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 and may be so cited
in any other Act or instrument.
100.-( 1) The provisions of Schedule 26 to this Act shall
have effect with respect to the transition from the operation of
the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1972 and the corresponding
Northern Ireland legislation, and the other enactments repealed
by this Act, to the operation of this Act.
(2) Subject to any provision made by or under subsection ( 1 )
above-
( a ) the enactments and Orders specified in Schedule 27 to
this Act shall (without prejudice to any other pro-
vision of this Act) have effect subject to the amend-
ments there specified, being minor amendments and
amendments consequential on the provisions of this
Act ;
( b) the enactments and Orders specified in Schedule 28 to
this Act ( which include certain spent provisions and
other provisions which are no longer required or will
cease to be required on the coming into force of the
amendments made by Schedule 27) are hereby
repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
(3) Where this Act amends an enactment of the Parliament
of Northern Ireland, or an Order made under, or having the
same effect as, an enactment of that Parliament, the enactment
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 873
or Order as amended shall be subject to the Interpretation Act PART IV
( Northern Ireland ) 1954 in the same way as an Act of that 1954 с. 33
Parliament is so subject. ( Ν.Ι.).
(4) Section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals) 1889 c. 63 .
shall have the same operation in relation to any repeal by this
Act of an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland (or
of any provision of an Order made under an enactment of that
Parliament) as it has in relation to the repeal of an Act of the
Parliament of the United Kingdom, references in that section
of the Act of 1889 to Acts and enactments being construed
accordingly.
101.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Social Security Act Citation and
1973 .
(2 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as the
Secretary of State may appoint by order ; and-
(a) different days may be so appointed for, or for different
purposes of, any one or more provisions of this Act
(including, in the case of section 100 of this Act, the
amendment or repeal of different enactments specified
in Schedule 27 or 28 to this Act, or of different
provisions of any enactment so specified) ; and
( b) an order under this subsection appointing a day for the
coming into force of any provision ( whether for all
purposes or for particular purposes specified in the
order) shall, if that provision contains a reference to
" the appointed day ", specify the day ( being a day not
earlier than the making of the order nor later than the
coming into force of the provision ) which is to be the
appointed day for any purposes for which the provision
is brought into force.
( 3) An order under subsection (2) above may make such
transitional provision or savings as appear to the Secretary of
State to be necessary or expedient in connection with provisions
of this Act which are thereby brought (wholly or in part) into
force, and may make such adaptations of those provisions or of
any provisions of this Act then in force as appear to the
Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in consequence
of the partly postponed or postponed operation of any provision
of this Act (whether before, on or after the day appointed by
the order ) .
commence-
ment.
( 4) Any statutory instrument containing an order made under
this section shall be laid before Parliament after being made.
c .38
874 Social Security Act 1973
Section 1( 4 ) .
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONTRIBUTIONS OF
CLASSES 1 , 2 AND 3
Class 1 contributions where earner employed in more than one
employment
1.- (1 ) For the purposes of determining whether Class 1 contribu-
tions are payable in respect of earnings paid to an earner in a given
week and, if so, the amount of the contributions-
( a ) except as may be provided by regulations, all earnings paid to
him or for his benefit in that week in respect of one or more
employed earner's employments under the same employer
shall be aggregated and treated as a single payment of
earnings in respect of one such employment ; and
(b) earnings paid to him or for his benefit in that week by
different persons in respect of different employed earner's
employments shall in prescribed circumstances be aggregated
and treated as a single payment of earnings in respect of one
such employment.
( 2 ) Where any single payment of earnings is made in respect of
two or more employed earner's employments under different em-
ployers , liability for Class 1 contributions shall be determined by
apportioning the payment to such one or more of the employers as
may be prescribed, and treating a part apportioned to any employer
as a separate payment of earnings by him.
( 3) Where earnings are aggregated under sub-paragraph ( 1)(b)
above, liability (if any) for the secondary contribution shall be
apportioned, in such manner as may be prescribed, between the
secondary Class 1 contributors concerned.
Earnings not paid at normal intervals
2. Regulations may, for the purposes of Class 1 contributions,
make provision as to the intervals at which payments of earnings are
to be treated as made.
Method of paying Class 1 contributions
3.- (1 ) Where earnings are paid to an employed earner and in
respect of that payment liability arises for primary and secondary
Class 1 contributions, the secondary contributor shall (except in pre-
scribed circumstances) , as well as being liable for his own secondary
contribution, be liable in the first instance to pay also the earner's
primary contribution, on behalf of and to the exclusion of the earner ;
and for the purposes of this Act contributions paid by the secondary
contributor on behalf of the earner shall be deemed to be contributions
paid by the earner.
( 2) Notwithstanding any contract to the contrary, no secondary
Class 1 contributor shall be entitled to make, from earnings paid by
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 875
him, any deduction in respect of his own or any other person's
secondary Class 1 contributions, nor otherwise to recover such con-
tributions from any earner to whom he pays earnings ; and a
secondary Class 1 contributor who deducts or attempts to deduct
the whole or any part of such a contribution from earnings shall be
liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £50.
(3) A secondary Class 1 contributor shall be entitled, subject to and
in accordance with regulations, to recover from an earner the amount
of any primary Class 1 contribution paid or to be paid by him on
behalf of the earner ; and notwithstanding anything in any enactment,
regulations under this sub-paragraph shall provide for recovery to
be made by deduction from the earner's earnings, and for it not to
be made in any other way.
SCH. 1
General provisions as to Class 1 contributions
4. Regulations may, in relation to Class 1 contributions, make
provision-
( a ) for calculating the amounts payable according to a pre-
scribed scale or otherwise adjusting them so as to avoid
fractional amounts or otherwise facilitate computation ;
( b) for requiring that the liability in respect of a payment made
in an income tax week, in so far as the liability depends
on any conditions as to a person's age or retirement, shall
be determined as at the beginning of the week or as at
the end of it ;
( c ) for securing that liability is not avoided or reduced by a
person following in the payment of earnings any practice
which is abnormal for the employment in respect of which
the earnings are paid ; and
( d ) without prejudice to the foregoing sub-paragraph, for
enabling the Secretary of State, where he is satisfied as to
the existence of any practice in respect of the payment of
earnings whereby the incidence of Class 1 contributions
is avoided or reduced by means of irregular or unequal
payments, to give directions for securing that such con-
tributions are payable as if that practice were not followed.
Power to combine collection of contributions with tax
5.- (1) Regulations made with the concurrence of the Inland
Revenue may-
( a ) provide for Class 1 or Class 2 contributions to be paid,
accounted for and recovered in like manner as income tax
deducted from the emoluments of an office or employment
by virtue of regulations under section 204 of the Income and 1970 c. 10.
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ;
(b) apply or extend with or without modification in relation to
such contributions any of the provisions of the Income Tax
Acts or of regulations under that section ;
( c ) make provision for the appropriation of the payments made
by any person between his liabilities in respect of income
tax and contributions.
c .38
876 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 1 ( 2 ) Section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 shall apply in
1970 c. 9. relation to regulations made by virtue of this paragraph as it applies
in relation to regulations made under the said section 204 ; and if a
person fails to pay at or within the time prescribed for the purpose
any sums which he is required by regulations made by virtue of this
paragraph to pay, he shall be liable to be proceeded against and
punished under section 92(1) of this Act without proof of his failure
so to pay any particular contribution.
( 3) The Inland Revenue shall, at such times and in such manner
as the Treasury may direct, account to the Secretary of State for, and
pay to him, the sums estimated by the Inland Revenue, in such
manner as may be so directed, to have been received by them as
contributions in accordance with regulations made by virtue of this
paragraph.
General regulation-making powers
6.- (1) Regulations may provide-
( a ) for requiring persons to maintain, in such form and manner
as may be prescribed, records-
( i) of the earnings paid by them to and in respect of
earners, and
(ii ) of the contributions paid or payable in respect of
earnings so paid,
for the purpose of enabling the incidence of liability for
contributions of any class to be determined, and to retain
the records for so long as may be prescribed ;
( b) for treating primary Class 1 contributions, when payable
on the primary contributor's behalf by the secondary con-
tributor, but not paid, as actually paid where the failure to
pay is shown not to have been with the consent or con-
nivance of, or attributable to any negligence on the part of,
the primary contributor and, in the case of contributions
so treated, for treating them also as paid at a prescribed
time or in respect of a prescribed period ;
( c ) for treating, for the purpose of any entitlement to benefit,
contributions paid at or after any prescribed time as paid
at some other time (whether earlier or later ) or, in the case
of contributions paid after the due date for payment, or at
such later date as may be prescribed, as not having been
paid;
(d ) for enabling contributions to be treated as paid in respect
of a year earlier or later than that in respect of which they
were actually paid ;
( e ) for treating ( for the purposes of Class 2 contributions) a
week which falls partly in one, and partly in another, year
as falling wholly within one or the other of those years ;
( f ) for treating contributions of the wrong class, or at the wrong
rate, or of the wrong amount, as paid on account of con-
tributions properly payable ( notwithstanding section 4( 3) of
this Act, in the case of Class 3 contributions) or as paid
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 877
( wholly or in part ) in discharge of a liability for reserve
SCH. 1
scheme contributions or a reserve scheme premium ;
( g) without prejudice to sub-paragraph ( f ) above, for enabling
the whole or part of any payment of Class 2 contributions
to be treated as a payment of secondary Class 1 contribu-
tions ;
( h) for the return of contributions paid either in error or in such
circumstances that, under any provision of Part I of this
Act or of regulations, they fall to be repaid ;
( j ) for treating a person as being an employed earner, notwith-
standing that his employment is outside Great Britain, where
the employment is in continuation of employment in Great
Britain ;
( k ) for treating a person's employment as continuing during
periods of holiday, unemployment or incapacity for work
and in such other circumstances as may be prescribed ;
( 1 ) for requiring persons to apply to the Secretary of State for
the allocation of a national insurance number ;
( m) for any other matters incidental to the payment, collection
or return of contributions.
( 2 ) Regulations made by the Secretary of State under sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above providing for the payment of Class 2 or Class 3
contributions, at the option of the persons liable to pay, either-
( a) by means of adhesive stamps ; or
( b) by some alternative method, the use of which involves
greater expense in administration to the government depart-
ments concerned than would be incurred if the contributions
were paid by means of such stamps,
may include provision for the payment to the Secretary of State by
any person who adopts any alternative method, and for the recovery
by the Secretary of State, of the prescribed fees in respect of any
difference in the expense in administration.
( 3) Where under regulations made by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 1)
above contributions are payable by means of adhesive stamps, the
Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, arrange for
the preparation and sale of those stamps and may by regulations
provide for applying, with the necessary modifications as respects
those stamps, all or any of the provisions of the Stamp Duties 1891 с. 38.
Management Act 1891, section 9 of the Stamp Act 1891 and section 1891 c. 39.
63 of the Post Office Act 1953 .
1953 с. 36.7. Regulations may provide that, for the purpose of determining
whether a contribution is payable in respect of any person, or for
determining the amount or rate of any contribution, he is to be
treated as having attained at the beginning of a week, or as not
having attained until the end of a week, any age which he attains
during the course of that week.
Power of Secretary of State to deduct contributions
from pension, etc.
8.- (1 ) Where a person is in receipt of a pension or allowance pay-
able by the Secretary of State by virtue of any prescribed enactment
878 Social Security Act 1973
c . 38
SCH. 1
Section 5( 3).
1968 с. 3 .
1970 с. 10.
or instrument, the Secretary of State may with the consent of that
person pay any contributions ( other than Class 1 or Class 4 contri-
butions) payable by him and deduct the amount so paid from the
pension or allowance.
( 2 ) Sub- paragraph (1) above shall have effect notwithstanding any-
thing in any Act, Royal Warrant, Order in Council, order or
scheme.
SCHEDULE 2
LEVY OF CLASS 4 CONTRIBUTIONS BY INLAND REVENUE
Interpretation
1. In this Schedule-
(a ) " the Act of 1968 " means the Capital Allowances Act 1968 ;
( b) " the Act of 1970 means the Income and Corporation"
Taxes Act 1970 ; and
( c) " year " means year of assessment within the meaning of
the Act of 1970 .
Method of computing profits or gains
2. Subject to the following paragraphs, Class 4 contributions
shall be payable in respect of the full amount of all profits or
gains of any relevant trade, profession or vocation chargeable to
income tax under Case I or II of Schedule D, subject to-
( a ) deductions for-
(i ) allowances which under section 70( 2) of the Act
of 1968 fall to be made as a deduction in charging
the profits or gains to income tax, and
(ii) any allowance the amount of which falls to be
given by way of discharge or repayment of income tax
under section 71 of that Act,
where in either case the allowance arises from activities of
any relevant trade, profession or vocation ; and
(b ) additions for any such charges as under section 70(6) of
that Act fall to be made for purposes of income tax on the
profits or gains .
Reliefs
3. (1) For the purposes of computing the amount of profits
or gains in respect of which Class 4 contributions are payable, relief
shall be available under, and in the manner provided by, the
following provisions of the Act of 1970, that is to say-
(a) section 168 (set-off of trade losses against general income) ,
but only where loss arises from activities the profits or gains
of which would be brought into computation for the pur-
poses of Class 4 contributions ;
( b) section 169 ( extension of right of set-off to capital
allowances) ;
( c ) section 171 (carry-forward of loss against subsequent profits) ;
( d ) section 174 (carry- back of terminal losses) .
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 879
( 2 ) The following relief provisions shall not apply, that is to say-
SCH. 2
(a) Chapter II of Part I of the Act of 1970 ( personal reliefs) ;
(b) sections 226 and 227 of that Act ( premiums or other con-
sideration under annuity contracts and trust schemes) ;
( c ) section 75 of the Finance Act 1972 ( relief for payment of 1972 c. 41 .
interest ) ;
(d ) section 173 of the Act of 1970 ( carry-forward as losses of
amounts to be taxed under section 53) ; and
(e) section 175 of that Act ( treatment of interest as a loss for
purposes of carry-forward or carry-back ).
( 3) Where in a year beginning on or after the appointed day for
which a person claims and is allowed relief by virtue of sub-paragraph
( 1) above there falls to be made in computing his total income for
income tax purposes, or that of a person's wife or, as the case may
be, a person's husband, a deduction in respect of any loss, and the
deduction or part of it falls to be so made from income other than
profits or gains of a trade, profession or vocation, the amount of the
deduction made from the other income shall be treated as reducing
the person's profits or gains ( that is to say the profits or gains of
any relevant trade, profession or vocation as computed for the
purpose of the charge to Class 4 contributions) for subsequent years
( being deducted as far as may be from those of the immediately
following year, whether or not he claims or is entitled to claim
relief under this paragraph for that year, and, so far as it cannot be
so deducted, then from those of the next year, and so on).
( 4 ) Relief shall be allowed, in respect of-
(a ) payments under section 52 or 53 of the Act of 1970 (annuities
and other annual payments , etc.) ; or
(b) payments under section 75 of the Finance Act 1972 ( relief
for payment of interest ), being payments for which relief
from income tax is or can be given,
so far as incurred wholly or exclusively for the purposes of any
relevant trade, profession or vocation, by way of deduction from or
set- off against profits or gains chargeable to Class 4 contributions for
the year in which the payments are made ; and, in the case of any
insufficiency of the profits or gains of that year, the payments shall be
carried forward and deducted from, or set off against, the profits or
gains of any subsequent year ( being deducted or set off as far as may
be from or against the profits or gains of the immediately following
year, whether or not relief can be claimed under this paragraph for
that year, and so far as it cannot be so deducted, from or against
those of the next year, and so on) .
Husband and wife
4.- (1 ) Chapter IV of Part I of the Act of 1970 shall apply for
the purposes of Class 4 contributions as it applies for those of
income tax ; and an application by a husband or wife for separate
assessment under section 38 of that Act, and an election by them
under section 23 of the Finance Act 1971 (separate taxation of wife's 1971 с. 68.
earnings) shall operate as respects liability for such contributions as it
does for income tax, the wife being liable for Class 4 contributions in
respect of her own profits or gains .
c. 38
880 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 2
:
1971 с. 68.
1970 с. 9.
( 2 ) Such an application or election as is referred to in sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above shall not be made separately for the purposes
of Class 4 contributions apart from those of income tax.
( 3) Where section 37 of the Act of 1970 applies and there is no
separate assessment under section 38 of that Act and no election
under section 23 of the Finance Act 1971, the wife's profits and
gains are to be computed, for the purposes of Class 4 contributions,
as if section 37 did not apply, but the contributions shall be assessed
on, and recoverable from, the husband.
Partnerships
5.- (1 ) Where a trade or profession is carried on by two or more
persons jointly, the liability of any one of them in respect of Class 4
contributions shall arise in respect of his share of the profits or
gains of that trade or profession ( so far as immediately derived by
him from carrying it on ) ; and for this purpose his share shall be
aggregated with his share of the profits or gains of any other trade,
profession or vocation (so far as immediately derived by him from
carrying it on or exercising it ) .
( 2 ) Where sub-paragraph ( 1) above applies, the Class 4 contribu-
tions for which a person is liable in respect of the profits or gains
ofthe trade or profession carried on jointly (aggregated, where appro-
priate, as mentioned in that sub-paragraph) may either be charged
on him separately or (to the extent only that the liability arises in
respect of the profits or gains of that partnership) be the subject of
a joint assessment to contributions made in the partnership name ;
and Chapter VI of Part VI of the Act of 1970 shall apply accord-
ingly, but substituting this paragraph for section 152.
Trustees, etc.
6. In any circumstances in which apart from this paragraph a
person would-
( a ) under section 72 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 be
assessable and chargeable to Class 4 contributions as trustee,
guardian, tutor, curator, or committee of an incapacitated
person in respect of the profits or gains of a trade,
profession or vocation ; or
( b) by virtue of section 114 of the Act of 1970 be assessed
and charged to such contributions in respect of profits or
gains received or receivable by him in the capacity of
trustee,
such contributions shall not be payable either by him or by any
other person .
Other provisions
7. Section 88(1 ), (4) and (5)(a) and (b) of the Taxes Management
Act 1970 (interest on tax recovered to make good loss due to tax-
payer's fault ) shall apply in relation to any amount due in respect
of Class 4 contributions as it applies in relation to income tax ; but
section 86 of that Act ( interest on amounts overdue) shall not apply.
8. Where an assessment has become final and conclusive for the
purposes of income tax for any year, that assessment shall also be
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 881
final and conclusive for the purposes of computing liability for
SCH. 2
Class 4 contributions ; and no allowance or adjustment of liability,
on the ground of diminution of income or loss, shall be taken into
account in computing profits or gains chargeable to Class 4 con-
tributions unless that allowance or adjustment has previously been
made on an application under the special provisions of the Income
Tax Acts relating thereto, or falls to be allowed under paragraph 3( 4)
of this Schedule.
9. The provisions of Part V of the Taxes Management Act 1970 1970 c. 9 .
( appeals etc.) shall apply with the necessary modifications in relation
to Class 4 contributions as they apply in relation to income tax ;
but nothing in the Income Tax Acts shall apply with respect to the
determination of any question arising-
(a ) under section 5(6) of this Act as to whether by regulations
under that subsection a person is excepted from liability for
Class 4 contributions, or his liability is deferred ; or
( b ) under regulations made by virtue of section 5( 8), ( 9) or (10) of
this Act.
SCHEDULE 3
CONTRIBUTION CONDITIONS FOR BASIC SCHEME BENEFIT
PART I
THE CONDITIONS
Unemployment and sickness benefit
1.- (1) The contribution conditions for unemployment benefit or
sickness benefit are the following.
(2 ) The first condition is that-
( a ) the claimant must in respect of any one year have actually
paid contributions of a relevant class, and those contri-
butions must have been paid before the relevant time ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 25.
(3) The second condition is that-
( a ) the claimant must in respect of the relevant past year have
either paid or been credited with contributions of a relevant
class ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must be
not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied by
50.
( 4 ) For the purposes of these conditions-
( a ) " the relevant time " is the day in respect of which benefit
is claimed ; and
"
( b) " the relevant past year is the last complete year before
the beginning of the relevant benefit year ; and
( c ) " the relevant benefit year " is the benefit year in which there
falls the beginning of the period of interruption of employ-
ment which includes the relevant time.
Sections 9 to
37 , passim.
c. 38
882 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 3 Maternity grant
2.- (1) The contribution conditions for a maternity grant are the
following .
( 2 ) The first condition is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of any one year
have actually paid contributions of a relevant class, and
those contributions must have been paid before the relevant
time ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 25.
( 3 ) The second condition is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of the relevant past
year have either paid or been credited with contributions of a
relevant class ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 25.
( 4) For the purposes of these conditions-
( a ) " the relevant time " is-
( i ) the date of the claimant's confinement where she
herself is the contributor concerned, or that contributor
is her husband and he is on that date alive and under
pensionable age, and
(ii ) in any other case, the date on which the con-
tributor concerned atttained pensionable age or died under
that age ; and
(b ) " the relevant past year "
is the last complete year before
the beginning of the benefit year in which the relevant time
falls.
Maternity allowance
3. (1) The contribution conditions for a maternity allowance are
the following.
( 2 ) The first condition is that-
( a ) the claimant must in respect of any one year have actually paid
contributions of a relevant class, and those contributions
must have been paid before the relevant time ; and
( b) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must be
not less than that year's lower earnings limit mutiplied by 25 .
( 3 ) The second contribution condition is that-
( a ) the claimant must in respect of the relevant past year have
either paid or been credited with contributions of a relevant
class ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 50.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 883
( 4 ) For the purposes of these conditions-
( a ) " the relevant time " is the beginning of the maternity
allowance period ; and
(b) " the relevant past year " is the last complete year before the
beginning of the relevant benefit year ; and
( c ) " the relevant benefit year is the benefit year in which
there falls the beginning of the period of interruption of
employment which includes the relevant time.
SCH. 3
Widow's allowance
4.(1) The contribution condition for a widow's allowance is
that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of any one relevant
year have actually paid contributions of a relevant class ; and
( b) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 25.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this condition, a relevant year is any year
ending before the date on which the contributor concerned attained
pensionable age or died under that age.
Widowed mother's allowance and widow's pension ; Category A
and B retirement pensions
5.(1) The contribution conditions for a widowed mother's
allowance, a widow's pension or a Category A or Category B
retirement pension are the following.
( 2 ) The first condition is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of any one relevant
year have actually paid contributions of a relevant class ; and
( b) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must be
not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by 50.
( 3) The second condition is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of each of not less
than the requisite number of years of his working life have
paid or been credited with contributions of a relevant class ;
and
(b) in the case of the contributions of each of those years, the
earnings factor derived from them must be not less than that
year's lower earnings limit multiplied by 50.
( 4 ) For the purposes of the first condition, a relevant year is any
year ending before that in which the contributor concerned attained
pensionable age or died under that age ; and the following table
c. 38
884 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 3 shows the requisite number of years for the purpose of the second
condition, by reference to a working life of a given duration : -
Duration ofworking life
Requisite number ofyears
10 years or less... ...
The number of years of the working
life , minus 1.
20 years or less ( but more
The number of years of the working
than 10 )
life, minus 2.
30 years or less ( but more The number of years of the working
than 20 ) life, minus 3.
40 years or less (but more The number of years of the working
than30 )
life, minus 4.
More than 40 years...
The number of years of the working
life , minus 5.
( 5 ) The first condition shall be deemed to be satisfied if the
contributor concerned was entitled to an invalidity pension at any
time during-
( a ) the year in which he attained pensionable age or died
under that age, or
(b) the year immediately preceding that year .
Child's special allowance
6.- (1) The contribution condition for a child's special allowance
is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of any one relevant
year have actually paid contributions of a relevant class ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must
be not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied
by50.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this condition, a relevant year is any year
ending before the date on which the contributor concerned attained
pensionable age or died under that age.
Death grant
7.- (1) The contribution condition for a death grant is that-
( a ) the contributor concerned must in respect of any one year
ending before the relevant year have actually paid contribu-
tions of a relevant class ; and
( b ) the earnings factor derived from those contributions must be
not less than that year's lower earnings limit multiplied by
25.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this condition, " the relevant year " is the
year in which occurred the death giving rise to the claim for a death
grant , except that if immediately before the date of the death the
contributor concerned was himself dead or over pensionable age it
is the year in which he attained that age or died under it.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 885
PART II
SATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS IN EARLY YEARS OF CONTRIBUTION
8.- (1 ) Sub-paragraph (3) below shall apply where a claim is
made for any short-term benefit and the last complete year before
the beginning of the benefit year in which the relevant time falls was
either-
( a ) the year in which the contributor concerned first became
liable for primary Class 1 or Class 2 contributions ; or
( b) the year preceding that in which he first became so liable.
( 2) The relevant time for the purposes of this paragraph-
( a ) in relation to any short-term benefit other than widow's
allowance, is the same as it is for the purposes of the
contribution conditions for the benefit ; and
( b ) in relation to widow's allowance, is the date on which the
contributor concerned attained pensionable age or died under
that age.
( 3) For the purposes of satisfaction by the contributor concerned
of the first contribution condition for unemployment benefit, sickness
benefit, a maternity grant or a maternity allowance, or of the contribu-
tion condition for a widow's allowance, all contributions of a relevant
class actually paid by him in any period ending with the relevant time
may be aggregated and treated as paid in the last complete year
before the beginning of the benefit year in which the relevant time
falls (earnings factors from the aggregated contributions being derived
accordingly for that year ) .
9. Where a person claims unemployment benefit, he shall be
deemed to satisfy the first contribution condition for the benefit if
on a previous claim for any short-term benefit (other than a widow's
allowance) he has satisfied the first contribution condition for that
benefit, by virtue of paragraph 8 above, with contributions of a class
relevant to unemployment benefit.
10. Where a person claims sickness benefit, he shall be deemed
to satisfy the first contribution condition for the benefit if on a
previous claim for any short-term benefit ( other than a widow's
allowance) he has satisfied the first contribution condition for that
benefit, by virtue of paragraph 8 above, with contributions of a class
relevant to sickness benefit.
11. Where a woman claims a maternity grant, the contributor con-
cerned for the purposes of the claim shall be deemed to satisfy the
first contribution condition for the grant if on a previous claim
for any short-term benefit (other than a widow's allowance) that con-
tributor has satisfied the first contribution condition for that benefit,
by virtue of paragraph 8 above, with contributions of a class relevant
to maternity grant.
12. Where a woman claims a maternity allowance, she shall be
deemed to satisfy the first contribution condition for the allowance if
on a previous claim by her for any short-term benefit ( other than a
widow's allowance ) she has satisfied the first contribution condition
for that benefit, by virtue of paragraph 8 above, with contributions
of a class relevant to maternity allowance .
SCH. 3
c . 38
886 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 3 Sections 10 to
39, passim.
13. Where a woman claims a widow's allowance, the contributor
concerned for the purposes of the claim shall be deemed to satisfy
the contribution condition for the allowance if on a claim made in
the past for any short-term benefit ( other than a widow's allowance)
he has satisfied the first contribution condition for the benefit, by
virtue of paragraph 8 above, with contributions of a class relevant to
widow's allowance.
SCHEDULE 4
RATES OF BASIC SCHEME BENEFITS, GRANTS AND
INCREASES FOR DEPENDANTS
PART I
WEEKLY RATES OF PERIODICAL BENEFITS
Description of benefit Weekly rate
1. Unemployment or sickness
... ... ...
benefit ( a) higher rate £ 6.75
( b ) lower rate £ 4-75.. ...
( the appropriate rate being determined
in accordance with section 10( 4) of
this Act ) .
2. Invalidity pension £ 6.75
... ...
3. Invalidity allowance... ( a ) higher rate... £ 1-15
( b ) middle rate £ 0.70
( c ) lower rate £ 0.35
( the appropriate rate being determined
in accordance with section 11( 6) of
this Act) .
4. Attendance allowance... ( a ) higher rate £ 5.40...
( b) lower rate £ 3.60
( the appropriate rate being determined
in accordance with section 15( 2) of
this Act).
5. Maternity allowance £ 6.75
...
6. Widow's allowance £ 9.45
...
7. Widowed mother's allow- £6.75
ance
8 Widow's pension £ 6.75
... ...
9. Guardian's allowance £ 3.30
...
10. Category A retirement
pension £6.75 ( plus age addition, where appro-
priate, of £0.25).
11. Category
B retirement ( a ) lower rate ... ... £ 4-15
pension
( b ) higher rate ... ..
£ 6.75
(the appropriate rate being deter-
mined in accordance with section
25(7) of this Act; plus age addition
in either case, where appropriate,
of £0.25) .
12. Category Cor Category D (a) lower rate
£ 2.50... ... ...
retirement pension
( b ) higher rate £ 4.05
( the appropriate rate being deter-
mined in accordance with section
27(2) of this Act; plus age addition
in either case, where appropriate, of
£ 0.25 ).
13. Child's special allowance £ 3.30...
Social Security Act 1973 887
c.38
PART II
AMOUNTS OF GRANTS
SCH . 4
Description of Grant
Amount
£
25.00
1. Maternity grant... ... .. ... ... ...
2. Death grant, where the deceased was at his death-
( a ) under the age of 3
( b ) between the ages of 3 and 6... ... ... ... ...
... ... ...
( c ) between the ages of 6 and 18
... ... ...
9.00
15.00
22.50
( d ) over the age of 18
(i ) if on 5th July 1948 that person had attained
the age of 55 in the case of a man or 50
in the case of a woman... ... ... 15.00
( ii) in any other case... ... 30.00
PART III
WEEKLY RATES OF INCREASES FOR DEPENDANTS
Increase Increase
for Increase for
only , for each Increase
Benefit to which elder or second addi- for
increase applies eldest quali- tional adult
quali- fying quali- depen-
fying child fying dant
child child
( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 )
£ £ £ £
1. Unemployment or sickness benefit 2.10 1.20 1.10 4-15
..
2. Invalidity pension 3.30 2.40 2.30 4-15
3. Maternity allowance ... .. ...
2.10 1.20 1.10 4-15
4. Widow's allowance ... ... ...
3.30 2.40 2.30-
5. Widowed mother's allowance 3.30 2.40 2.30-
6. Category A or B retirement pension 3-30 2.40 2.30 4.15
...
7. Category C retirement pension 3-30 2.40 2-30 2.50
8. Child's special allowance
2.40 2-30
Where any unemployment or sickness benefit is payable at a
weekly rate determined under section 10( 7) of this Act, column (5)
of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect subject to section 34(5)(b)
of this Act ; and where an invalidity pension is payable at a weekly
rate determined under section 11( 4 ) of this Act, column ( 5 ) shall
have effect subject to section 35( 7)(b) of this Act.
c. 38
888 Social Security Act 1973
Section 10 ( 6 ).
1970 с. 10.
1939 с. 82.
1947 с. 19.
SCHEDULE 5
MEANING OF " UNEMPLOYABILITY SUPPLEMENT OR ALLOWANCE "
66 Unemployability supplement or allowance " in section 10(5 ) (b) of
this Act means-
( a ) an unemployability supplement payable under section 13 of
the Industrial Injuries Act, or
(b ) any corresponding allowance payable-
(i ) by virtue of section 7( 3)(a ) of the Old Cases Act, or
(ii ) by way of supplement to retired pay or pension
exempt from income tax under section 365(1) of the
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970, or
(iii) under the Personal Injuries ( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1939, or
(iv ) by way of supplement to retired pay or pension
under the Polish Resettlement Act 1947.
Sections 10 ( 8),
17(4) and 19(3).
SCHEDULE 6
EARNINGS- RELATED SUPPLEMENT AND ADDITION
PART I
COMPUTATION OF WEEKLY RATE
1.- (1 ) The weekly rate of earnings-related supplement of
unemployment benefit, sickness benefit or a maternity allowance shall
be ascertained by reference to the claimant's reckonable weekly earn-
ings for the relevant year ; and the weekly rate of earnings-related
addition to a widow's allowance shall be ascertained by reference to
the reckonable weekly earnings for that year of the widow's late
husband.
(2) " The relevant year " means the year last ending before the
beginning of the current benefit year ; and " the current benefit year
means
( a ) in relation to supplement of unemployment benefit, sickness
benefit or a maternity allowance, the benefit year in which
there falls the first day of the period of interruption of
employment which includes the day in respect of which the
supplement is payable ; and
( b) in relation to addition to a widow's allowance, the benefit
year which includes the date of the husband's death.
2. The claimant's or late husband's reckonable weekly earnings
for the relevant year shall be his earnings factor for that year (derived
from Class 1 contributions actually paid) divided by 50.
3.- (1) The weekly rate of earnings- related supplement of un-
employment benefit, sickness benefit or a maternity allowance shall
be whichever is the less of the following amounts-
( a ) an amount equal to the aggregate of-
( i ) 1 /3rd of so much of the reckonable weekly earnings
as exceeds the relevant year's lower earnings limit and
does not exceed £30, and
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 889
( ii ) 15 per cent. of so much of those earnings as exceeds £30 and does not exceed that year's upper
earnings limit ; or
(b) the amount (if any ) by which the weekly rate of the benefit
in question ( unemployment benefit, sickness benefit or
maternity allowance, as the case may be) , including any
increase of that rate under section 31(1) or 34(1) or (2)
of this Act, falls short of 85 per cent. of those earnings.
( 2 ) The weekly rate of earnings- related addition to a widow's
allowance shall be the amount specified in sub-paragraph (1)(a)
above.
SCH. 6
4. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall be subject to
any regulations under paragraph 7 below.
PART II
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
5. Where, in the case of a person entitled in respect of any day
to earnings-related supplement of sickness benefit or a maternity
allowance, payment by way of such benefit or of such an allowance
does not, but a payment by way of injury benefit under section 11
of the Industrial Injuries Act does, fall to be made to that person
in respect of that day, the earnings- related supplement may be paid
with the injury benefit.
6. Where, in the case of a person entitled to any such earnings-
related supplement in respect of any day, a payment by way of
sickness benefit or a maternity allowance does not, but a payment by
way of injury benefit under section 11 of the Industrial Injuries Act
does, fall to be made to that person in respect of that day, paragraph
3(1) (b) above shall apply in his case with the substitution-
( a ) for the reference to sickness benefit or a maternity allow-
ance of a reference to injury benefit under section 11 of the
Industrial Injuries Act ; and
( b) for the reference to section 31(1) or 34(1) or ( 2 ) of this Act
of a reference to section 17( 1) or 18(1) of that Act.
7. Regulations may provide that the relevant year for the purposes
of Part I of this Schedule shall be such other year than that specified
in paragraph 1(2) as may be prescribed by the regulations.
c .38
890 Social Security Act 1973
Section 15( 7).
1957 с. 20.
1970 с. 51 .
SCHEDULE 7
THE ATTENDANCE ALLOWANCE BOARD ; MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
AS TO ATTENDANCE ALLOWANCE
PART I
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD AND METHOD OF DISCHARGING FUNCTIONS
1.- (1) Subject to the following sub- paragraph, the Board shall
consist of a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State and not
less than 4 nor more than 9 other members so appointed ; and all
except 2 of the members appointed in pursuance of this sub-paragraph
must be, and those 2 or either of them may be, medical practi-
tioners.
( 2) The Secretary of State may appoint such persons as he considers
are specially qualified for the purpose, whether medical practitioners
or not, to be additional members of the Board ; but such a member
shall not be entitled to act as a member of the Board in relation to
any functions conferred on the Board otherwise than under section
15(6 )(a) or (b) of this Act.
2. The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 shall continue
with the Attendance Allowance Board included in Part II of Schedule
1 to the Act ( bodies of which all members are disqualified from
membership of the House of Commons) at the place where it was
inserted in the Schedule by Schedule 2 to the National Insurance
Act 1970.
3. The Board may appoint persons as advisers to the Board on
matters on which in the Board's opinion those persons are specially
qualified.
4. The Board may refer any individual case for investigation and
report to one or more persons specially qualified in the Board's
opinion to investigate that case.
5. The Board may delegate any of their functions in respect of an
individual case to one or more medical practitioners and any functions
so delegated shall be exercised by the practitioners in accordance with
any directions of the Board.
6. In the foregoing paragraphs " medical practitioner " means a
registered medical practitioner, and in paragraph 5 includes a person
outside the United Kingdom who is not a registered medical practi-
tioner but has qualifications corresponding ( in the opinion of the
Secretary of State ) to those of a registered medical practitioner.
PART II
PERSONNEL, ADMINISTRATION AND EXPENSES
7.- (1) The chairman and other members of the Board shall hold
office for such period of not more than 5 nor less than 3 years as the
Secretary of State may determine ; but any member
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 891
(a) shall be eligible for re-appointment from time to time on or
after the expiration of his term of office ; and
(b ) may by notice in writing to the Secretary of State resign
office at any time, while remaining eligible for re-appoint-
ment.
( 2) In this paragraph, " year " means a period of 12 months.
8. The Secretary of State may remove a member of the Board on
the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
9. Nothing in paragraphs 7 and 8 above applies to an addi-
tional member of the Board appointed in pursuance of paragraph
1( 2) ; and each such member shall hold office for such period as the
Secretary of State may determine, but the Secretary of State may at
any time by notice in writing to the member terminate or alter that
period and the member may at any time by notice in writing to the
Secretary of State resign office.
10. The Secretary of State shall make arrangements for securing
that such of his officers and servants as he considers to be required
for the exercise of the Board's functions are available to act as officers
and servants of the Board.
11. The expenses of the Board to such an amount as may be
approved by the Minister for the Civil Service shall be paid by the
Secretary of State.
12. There may be paid as part of the expenses of the Board-
( a) to all or any of the members of the Board, such salaries or
other remuneration and travelling and other allowances ;
( b ) to persons attending their meetings at the request of the
Board, such travelling and other allowances ( including com-
pensation for loss of remunerative time) ; and
(c) to persons appointed advisers to the Board or to whom indi
vidual cases are referred by the Board or the exercise of any
of the Board's functions is delegated, such fees,
as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister for
the Civil Service determine.
13. Subject to any directions given to them by the Secretary of
State, the Board may-
( a ) act notwithstanding any vacancy among their members ; and
(b) regulate their own procedure (including the quorum).
PART III
CLAIMS, REVIEWS AND APPEALS
14. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, any
question whether a person satisfies or has satisfied, or is likely to
satisfy, for any period the conditions set out in paragraph (a) or (b)
of section 15( 1) of this Act shall be determined by the Board.
SCH. 7
c.38
892 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 7
Section 24(3) .
15. The Board may-
(a ) at any time review a determination of theirs under para-
graph 14 above or under this sub-paragraph, if they are
satisfied that there has been a relevant change of circum-
stances since the determination was made, or that the
determination was made in ignorance of a material fact or
was based on a mistake as to a material fact ;
( b) within the prescribed period review such a determination on
any ground ;
( c ) issue a certificate under section 15( 2) of this Act, or revoke
or alter a certificate so issued, if the Board consider it
appropriate to do so in consequence of a review in pur-
suance of this paragraph.
16. Provision shall be made by regulations for enabling appeals to
be brought to a National Insurance Commissioner, with the leave of
such a Commissioner, against a determination by the Board of any
question of law arising on a review under paragraph 15 above or
arising in connection with a refusal by the Board to review a deter-
mination made by them under paragraph 14 or 15.
17. In paragraph 16 above, references to the Board include
references to a delegate appointed in pursuance of paragraph 5 of
this Schedule ; and regulations made in pursuance of paragraph 16
may provide for the application of section 87( 2) of this Act to an
appeal brought in pursuance of the regulations.
18. Provision may be made by regulations with respect to applica-
tions for reviews of determinations under this Part of this Schedule
and with respect to the disposal of such applications ; but nothing
in this paragraph shall be so construed as to prevent such a review
from being undertaken in a case where no application is made.
SCHEDULE 8
METHOD OF TREATING DECEASED HUSBAND'S CONTRIBUTIONS AS
THOSE OF HIS WIDOW, SO AS TO ENTITLE HER TO CATEGORY A
RETIREMENT PENSION
1. There shall be taken into account towards the widow's entitle-
ment any reckonable contribution years of the husband, that is to
say years for which his own earnings factor was sufficient for satis-
faction of paragraph ( b) of the second contribution condition ; and
the widow shall be treated as satisfying that paragraph if the number
of years arrived at either under paragraph 2 or under paragraph
3 below is equal to or exceeds that which is in her case the requisite
number of years for the purposes of the condition.
2. The number of years arrived at under this paragraph is that
which is obtained by-
( a ) taking the number of years between (inclusive) the year
in which the woman attained the age of 16 and ( exclusive)
the year in which the husband died and-
(i ) multiplying it by the number of the husband's
reckonable contribution years, and
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 893
( ii ) dividing it by the number of years of his working
life ;
( b) if the resultant quotient is not a whole number, rounding
it up to the nearest whole number ; and
( c ) adding to the number of years arrived at under sub-
paragraphs (a ) and (b) above any number of years after
that in which the husband died, being years for which
the widow's own earnings factor was sufficient for satis-
faction by her of paragraph (b) of the second contribu-
tion condition.
3. The number of years arrived at under this paragraph is that
which is obtained by-
(a ) taking the number of years between (inclusive) the year
in which the widow married the husband and (exclusive)
the year in which the husband died ; and
(i ) multiplying it by the number of the husband's
reckonable contribution years, and
(ii ) dividing it by the number of the years of his
working life ;
(b) if the resultant quotient is not a whole number, rounding
it up to the nearest whole number ; and
( c ) adding to the number of years arrived at under paragraphs
( a) and (b) above any number of years-
(i ) before that in which she became married to the
husband, and
(ii) after that in which he died,
being years for which her own earnings factor was suffi-
cient for satisfaction by her of paragraph ( b) of the second
contribution condition.
4. In this Schedule, " the second contribution condition " means
the second condition for a Category A retirement pension specified
in paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 to this Act.
SCHEDULE 9
CASES IN WHICH DEATH GRANT IS PAYABLE UNDER S. 30
The cases
1. The deceased was a qualifying contributor.
2. The deceased was at death the husband, wife, widower, widow
or a child of the family of a qualifying contributor.
3. The deceased was a child whose circumstances were the follow-
ing, that is to say either-
( a ) he had been a child of the family of a person who pre-
deceased him (and was so at the death of that person ) and
that person was a qualifying contributor immediately before
his death ; or
(b ) he was the posthumous son or daughter of a man who was
a qualifying contributor.
SCH. 8
Section 30 (1) .
c . 38
894 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 9
Section 38.
4. The deceased was over the age of 19 at death and his circum-
stances were the following that is to say-
(a ) he was at death, and had ever since attaining the age of 19
been, incapacitated for regular employment ; and
( b ) he was at death residing (or would, if not living in an
institution , have been residing) with a near relative being
either-
(i) a qualifying contributor, or
(ii) the wife or widow of a qualifying contributor.
Interpretation
5. For the purposes of paragraph 4 above, the following definitions
shall apply-
(a ) " incapacitated " means incapacitated by reason of illness or
disability of mind or body ;
(b) " institution " means a school, hospital or establishment
accepted by the Secretary of State as providing residential
accommodation for disabled persons ; and
(c ) " near relative " means a person-
(i) of whom the deceased was the son or daughter or
remoter issue ; or
(ii) who was the deceased's son or daughter or remoter
issue ; or
(iii ) who was the deceased's-
step- father, step- mother or step -child, or
brother, sister, half-brother, or
half- sister, step-brother or step-sister ;
( any such relationship as is specified in head (i ), (ii ) or
( iii ) being taken to include the same relationship by
adoption, and to include also any such relationship as
would have subsisted if some person born illegitimate had
been born legitimate).
SCHEDULE 10
ANCILLARY PROVISIONS AS TO BASIC SCHEME BENEFIT (AND ALSO
OTHER BENEFITS)
Claims
1.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 2 ) and (3) below, and to section
23(6) of this Act, it shall be a condition of any person's right to any
benefit that he makes a claim therefor in the prescribed manner,
except that in such cases as may be prescribed the following benefits
may be paid without a claim-
(a ) a Category A or Category B retirement pension to a woman
over the age of 65 on her ceasing to be entitled to widow's
benefit ;
(b ) a Category C or Category D retirement pension ;
( c ) age addition.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 895
( 2 ) Regulations may make provision-
(a ) for permitting, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, a
claim for sickness benefit or invalidity benefit or injury
benefit under the Industrial Injuries Act to be made, or
to be treated as if made, for a period falling partly after
the date of the claim ;
(b ) for permitting an award on any such claim to be made for
a period after the date of the claim of not more than 13
weeks (or such shorter period as the Secretary of State
may in any case direct) subject to the condition that the
claimant continues during that period to satisfy the require-
ments for the benefit in question ;
( c ) for the review of any such award if those requirements
are found not to have been satisfied at some time during
the period of the award ;
( d ) for the disallowance of a person's claim for unemployment
benefit, sickness benefit or invalidity benefit on any grounds
to be treated as a disallowance of any further claim by that
person for that benefit until the grounds of the original
disallowance have ceased to exist.
SCH. 10
(3) Regulations under this Act or the Industrial Injuries Acts may
make provision as to the circumstances in which any benefit ( under
Part I of this Act or under those Acts) which is payable to one person
may be paid to another on his behalf.
( 4) Any claim for benefit under this Act may be treated-
( a ) for the purposes of this paragraph as a claim, in the alterna-
tive, for such other benefit thereunder as may be prescribed ;
or
( b ) for the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Acts as a claim,
in the alternative, for such benefit under those Acts as may
be prescribed ; or
( c ) for the purposes of the Family Allowances Act (in any
prescribed cases) as a claim, in the alternative, for a
payment under that Act ;
and any claim for benefit under the Industrial Injuries Acts, or the
Supplementary Benefit Act 1966, or a payment under the Family 1966 с. 20.
Allowances Act, may be treated for the purposes of this paragraph
as a claim, in the alternative, for such benefit under this Act as may
be prescribed.
( 5) For the purposes of this Act any claim or notice made or sent
by post shall be deemed to have been made or given on the day on
which it was posted.
Disqualification for, or suspension of, benefit
2.- (1 ) Except where regulations otherwise provide, a person
shall be disqualified for receiving any benefit, and an increase of
c .38
896 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 10 benefit shall not be payable in respect of any person as the
beneficiary's wife or husband, for any period during which that
person-
( a ) is absent from Great Britain ; or
( b ) is undergoing imprisonment or detention in legal custody.
( 2 ) Regulations may provide for the suspension of payment to
or in respect of any person during any such period as aforesaid
of benefit which is excepted from the operation of sub- paragraph (1)
above or which is payable otherwise than in respect of that period.
( 3) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a person for the
receipt of any benefit if he fails to make his claim therefor within
the prescribed time ; but any such regulations shall provide for
extending, subject to any prescribed conditions, the time within
which the claim may be made in cases where good cause is shown
for delay.
(4) Notwithstanding any regulations made by virtue of sub-
paragraph (3) above, no sum shall be paid to any person-
( a ) on account of a maternity grant in respect of a confinement
occurring more than 12 months before the date on which
the claim for the grant is made ;
( b ) on account of a death grant in any case where the prescribed
time for making a claim falls to be extended by virtue of
that sub-paragraph by more than 12 months ;
( c ) on account of any other benefit in respect of any period
more than 12 months before the date on which the claim
for the benefit is made.
( 5) Regulations may provide for treating a person for the purposes
of the following provisions of this Act-
( a ) section 10(8) ;
( b) section 13 ; and
( c ) section 17( 4),
as having been entitled to benefit for any day if he would have been
so entitled but for any delay or failure to make or prosecute a
claim ; but a person shall not be so treated where he shows that he
did not intend, by failing to acquire or establish a right to benefit
for that day, to cause a new period of interruption of employment
to begin for the purposes of earnings- related supplement, or to avoid
the necessity for requalifying for benefit.
(6 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 7 ) below, where it appears to the
Secretary of State that a question has arisen whether-
( a ) the conditions for the receipt of benefit payable under an
award are or were fulfilled ; or
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 897
( b ) an award of benefit ought to be revised in accordance with
Part IV of the former principal Act,
he may direct that payment of the benefit shall be suspended in
whole or in part until that question has been determined ; but this
sub-paragraph shall not apply in any case where the question has
arisen as to whether the claimant has ceased to be entitled to receive
unemployment benefit by reason of any of the provisions of section
14(2) (b) to (e) of this Act.
( 7 ) Regulations may provide that sub- paragraph ( 6 ) above shall
cease to apply to any case, or to cases of any specified description,
to which it would otherwise apply, or shall apply to cases of any
specified description to which it would otherwise not apply.
Overlapping benefits, etc.
3. (1) Regulations may provide-
( a ) for adjusting benefit payable to or in respect of any person,
or the conditions for its receipt, where-
(i ) any pension or allowance payable out of public
funds (excluding an allowance under the Family Allow-
ances Act, but including any other benefit under this Act
whether of the same or a different description ) is payable
to or in respect of that person or that person's wife or
husband ; or
(ii ) that person is undergoing medical or other treat-
ment as an in-patient in a hospital or similar institution ;
( b ) for suspending payment of benefit to a person during any
period during which he is undergoing such medical or other
treatment.
( 2 ) Where but for regulations made by virtue of sub- paragraph
(1)(a ) above two persons would both be entitled to an increase of
benefit in respect of a third person, regulations may make provision
as to their priority.
SCH. 10
Set -off of overpayments
4.- (1) Where a person has received on account of benefit or a
family allowance sums to which, by virtue of any provision of, or
regulation under, this Act, the former principal Act or the
Industrial Injuries Act, or by virtue of section 11( 6 ) of the Family
Allowances Act, he was disentitled by reason of his being entitled
by virtue of a subsequent award to other benefit or, as the case may
be, to a guardian's allowance under section 22 of this Act, then,
except in so far as regulations otherwise provide, the decision making
that subsequent award shall direct that those sums shall be treated as
having been paid on account of the benefit thereby awarded.
(2 ) Where on review or appeal a decision awarding a person
benefit is revised, or is reversed or varied, but he retains any sums
paid in pursuance of the original decision which would have been
payable if the decision on the review or appeal had been given in the
first instance, then, except in so far as regulations otherwise provide,
Part II F
c.38
898 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 10 any decision awarding him other benefit or a family allowance, being
abenefit or allowance to which a right to any of those sums would
by virtue of any such provision as aforesaid or of the said section
11( 6 ) have disentitled him, shall direct that that sum, up to the
amount of the other benefit or allowance to which he would by his
right to that sum have been so disentitled, shall be treated as having
been paid on account of the other benefit or allowance.
( 3) Where a sum paid on account of any benefit or of a family
allowance is by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) above, or any other
enactment, to be treated as having been paid on account of other
benefit or such an allowance, it shall be so treated for all purposes ,
including the subsequent operation in relation to it of sub-paragraph
( 1) or (2) above or any other enactment relating to benefit or family
allowance overpaid.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph-
( a ) a person shall be treated as retaining any sum which has
been received by him and not repaid, except that he shall
not be treated as retaining a sum if under any other enact-
ment a direction has been given for it to be repaid ;
( b ) in the case of sums paid by way of benefit under this Act in
respect of a child of the family of a man and his wife living
together or on account of a family allowance for such a
family, the man shall be treated as having received any sum
which, if properly paid, would have been receivable by him,
and the wife any sum which, if properly paid, would have
been receivable by her.
5. Regulations may provide for treating benefit paid to one person
in respect of another as being a child of the family, or the wife or
husband, or an adult dependant, of the payee as having been properly
paid for any period for which it is not in fact payable in cases where
in consequence of a subsequent decision either-
( a ) the other person is himself entitled to benefit for that period ;
or
( b) a third person is entitled to benefit for that period in respect
of the other person in priority to the payee,
and for reducing or withholding accordingly any arrears payable for
that period by virtue of the subsequent decision.
6. In paragraphs 4 and 5 above, the expression " benefit " means
benefit either under Part I of this Act or under the Industrial
Injuries Acts ; and in paragraph 4 (1) or (2) above any reference to a
decision awarding benefit or a family allowance includes a decision
making any benefit or family allowance payable at a higher rate.
Disqualifications etc. to be disregarded for certain purposes
7.- (1) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, regulations may
provide for a person who would be entitled to any benefit but for
the operation of paragraph 2 or 3 above, or of any other provision
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 899
of this Act disqualifying him for receipt of that benefit, to be
treated as if entitled thereto for the purpose of any rights or obliga-
tions under Chapter II of Part I of this Act (whether of himself or
any other person) which depend on his being so entitled, other than
the right to payment of that benefit.
( 2) Regulations under this paragraph shall not provide for a
person disqualified for receiving unemployment benefit by reason
only of a delay or failure to make a claim to be treated as having
been entitled thereto for the purpose of ascertaining whether his right
to that benefit has been exhausted.
Administration of benefit
8.- (1 ) Provision may be made by regulations as to the time and
manner of payment of benefit, and as to the information and evidence
to be furnished by beneficiaries when applying for payment.
( 2) Regulations made under this paragraph as to the time of
payment of benefit may provide-
( a ) notwithstanding anything in this Act, for adjusting the
commencement and termination of benefit, or of changes
in the rate of benefit, so that ( except in the case of
unemployment benefit, sickness benefit, invalidity benefit
and a maternity allowance ) payments shall not be made in
respect of periods of less than a week or at different rates
for different parts of a week ;
(b) for extinguishing the right to payment of any sum by way
of benefit if payment is not obtained within a prescribed
period, not being less than 12 months, from the date on
which the right is to be treated under the regulations as
having arisen.
(3) Regulations may also provide-
(a ) for enabling a person to be appointed to exercise, on behalf
of a claimant or beneficiary who is a child or who may be
or become unable for the time being to act , any right or
power which the claimant or beneficiary may be entitled
to exercise under this Act, and for authorising a person so
appointed to receive and deal with any sum payable by
way of benefit, on behalf of the claimant or beneficiary ;
( b) in connection with the death of any person, for enabling
a claim for benefit to be made or proceeded with in his
name, for authorising payment or distribution of benefit to
or amongst persons claiming as his personal representatives,
legatees, next of kin or creditors (or, in cases of illegitimacy
of deceased persons, to or amongst others ) and for dispens-
ing with strict proof of the title of persons so claiming.
( 4) Regulations under sub-paragraph (3) (b) above may make
provision with respect to claims for, and the payment of, death grant
as if it were a benefit due to the deceased at his death and as if
the reference in that sub- paragraph to creditors included a reference
to any person who gives an undertaking in writing to pay the whole
Part II F2
SCH. 10
c . 38
900 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 10
1913 с. 20.
1958 с. 28.
or part of the deceased's funeral expenses ; and for the purposes of
that sub- paragraph the expression " next of kin " shall be construed
as referring-
( a ) in England and Wales, to persons who would take bene-
ficially on an intestacy ;
( b) in Scotland , to the persons entitled to the moveable estate
of the deceased on intestacy .
( 5 ) Regulations may make provision for calculating the amounts
payable by way of any benefit according to a prescribed scale, or
otherwise adjusting them so as to avoid fractional amounts or
facilitate computation.
Benefit to be inalienable
9.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act , every assignment
of , or charge on, benefit, and every agreement to assign or charge
benefit, shall be void, and, on the bankruptcy of a beneficiary, the
benefit shall not pass to any trustee or other person acting on
behalf of his creditors .
( 2 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland-
( a ) the reference to assignment of benefit shall be read as a
reference to its assignation, " assign " being construed
accordingly ;
( b) the reference to a beneficiary's bankruptcy shall be read as
a reference to the sequestration of his estate or the appoint-
ment on his estate of a judicial factor under section 14
of the Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) Act 1913 or section 15 of the
Solicitors (Scotland ) Act 1958.
Provisions as to maintenance
10.- (1) Regulations may provide for determining the circum-
stances in which a person is, or is not, to be deemed for the purposes
of this Act to be wholly or mainly maintaining, or to be contributing
at any weekly rate to the maintenance of , another person, or to be or
have been contributing at any weekly rate to the cost of providing
for a child.
( 2 ) Regulations under sub- paragraph (1) above may provide, for
the purpose of the provisions relating to an increase of benefit in
respect of a wife or other adult dependant, that where-
( a ) a person is partly maintained by each of two or more
beneficiaries, each of whom would be entitled to such an
increase in respect of that person if he were wholly or
mainly maintaining that person ; and
( b ) the contributions made by those two or more beneficiaries
towards the maintenance of the person amount in the aggre-
gate to sums which would, if they had been contributed
by one of those beneficiaries, be sufficient to satisfy the
requirements of regulations made by virtue of sub-
paragraph (1),
that person shall be deemed for the purpose of those provisions to
be wholly or mainly maintained by such of those beneficiaries as may
beprescribed .
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 901
( 3) Regulations may provide for any sum or sums paidby a person
by way of contribution towards ( either or both ) the maintenance
of his wife or the cost of providing for one or more children, to
be treated for the purposes of section 29(c )(i ), 32(3), 33( 1)(b),
34(1)(a)(ii) , or 35(1)( b) of this Act as such contributions, of such
respective amounts equal in the aggregate to the sum or sums in
question, in respect of such persons, as may be determined in
accordance with the regulations so as to secure as large a payment
as possible by way of benefit in respect of dependants.
SCH. 10
SCHEDULE 11
BENEFITS WHICH MAY BE UP- RATED BY ORDER UNDER S. 39
The basic scheme
1. The figure for maternity grant specified in the second column
ofPart II of Schedule 4 to this Act.
Section 39( 8).
2. The figure for death grant so specified .
3. The figure specified in heads (i ) and (ii ) of paragraph 3(1)(a ) of
Schedule 6 to this Act.
4. Any of the figures specified in section 26(1) or 35( 2) of this Act
The Industrial Injuries Act
5. Any of the following figures specified in the second column of
Schedule 3 to the Industrial Injuries Act -
( a ) the figures specified in paragraph 5 ( maximum increase
under section 14 of the Act of the weekly rate of disable-
ment pension in cases of special hariship) ;
( b ) the figures specified in paragraph 6( a ) and (b) ( maximum
increase under section 15 of the weekly rate of disablement
pension where constant attendance is needed ) ;
( c ) the figure specified in paragraph 6A ( increase of disablement
pension under section 6(1) of the National Insurance Act 1966 c. 6.
1966 );
( d ) the figure specified in paragraph 10 ( widower's pension
under section 20 ).
6. Any of the figures specified in section 18( 3A ) of the Industrial
Injuries Act ( weekly amount of wife's earnings involving reduction
of increase of disablement pension ).
The Old Cases Act
7. The figure specified in section 2(6)(c ) of the Old Cases Act
( limit of allowance in cases of lesser incapacity ) .
8. The figure specified in section 7( 2)( b) of that Act ( weekly rate
of allowance under section 5(1) (a ) of the Act in respect of disable-
ment which is not total).
Part II F3
902 Social Security Act 1973
c . 38
Section 48(1 ),
( 2 ).
SCHEDULE 12
THE NATIONAL INSURANCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE
PART I
CONSTITUTION ETC. OF COMMITTEE
1. The National Insurance Advisory Committee (in this Schedule
referred to as " the Committee ") shall consist of a chairman
appointed by the Secretary of State and not less than 6 nor more
than 10 other members so appointed.
2 .- (1 ) Subject to paragraph 4 below, the chairman and other
members of the Committee shall hold office for such period of not
more than 5 nor less than 3 years as the Secretary of State may
determine ; but any member-
( a ) shall be eligible for reappointment from time to time on or
after the expiration of his term of office ;
( b ) may by notice in writing to the Secretary of State resign
office at any time, while remaining eligible for reappoint-
ment.
( 2 ) In this paragraph, " year " means a period of 12 months.
3. Of the members of the Committee (other than the chairman)
there shall be appointed-
(a ) one after consultation with organisations representative of
employers ;
( b) one after consultation with organisations representative of
workers ;
(c ) one after consultation with friendly societies registered under
the Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1971 or organisations
representative of such societies ; and
( d ) one after consultation with the Northern Ireland Minister ;
and the Committee shall include at least one person with experience
ofwork among, and of the needs of, the chronically sick and disabled
and in selecting any such person regard shall be had to the desira-
bility of having a chronically sick or disabled person.
4. The Secretary of State may remove a member of the Committee
on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
5. The Secretary of State shall appoint a secretary to the Com-
mittee, and may appoint such other officers and such servants to
the Committee, and there shall be paid to them such salaries and
allowances, as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the
Minister for the Civil Service determine.
6. The Committee may appoint persons as their advisers on matters
on which in the Committee's opinion those persons are specially
qualified .
7. The expenses of the Committee to such an amount as may be
approved by the Minister for the Civil Service shall be paid by the
Secretary of State.
Social Security Act 1973 903
c. 38
8. There may be paid as part of the expenses of the Committee-
( a ) to all or any of the members of the Committee, such salaries
or other remuneration and travelling and other allowances ;
( b) to persons attending their meetings at the request of the
Committee, such travelling and other allowances (including
compensation for loss of remunerative time) ; and
( c ) to persons who are not members of the Committee but who
at the invitation of the Committee act as advisers at meetings
of the Committee held to consider matters on which those
persons are specially qualified or otherwise, such fees,
as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister for the
Civil Service determine.
9. The Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy among
their members.
10. The Committee may make rules for regulating their procedure
( including the quorum ).
PART II
REGULATIONS REQUIRING PRIOR SUBMISSION TO THE
COMMITTEE
11. Subject to Part III of this Schedule-
(a ) regulations under Part I of this Act ;
(b) regulations under section 92(3) or 99( 9) or (14 ) of this Act ;
( c ) regulations under paragraph 14 (a ) of Schedule 22 to this
Act;
( d ) regulations under Schedule 26 ; and
( e ) regulations under Part IV of the former principal Act.
PART III
REGULATIONS NOT REQUIRING PRIOR SUBMISSION TO THE
COMMITTEE
12. Regulations made by virtue of any of the following provisions
of this Act, namely-
( a ) paragraph 4 of Schedule 10 ;
(b ) paragraph 5 of that Schedule, if the regulations are made
only in relation to benefit under the Industrial Injuries
Acts.
13. Regulations made for the purpose only of consolidating other
regulations revoked thereby.
14. Regulations made under Chapter II of Part I of this Act, or
Part IV of the former principal Act, which contain only provisions-
(a) with respect to the determination of such a question as is
mentioned in section 84( 1 )(d ) of this Act or section 76(3)
of that Act or section 35( 2) of the Industrial Injuries Act
or section 5( 2) of the Family Allowances Act ; or
( b) having effect by virtue of section 8(1) to ( 3) of the Family
Allowances Act.
15. Regulations contained in a statutory instrument which states
that it contains only provisions in consequence of an order under
section 7, 8 or 39 of this Act.
Part II F4
SCH. 12
c. 38
904 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 12
1971 с. 62.
16. Regulations made before the day appointed for the coming into
force of section 2 of this Act and regulations under Schedule 26 to
this Act made before, or within a period of 12 months beginning
with, that day .
17. Regulations contained in a statutory instrument which states
that the regulations relate only to matters which, in accordance with
this Act ( or an enactment directed to be construed as one therewith),
have been referred to the Attendance Allowance Board.
18. Regulations in so far as they consist only of procedural rules
for a tribunal in respect of which consultation with the Council on
Tribunals is required by section 10( 1) of the Tribunals and Inquiries
Act 1971.
19. Regulations contained in a statutory instrument made within a
period of 6 months from the date of the passing of any Act passed
after this Act and directed to be construed as one with this Act,
where the regulations state that they are made for the purpose only
of making provision consequential on the passing of that Act and
the Act does not exclude this paragraph in respect of the regulations.
Section49( 1). SCHEDULE 13
ADAPTATION OF PART I, AND OTHER PROVISIONS,
FOR NORTHERN IRELAND
Introductory
1. In the provisions of this Act which are extended to Northern
Ireland by section 49(1) (other than that section and this Schedule ),
there shall be made the adaptations provided for by this Schedule.
General adaptation of references
2. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule for any
such reference as is specified in column 1 of the Table set out
below there shall be substituted the reference specified in column 2.
TABLE
Reference
The Attendance Allowance
Board (except in paragraph 2
of Schedule 7 ).
The Consolidated Fund.
Substituted reference
The Attendance Allowance
Board for Northern Ireland.
1966 c. 8 ( N.I.). The Family Allowances Act.
1966 c. 6 ( N.I. ). The former principal Act.
Great Britain ( except in section
41( 1) (d )) .
1966 c. 9 ( N.I.). The Industrial Injuries Act.
The Exchequer of Northern
Ireland .
The Family Allowances Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
The National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
Northern Ireland.
The National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 905
Reference SCH. 13
Substituted reference
The Industrial Injuries Acts . The National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries ) Acts ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1972.
The Industrial Injuries Fund. The Northern Ireland Industrial
Injuries Fund.
The Ministry of Finance.
The Minister for the Civil Ser-
vice.
Money provided by Parliament.
Money hereafter appropriated for
thatpurpose.
National health service.
Health service.
The National Health Service The Health Service Contributions 1965 c. 54.
Contributions Act 1965.
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. 1966 c. 7 ( Ν.Ι. ) .
The National Insurance Act The National Insurance Act 1970 с. 51 .
1970.
( Northern Ireland ) 1970. The National Insurance Fund. The Northern Ireland National
1970 c. 28 (Ν.Ι.) .
Insurance Fund.
The National Insurance (Reserve )
Fund.
The Old Cases Acts.
The Northern Ireland National
Insurance ( Reserve) Fund.
The Workman's Compensation
( Supplementation ) Acts ( North-
ern Ireland ) 1966 to 1972.
The Redundancy Fund.
The Northern Ireland Redun-
dancy Fund.
The Northern Ireland Ministry.
The Secretary of State (except in
section 5( 4) and ( 5 ) and section
99( 3)).
The Supplementary Benefit Act
1966.
The Treasury (except in section
5( 4 ) and ( 5 ), in the second
place where the reference
occurs in section 44( 4 ) and in
the expression " The Treasury
supplement ") .
The Treasury supplement.
The Treasury supplements.
The Supplementary Benefits &c. 1966 c. 20.
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. 1966 c. 28 ( Ν.Ι.).
The Ministry of Finance.
The Northern Ireland Exchequer
supplement.
The Northern Ireland Exchequer
supplements.
Adaptations of particular provisions
3.- (1) In section 1( 3 ) for " sections 7 and 8 " substitute " sub-
section (2) of section 49 ", and for " those sections " substitute
" that subsection ".
" ( 2 ) In section 1( 5 ) after " supplement to contributions " insert
( in this Act referred to as ' the Northern Ireland Exchequer
Supplement ') ".
( 3) In section 1 (6 ) -
( a ) in paragraph (c ) for " section 27 of the Redundancy Payments 1965 c. 62.
Act 1965 substitute " section 37 of the Contracts of"
Employment and Redundancy Payments Act ( Northern 1965 c. 19 ( N.I.).
Ireland ) 1965 " ;
c . 38
906 Social Security Act 1973
1
1
SCH. 13
( b ) for " Treasury supplement under " substitute " the sums
mentioned in ".
4. In section 9( 3) omit " to the extent provided for by section
39 of this Act (annual up-rating review ) ", and for " from year to
year under that section " substitute " under section 49( 2) of this Act ".
5. In section 14(6)—
( a ) in paragraph ( c ) omit " the Employment Service Agency,
a local education authority " ;
(b ) in paragraph (d ) omit " the Employment Service Agency
or a local education authority " ;
1948 с. 46.
1950 c. 29 (Ν.Ι.).
( c ) in paragraph (e ) for " the Employment and Training Act
1948 " substitute " the Employment and Training Act
( Northern Ireland) 1950 " .
6. In section 15(5) for paragraph ( a) substitute-
S.L 1972
No. 1625
( Ν.Ι. 14.).
" (a ) in pursuance of Article 15 or 36 of the Health and
Personal Social Services ( Northern Ireland) Order 1972 ;
ог".
7. In section 18( 2 ) for paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) substitute " by
any court of summary jurisdiction in deciding whether or not it
1924 c. 27 (N.I.) . shall make an order under the Illegitimate Children (Affiliation
Orders) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1924 " .
8. In section 22(5) for " subsections ( 2) to (6 ) " substitute " sub-
sections ( 2) to (4) " .
9. In section 24( 8) for " section 39 of this Act ( annual up-rating
review ) " substitute " section 49( 2) of this Act".
10. In section 33( 2)(b) for " the proviso to paragraph 1(1) "
substitute " paragraph 1 (2) ".
11. In section 41(1) ( d ) for “ outside Great Britain " substitute
" other than Northern Ireland " .
12.- (1) In section 44 ( 3) after " the Comptroller and Auditor
General " insert " for Northern Ireland " and for " Parliament "
substitute " the Parliament of Northern Ireland ".
( 2 ) In section 44( 4 ) for " the National Debt Commissioners and
be invested by them, in accordance with such directions as may
be given by the Treasury, " substitute " the Ministry of Finance
and by that Ministry invested ".
( 3) For section 44(5) substitute-
" (5) The Ministry of Finance shall certify a statement of
the securities in which money forming part of the Northern
Ireland National Insurance Fund is for the time being invested
and that statement so certified shall be included with the
accounts of that Fund laid before the Parliament of Northern
Ireland under subsection (3) . "
13. In section 45-
(a ) In subsection (1) for " the Inland Revenue under section 5( 4)
of this Act and " substitute " the Secretary of State under
section 5(5) of this Act and by the Inland Revenue under " ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 907
( b ) in subsection ( 4 )(a ) for the words following " cost
دو
sub- SCH. 13
stitute " of the health service in Northern Ireland ".
14. In section 99-
( a ) in subsection (1) omit the definitions of " the Family
Allowances Act ", " the former principal Act " , " the Indus-
trial Injuries Act ", " the Industrial Injuries Acts " and
" the Old Cases Acts " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 8) (b) for " the Family Allowances and National 1967 c. 90.
Insurance Act 1967 " substitute " the Family Allowances
and National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968 " .
1968 c. 1 (N.Ι. ).
15. In Schedule 1 omit paragraph 8.
16. In Schedule 7-
( a ) in paragraph 1, for " 4 " substitute " 3 " and for " 9 "
substitute " 7 " ;
(b ) in paragraph 2, at the end insert-
" (2) That Act shall continue with the Attendance
Allowance Board for Northern Ireland included in the
said Part II, as substituted by section 10 of and Schedule
3 to that Act, in relation to membership of the Senate and
House of Commons of Northern Ireland, at the place
where it was inserted in that Part by Schedule 2 to the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970." ; and 1970 c. 28 ( N.I.).
( c ) in paragraph 16, for " section 87( 2) of" substitute " para-
graph 13( 2) of Schedule 25 to ".
17. In Schedule 10-
( a ) in paragraph 4(1) and (2) for " 11(6 ) " substitute " 11( 5) ” ;
( b) in paragraph 8( 4) for heads ( a ) and (b) substitute " to
persons who would take beneficially on an intestacy under
the provisions of Part II of the Administration of Estates 1955 c. 24 ( N.I. ) .
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1955 " ;
( c ) in paragraph 9, for sub-paragraph ( 2) substitute the following
sub-paragraph : -
" ( 2) The reference in sub-paragraph ( 1) to the bank-
ruptcy of a beneficiary shall include a reference to the
vesting of his estate and effects in the official assignee
under section 349 of the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent 1857 c. 60.
Act 1857."
SCHEDULE 14
CONSTITUTION, ETC. , OF JOINT AUTHORITY FOR
GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND
1. The Joint Authority shall be a body corporate by the name
of the National Insurance Joint Authority, and shall have an official
seal which shall be officially and judicially noticed, and the seal
of the Authority may be authenticated by either member of, or
the secretary to, the Authority, or by any person authorised by
the Authority to act on behalf of the secretary.
Section 49( 4).
c. 38
908 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 14
1868 с. 37.
2. Either member of the Joint Authority shall be entitled, subject
to and in accordance with any rules laid down by the Authority,
to appoint a deputy to act for him at meetings of the Authority
at which he is unable to be present.
3. The Documentary Evidence Act 1868 shall apply to the Joint
Authority as if the Authority were included in the first column
of the Schedule to that Act, and as if either member or the
secretary, or any person authorised to act on behalf of the
secretary, of the Authority were mentioned in the second column
of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that Act
included any document issued by the Authority.
Section 52(9) .
1947 с. 41.
1948 с. 24.
1972 с. 11.
1948 с.33.
SCHEDULE 15
GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO RECOGNISED PENSIONABLE EMPLOYMENTS
AND RECOGNISED SCHEMES
Definition
1. In this Schedule, " the Board " means the Occupational Pensions
Board.
Special provision affecting certain public service
pension schemes
2 .- (1) In relation to employments of any class to which this
paragraph applies, the Secretary of State may by regulations direct
that elections with a view to the issue, variation, cancellation or
surrender of recognition certificates shall be made and revoked by
him instead ofby the employer.
( 2 ) Any such regulations may also make provision for other things
which by or under Part II of this Act are required or authorised
to be done by or to an employer to be done instead by or to the
Secretary of State and for treating any employments of the class in
question as employments under a single employer different from the
employer in any other employment.
( 3 ) Before making any regulations under this paragraph the Secre-
tary of State shall consult with such bodies concerned with employ-
ments of the class in question as appear to him fairly to represent
the interests of the employers and earners in those employments.
( 4 ) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) below, the employments
in which an earner's service qualifies him for benefit under any of
the following enactments shall constitute a class to which this para-
graph applies-
section 26 of the Fire Services Act 1947 ;
the Police Pensions Act 1948 ; and
sections 7 to10 of the Superannuation Act 1972.
( 5 ) Where service in any employment would qualify a person as
aforesaid under any of the enactments specified in sub- paragraph ( 4 )
above but for rules having effect under section 2 of the Super-
annuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948 ( which relates to
persons transferring to orfrom certain employments), the employment
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 909
shall be treated as falling within the class to which that enactment
relates, and as not falling within any other class to which this
paragraph applies.
( 6 ) Where a local Act contains a provision for the payment of
benefits in respect of service which, but for the provision, would
qualify a person for such benefits under the enactments specified
in sub -paragraph ( 4 ) above, that provision shall be deemed to be
included among the enactments so specified.
Centralised schemes
3. Regulations may modify sections 52 to 62 of this Act in their
application to employments in the case of which earners under
different employers qualify, by virtue of their respective service in
those employments, for the benefits of the same occupational pension
scheme.
SCH. 15
General regulations
4. In relation to employments which are or at any time have
been recognised pensionable employments, and to the operation of
schemes by reference to which such employments are or have been
recognised, provision may be made by regulations-
( a ) for treating an earner's employment, where it ends before a
person succeeds to his employer's business, as having been
employment under the employer's successor ;
( b) for disregarding changes in an earner's employment due to
the death of an employer or other cause, or any cesser of
recognised pensionable employment so due, or for treating
employment under one employer as a variation of that
under another and treating any recognition certificate issued
to, or election made by, the former employer as issued to
or made by the latter ;
( c ) for disregarding temporary interruptions in an earner's
employment or recognised pensionable employment, and for
treating the employment in either case as continuing during
the interruption ; and
( d ) generally as to the circumstances in which an earner's
employment is or is not to be treated as having begun, or as
having come to an end ;
and references in this paragraph to an earner's employment beginning
or ending shall include references to his employment becoming, or
ceasing to be, recognised pensionable employment.
5. Regulations may enable the Board to determine, in prescribed
circumstances, that an earner, or any group of earners falling within
aparticular category or description of recognised pensionable employ-
ments, has been in such employment from a date earlier than would
otherwise be the case ( not being , in the case of an earner within
the scope of the determination, a date earlier than that on which
his relevant employment began or a recognition certificate was issued
in respect of it , whichever is the later ) .
c . 38
910 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 15 6. Regulations may make provision for any incidental matters
connected with the provisions of Part II of this Act in relation to
any employment which is, has been, or may become recognised
pensionable employment and in relation to the certification of such
an employment under section 52 of this Act, or otherwise connected
with the provisions of this Schedule ; and without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing, regulations may relate-
( a ) to the determination by the Board of any such questions as
are referred to in section 52(7) of this Act,
( b ) to the information which may in connection with any matters
referred to in sections 51 to 62 or in this Schedule be
required to be given by any person.
7. Without prejudice to paragraph 6 above, regulations may
enable the Board to cancel or vary a recognition certificate where
they have reason to suppose that any employment to which it
relates ought not to be treated as recognised pensionable employ-
ment in accordance with the certificate and the employer does not
show that it ought to be so treated.
8. Regulations may-
( a ) regulate the manner in which employers are to make or
revoke an election with a view to the issue, variation,
cancellation or surrender of a recognition certificate , and
require them to give notice for the purpose of informing
earners and others of their intention to do so ;
( b ) require employers of earners ( whether or not for the time
being in recognised pensionable employment) to notify
earners and others, in the prescribed manner, of the manner
in which the minimum benefits of any occupational pension
scheme fall to be calculated under the scheme and any
regulations applicable thereto ;
( c ) empower the Board to defer the issue or variation of a
recognition certificate so as to enable the relevant election to
be further considered in the light of any representation made
by persons to whom notice of the election is required by
regulations to be given, or by organisations representing
any such persons ;
( d ) contain provisions relating to employments which have
ceased to be ( as well as to those which are) recognised
pensionable employments in relation to any person.
Adjustment of computation
9. Regulations may, in relation to any method adopted in an
occupational pension scheme for making ascertainable its minimum
benefits, provide for adjusting figures so as to avoid fractional
amounts and otherwise to facilitate computation.
Modification of recognition provisions in certain cases
10.- (1) Regulations may modify the provisions of sections 52 to
57 of this Act in their application to cases in which a person is
employed at the same time in two or more employments ( whether
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 911
or not under the same employer ), being employments of which at least one, but not both or all, is recognised pensionable employment ,
with a view to enabling the employments to be treated either
separately or together for the purposes of Part II of this Act.
( 2) Regulations may modify the provisions of sections 53 to 58 of
this Act in their application to cases in which-
( a) any description of benefit under a scheme is subject to a
limit ( however imposed) operating so as to prevent service
beyond a particular length from qualifying for further
benefits ;
(b ) earners qualify for the benefits of a scheme by reference
not only to service in recognised pensionable employment
but also to service in the same or another employment
( whether or not recognised pensionable employment) before
the scheme was recognised in relation to them or their
employment ;
and regulations under this paragraph may include provision for
securing that, in such cases, an earner's employment does not cease
to be recognised pensionable employment only because his service
for the time being does not qualify him for minimum benefits .
Scheme rules not to be altered without Board's consent
11 .- ( 1 ) Where in respect of any employment a recognition certi-
ficate has been issued, no alteration of the rules of the relevant
recognised scheme shall be made so as to affect any of the matters
dealt with in sections 51 to 62 of this Act without the Board's
consent ; and any such alteration made without that consent shall
be void :
Provided that a consent given by the Board for the purpose of
this paragraph shall, if and to the extent that the Board so direct,
operate so as to validate with retrospective effect any operation of the
rules which would otherwise be void under this paragraph.
( 2 ) This paragraph shall continue in force in relation to a scheme
after it has ceased to be recognised so long as any person qualifies
( immediately or prospectively ) for any of the minimum benefits of the
scheme within the meaning of section 62 of this Act.
Introductory and transitional provisions
12. Regulations may ( without prejudice to any power exercisable
by virtue of section 100(1) of this Act ) make such provision as the
Secretary of State thinks expedient for facilitating the bringing into
force of so much of Part II of this Act as relates to recognised
pensionable employment, including-
( a ) provisions for effecting orderly transition between Part III
of the former principal Act and Part II of this Act, and
other transitional provisions ; and
(b ) provisions enabling the Board to issue recognition certifi-
cates on the basis of such undertakings and information as
may be prescribed by the regulations .
SCH. 15
c.38
912 Social Security Act 1973
Section 63(1). SCHEDULE 16
REQUIREMENTS AS TO PRESERVATION OF BENEFIT UNDER
OCCUPATIONAL PENSION SCHEMES
PART I
Interpretation
1. The following 4 paragraphs have effect for the interpretation of
this Schedule.
2. " Scheme " means an occupational pension scheme ; and in
relation to a scheme-
( a ) " relevant employment " means any employment to which
the scheme applies ;
( b) " long service benefit " means the benefits which will be
payable under the scheme, in accordance with legal obliga-
tion , to or in respect of a member of the scheme on the
assumption that he remains in relevant employment until he
attains normal pension age ;
and in paragraph (b ) above " benefits " means retirement benefit for
the member himself at normal pension age or benefit for his wife or
widow, or dependants, or others, on his attaining that age or his
death thereafter, or both such descriptions of benefit.
3.- (1) " Pensionable service ", in relation to a scheme and a
member of it, means service in relevant employment which qualifies
the member ( on the assumption that it continues for the appropriate
period ) for long service benefit under the scheme, including service
before the appointed day.
( 2 ) There shall be taken into account as pensionable service only
actual service ; that is to say-
( a ) service notionally attributable for any purposes of the scheme
is not to be regarded as pensionable service ; and
( b ) no account is to be taken of scheme rules by which a period
of service can be treated for any purpose as being longer or
shorter than it actually is .
4 .- (1) In relation to a scheme and a member's pensionable
service under it , " normal pension age " is to be construed as follows .
( 2 ) Where the scheme provides for the member only minimum
benefits for recognition purposes, " normal pension age " means
the earliest age at which the member is entitled to receive his mini-
mum personal pension on retirement from relevant employment.
( 3) In any other case, " normal pension age "
means the earliest
age at which the member is entitled to receive benefits ( other than
minimum benefits) on his retirement from such employment.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph there is to be disregarded
any scheme rule making special provision as to early retirement on
grounds of ill-health or otherwise.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 913
5.- (1 ) " Supplementary credits ", in relation to a scheme and a
member's entitlement to its benefits, means any increase of benefit
or additional benefit to which the member may become entitled-
( a ) in consequence of any provision made by or under the
scheme after he becomes a member of it ( to the extent
that it applies to any previous pensionable service of his) ;
or
(b ) by reference to previous service of his ( whether or not pen-
sionable service ) ; or
( c ) insuch other circumstances as may be prescribed,
including under paragraph ( b) above any transfer credits.
(2) " Purchased credits " means supplementary credits for which,
under the rules of the scheme, a member may or must make payment
in whole or in part ( whether by means of additional contributions,
or of deduction from benefit, or otherwise, and whether separately
for each credit or by one or more payments for one or more credits).
( 3) " Bonus credits " means supplementary credits other than
purchased credits or transfer credits .
Basic principle as to short service benefit
6.- (1) A scheme must provide so that where a member's service
in relevant employment is terminated before normal pension age
and-
( a ) he has attained the age of 26 ; and
(b) he has at least 5 years' qualifying service,
he is entitled to benefit ( calculated in accordance with the following
provisions of this Schedule and there referred to as " short service
benefit "), consisting of or comprising benefit of any description which
would have been payable under the scheme as long service benefit,
whether for himself or for others.
( 2) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, short service benefit
must be made payable as from normal pension age or, if in the
member's case that age is earlier than 60, then from the age of 60.
( 3) Short service benefit payable on or in respect of the member's
death after normal pension age must be made payable as from his
death or within such time thereafter as long service benefit payable
on or in respect of his death would be payable.
( 4 ) In applying sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) above, no regard is
to be had to the operation of any scheme rule, taking effect at any
time after termination of the member's pensionable service, as to
what is normal pension age under the scheme.
( 5) A scheme must not provide for payment of short service benefit
in the form of a lump sum at any time before normal pension age,
except in such circumstances as may be prescribed.
Qualifying service
7.- (1 ) " 5 years' qualifying service " means 5 years (whether a
single period of that duration or two or more periods, continuous or
SCH. 16
c.38
914 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 16 discontinuous, totalling 5 years) in which the member was at all times
employed either-
( a ) in pensionable service under the scheme ; or
( b) in service in recognised pensionable employment by reference
to the scheme ; or
( c ) in linked qualifying service under another scheme,
no regard being had to whether or not it was the same description of
service in the whole of the 5 years.
( 2 ) A period of service previously terminated is not to count
towards the 5 years' qualifying service unless it counts towards
qualification for long service benefit, and need then count only to the
same extent and in the same way.
No discrimination between short service and long service beneficiaries
8.- (1) A scheme must not contain any rule which results, or can
result, in a member being treated less favourably for any purpose
relating to short service benefit than he is, or is entitled to be, treated
for the corresponding purpose relating to long service benefit.
(2 ) The above does not apply to any rule in its application to
members whose pensionable service terminated before the rule came
into force, except a rule made after the termination of a member's
pensionable service and resulting, or capable of resulting, for him in
any treatment less favourable than that to which he would have been
entitled but for the rule ; nor does it apply to a rule merely conferring
a discretion on the scheme's trustees or managers, or others, so long
as it is not a rule requiring the discretion to be exercised in any
discriminatory manner against members in respect of their short
service benefit .
Form of short service benefit and its alternatives
9.- (1) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, a member's short
service benefit must either be payable (as mentioned in paragraph 6(2)
above) directly out of the resources of the scheme or be assured to
him by such means as may be prescribed .
( 2 ) Subject to the following sub-paragraphs, a scheme may, instead
of providing short service benefit, provide
( a ) for the member's accrued rights to be transferred to another
scheme (whether recognised or not ) with a view to the
acquisition for him of transfer credits under the other
scheme ; or
( b) for such alternatives to short service benefit as may be
prescribed .
( 3) Either of the alternatives specified in sub-paragraph (2)(a) and
(b ) above may be by way of complete or partial substitute for short
service benefit, but (except in such cases as may be prescribed) only
with the member's consent.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 915
( 4) An alternative prescribed under sub- paragraph ( 2)(b) above SCH. 16
must not include any payment by way of return of contributions,
except in respect of-
( a) a period of service before the appointed day ; or
( b) a period of service of less than 5 years after that day if
( and only if ) there has been such a payment in respect of
a period of service before that day.
Computation of benefit
10.- (1) A scheme must provide for short service benefit to be
computed on the same basis as long service benefit.
( 2) For this purpose, no account is to be taken of any rule making
it (directly or indirectly) a condition of entitlement to benefit that
pensionable service shall have been of any minimum duration.
( 3) This paragraph does not apply to so much of any benefit as-
( a ) accrues at a higher rate, or otherwise more favourably, in
the case of members with a period of pensionable service of
some specified minimum length, or of those remaining in
pensionable service up to some specified minimum age ; or
( b ) is of an amount, or at a rate, unrelated to length of pension-
able service or to the number or amount of contributions
paid by or for the member ;
nor does it apply to any category of schemes or members, or
description of benefit, excluded from this paragraph by regulations.
11. So far as any short service benefit is not required to be
computed in accordance with paragraph 10 above, it must be com-
puted on the basis of uniform accrual, bearing the same proportion
to long service benefit at the time when pensionable service is
terminated as the period of that service bears to the period from the
beginning of that service to the time when the member would attain
normal pension age or such lower age as may be prescribed.
12.- (1 ) Where long service benefit is related to a member's
earnings at, or in a specified period before, the time when he attains
normal pension age, short service benefit must be related, in a
corresponding manner, to his earnings at, or in the same period
before, the time when his pensionable service is terminated.
( 2 ) A scheme must comply with any regulations relating to the
basis of computation of short service benefit, including regulations
providing for the avoidance of fractional amounts and otherwise to
facilitate computation.
Credits
13.- (1) If a scheme provides for long service benefit to include
supplementary credits, it must provide for such credits to be included
in short service benefit, and provide for all credits to be so included
subject to the following sub-paragraphs .
916 Social Security Act 1973
c.38
SCH. 16 ( 2 ) Where purchased credits have not been paid for in full at or
before termination of pensionable service-
( a ) if they were to be paid for by a fixed amount, the benefit
must include so much of the whole of the credits as
bears the same proportion to them as the amount which
the member has paid bears to the full amount payable by
him ;
( b ) if they were to be paid for otherwise than by a fixed
amount, the benefit must include such part of the credits
as bears the same proportion to the whole as the period
between the time when the first payment became due and
the termination of the member's pensionable service bears
to the whole period over which payment was to be made.
( 3 ) If the benefit includes bonus credits, or credits for which
payment is to be made by deduction from that or another benefit,
the credits to be included in the benefit and ( where applicable) the
amount of the deduction must be computed on the basis of the
following assumptions-
(a ) that the credits accrue in full only to a member remaining in
pensionable service until normal pension age ;
( b ) that entitlement to any credit , and also the amount of any
relevant deduction, accrues at a uniform rate from the time
when the credit was awarded up to the time of his attaining
thatage.
( 4 ) Where any such deduction from benefit as is referred to in
sub-paragraph (3) above is a percentage of benefit , the percentage
must be the same for short service as for long service benefit.
( 5 ) A scheme must comply with any regulations made with
respect to the manner in which supplementary credits are to be
included in short service benefit, including regulations providing for
the avoidance of fractional amounts and otherwise to facilitate
computation .
Pension-increases
14.- (1) A scheme which by its rules provides for increases of long
service benefit from time to time ( whether by way of upwards
re-valuation or otherwise ) must provide for corresponding increases
of short service benefit in the case of members whose pensionable
service terminates at any time after the coming into force of any such
rule .
( 2) Where provision to this effect is made in such a way as to
involve the exercise of a discretion in relation to increase of long
service benefit, a corresponding discretion must be conferred in
relation to short service benefit.
( 3) If an increase of long service benefit is to take effect at a
specified time after termination of service, the corresponding increase
of short service benefit must take effect at the same time after the
time when short service benefit becomes payable.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 917
( 4) Where provision is made for increase of long service benefit
otherwise than at a fixed rate, short service benefit may nevertheless
be subject to increase at a fixed rate, so long as the rate is not less
than 3 per cent. a year compound.
Assignment, surrender and commutation of benefit
15.- (1) Except as provided by this paragraph, a scheme must
contain rules preventing assignment of short service benefit, and
must not enable such benefit to be surrendered or commuted.
( 2 ) Provisions enabling assignment are permissible (whether assign-
ment before or after the benefit comes into payment) if it is
assignment in favour of the member's widow or a dependant of his .
( 3) Provisions enabling surrender (at the option of the member)
are permissible where it is-
( a ) to provide benefit for the member's widow or a dependant
of his ;
( b ) to acquire for the member entitlement to transfer credits
under another scheme ;
( c ) to acquire for the member entitlement to further benefits
under the same scheme, relating both to a period of pen-
sionable service previously terminated and also to a
subsequent period of service in relevant employment.
( 4 ) Provision may be made for a member's benefit to be
commuted, but only-
( a ) in a case where he opts ( at any time ) to commute at or
after normal pension age ; or
( b ) in exceptional circumstances of serious ill-health ; or
( c ) in such other circumstances as may be prescribed ;
and where a scheme provides benefit for a member's widow or
dependant , it may provide for commutation by the beneficiary in
such circumstances as may be prescribed.
( 5 ) In respect of any of the benefits or rights alternative to short
service benefit provided in accordance with paragraph 9( 2) above,
this paragraph shall apply with such modifications as may be
prescribed .
( 6 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for reference
to assignment there shall be substituted references to assignation.
Forfeiture, etc.
16.- (1 ) Except so far as permitted by this paragraph, and subject
to paragraph 17 below, a scheme must not contain any provision for
forfeiture of short service benefit.
( 2 ) Provision may be made for forfeiture of the whole or part of
any short service benefit by reference to an event occurring after the
benefit becomes payable, but only an event by reference to which
long service benefit would be forfeited ; and such a provision must
not be in terms which in the opinion of the Occupational Pensions
Board appear to discriminate against members entitled to short
service benefit.
SCH. 16
c .38
918 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 16 ( 3) Provision may be made for forfeiture by reference to-
( a ) the assignment or attempted assignment or, in Scotland, the
assignation or attempted assignation of the benefit contrary
to the provisions of the scheme;
( b) the member's bankruptcy or, in the case of benefit for a
widow or dependant of the member, the beneficiary's
bankruptcy ;
and in this case forfeiture may be by reference to an event occurring
either before or after the benefit would otherwise be payable, so long
as the like provision is made in relation to long service benefit.
( 4 ) Provision for forfeiture may be made--
( a ) in a public service pension scheme, by reference to the
member being convicted of an offence-
( i ) committed by him before the benefit becomes pay-
able and in connection with relevant employment, and
(ii) certified by a Minister of the Crown either to have
been gravely injurious to the State or to be liable to lead
to serious loss of confidence in the public service :
( b) in any case, by reference to the member having been con-
victed of any offence committed before the benefit becomes
payable, being-
(i ) an offence of treason, or
(ii ) one or more offences under the Official Secrets Acts
1911 to 1939 for which the member has been sentenced
on the same occasion to a term of imprisonment of, or
to two or more consecutive terms amounting in the
aggregate to, at least 10 years .
17.- (1) No rule must operate so as to deprive a person of short
service benefit (whether a member himself, or his widow or a
dependant ) by reference to-
(a ) failure by him or any other person to make a claim for the
benefit or for any payment due as benefit ; or
(b ) failure by him or any other person, at any time after termina-
tion of relevant employment, to give any notice, or comply
with any formality, required by the scheme as a condition of
entitlement.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1)(a ) above is not to prevent reliance on any
enactment relating to the limitation of actions ; and in cases of
failure to claim, the scheme may provide for the right to receive any
payment to be forfeited in the event of its not being claimed within
6 years of the date on which it became due.
18.- (1 ) A scheme must contain no rule enabling a member's
employer to exercise any description of charge or lien on, or set-off
against, short service benefit, to the extent that it includes transfer
credits ; but a charge or lien on, or set-off against, a member's short
service benefit is permissible ( insofar as it does not include transfer
credits ) for the purpose of enabling the employer to obtain the
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 919
discharge by the member of some monetary obligation due to the employer and arising out of a criminal, negligent or fraudulent act
or omission by the member.
( 2 ) No rule is to permit the employer to recover from, or retain
out of, the resources of the scheme any sum in respect of a monetary
or other obligation due to him from any member, except an obligation
arising as mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) ; and rules permitting such
recovery or retainer must so provide that-
( a ) in respect of any such obligation, recovery or retainer is
limited to the actuarial value of the member's actual or pros-
pective benefits at that time, or the amount of the obligation,
whichever is the less ( subject to any different agreement in
writing between the employer and the member) ; and and
( b ) the member is entitled to a certificate showing the amount
retained or recovered and its effect on his benefits or
prospective benefits ; and
( c ) in the event of any dispute as to the amount to be retained
or recovered, the employer is not entitled to enforce the
charge, lien or set-off except after the obligation has become
enforceable under an order of a competent court or the
award of an arbitrator or in Scotland an arbiter to be
appointed ( failing agreement between the parties ) by the
sheriff.
19. In respect of any of the benefits or rights alternative to short
service benefit provided in accordance with paragraph 9( 2) above,
paragraphs 16 to 18 shall apply with such modifications as may be
prescribed.
SCH. 16
PART II
SUPPLEMENTARY REGULATIONS
20. Regulations may, in respect of any specified provision con-
tained in Part I of this Schedule, provide that a scheme is not to
be treated as conforming with the preservation requirements unless
it contains express rules to the effect ( but not necessarily in the
words ) of that provision.
21. Regulations may modify Part I of this Schedule in relation
to schemes with any overseas element , that is to say, schemes estab-
lished, or relating to employment, or with parties domiciled, resident
or carrying on business, in any part of the world outside the United
Kingdom, or otherwise not confined in their operation to the United
Kingdom.
22. Regulations may make provision as to the circumstances in
which, for the purposes of Part I of this Schedule-
( a ) a period of a person's service in two or more different
employments is to be treated as a period of service in one
or more of those employments ;
( b) a person's service in any employment is to be treated as
terminated or not terminated.
c. 38
920 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 16
Section 66( 5 ) .
23. Regulations may modify Part I of this Schedule in its applica-
tion to cases where an earner is for the time being, or has been,
employed in pensionable service under, or in recognised pensionable
employment by reference to, different schemes applying to the same
employment and these regulations may relate to service under or, as
the case may be, by reference to different schemes at the same time,
or at different times.
24. Regulations may make such provision modifying Part I of
this Schedule as the Secretary of State thinks fit for securing that
the preservation requirements include requirements for provision
to be made in a scheme as to the preservation of a member's benefit
in the event of the scheme being wound up.
25. Regulations may modify Part I of this Schedule in any manner
which the Secretary of State thinks appropriate with a view to
securing the orderly implementation of the provisions of section 63
of this Act and to obtaining general compliance with that section ;
and regulations made under this paragraph may include incidental
and supplementary provisions, including provisions appearing to
the Secretary of State to be required in consequence of different
provisions of Part I of this Schedule being brought into force at
different times.
26. Without prejudice to any of the foregoing provisions, regula-
tions may provide for the preservation requirements to apply with
such modifications and exceptions as the Secretary of State con-
siders to be necessary for particular cases or classes of cases.
SCHEDULE 17
THE OCCUPATIONAL PENSIONS BOARD
Preliminary
1. The Occupational Pensions Board ( " the Board " ) shall have
perpetual succession and a common seal.
Membership
2. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a person
shall hold and vacate office as chairman, deputy chairman or other
member of the Board in accordance with the terms of the instrument
appointing him .
3. A person may at any time resign office as chairman, deputy
chairman or other member of the Board by giving to the Secretary
of State written notice of resignation signed by that person.
4 .- (1) If a member of the Board becomes or ceases to be chairman
or deputy chairman, the Secretary of State may vary the terms of
the instrument appointing him to be a member so as to alter the
date on which he is to vacate office.
( 2 ) If the chairman or deputy chairman ceases to be a member, he
shall cease to be chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 921
5.- (1 ) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member of the
Board-
( a ) has been absent from meetings of the Board for a period
longer than 3 consecutive months without the Board's
permission ; or
( b ) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his
creditors,
the Secretary of State may remove that member.
( 2) In the application of sub -paragraph (1) above to Scotland, for
the references to a member's having become bankrupt and to his
having made an arrangement with his creditors there shall be sub-
stituted respectively references to sequestration of a member's estate
having been awarded and to his having made a trust deed for behoof
of his creditors or a composition contract.
( 3) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, the Secretary
of State may remove a member of the Board on the ground of
incapacity or misbehaviour .
SCH. 17
Expenses ; remuneration etc. of members
6. The expenses of the Board, to such an amount as may be
approved by the Minister for the Civil Service, shall be paid by the
Secretary of State.
7. There may be paid as part of the expenses of the Board-
( a ) to all or any of the members of the Board, such salaries
or other remuneration and travelling and other allowances ;
( b ) to persons attending their meetings at the request of the
Board, such travelling and other allowances (including com-
pensation for loss of remunerative time) ; and
( c ) to persons from whom the Board may decide to seek advice,
as being persons considered by the Board to be specially
qualified to advise them on particular matters, such fees,
as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister for
the Civil Service determine.
8. The Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister for
the Civil Service provide for the payment of pensions, allowances or
gratuities to or in respect of such members of the Board as may be
so determined.
9. Where a person ceases to be a member of the Board otherwise
than on the expiration of his term of office and it appears to the
Secretary of State that there are circumstances which make it right
for that person to receive compensation, the Secretary of State may
with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service make to that
person a payment of such amount as the Secretary of State may
determine with the consent of that Minister.
922 Social Security Act 1973
c. 38
SCH. 17 Proceedings
10.- (1 ) The quorum of the Board and the arrangements relating
to their meetings shall be such as the Board may determine.
( 2) Subject to regulations made by the Secretary of State under
section 66(7) and section 67( 4 ) of this Act, the procedure of the
Board, in relation to the discharge of any of their functions, shall
be such as the Board may determine.
11. The validity of any proceedings of the Board shall not be
affected by any vacancy among the members or by any defect in the
appointment of a member.
12.- (1 ) Where the Board give a decision on any matter deait
with by them by means of a formal hearing, or on review, it shall
be their duty to furnish a statement, either written or oral, of
the reasons for the decision if they are requested, on or before
the giving or notification of the decision, to state their reasons.
( 2) Any statement by the Board of their reasons for a decision,
whether the statement is given by them in pursuance of this para-
graph or otherwise, shall be taken to form part of the decision
and accordingly to be incorporated in the record.
Staff etc.
13 .- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make available to the Board
the services of such officers and servants of his department as he may
consider appropriate for the proper discharge of the functions of the
Board.
( 2) The Board may authorise any member, or any officer or servant
of the Secretary of State's department, to perform on the Board's
behalf such of their functions (including the power to give an
authorisation for the purposes of this paragraph ) as may be specified
in the authorisation.
Fees
14. Regulations made by the Secretary of State may authorise the
Board to charge fees for their services in respect of the modification
of an occupational pension scheme on an application made in that
behalf under section 64 of this Act, including services in connection
with the drawing up of any order of the Board made on application.
Instruments and contracts
15. The fixing of the common seal of the Board shall be authenti-
cated by the signature of the secretary of the Board or some other
person authorised by them to act for that purpose.
16. A document purporting to be duly executed under the seal of
the Board shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary
is proved, be deemed to be so executed.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 923
SCHEDULE 18
THE RESERVE PENSION BOARD AND RESERVE PENSION FUND
PART I
THE BOARD
Preliminary
1. The Reserve Pension Board ( " the Board ") shall have perpetual
succession and a common seal.
Membership
2. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State-
(a ) to satisfy himself, before he appoints a person to be a mem-
ber of the Board (whether as chairman, deputy chairman or
otherwise ) , that that person will have no such financial
or other interest as is likely to affect prejudicially the per-
formance of his functions as a member ; and
( b ) to satisfy himself from time to time with respect to each
member that the member has no such interests ;
and a person who is a member of the Board, or whom the Secretary
of State proposes to appoint to be a member shall , whenever
requested by the Secretary of State to do so, furnish him with such
information as he may specify with a view to carrying out his duty
under this paragraph.
3. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a person
shall hold and vacate office as chairman, deputy chairman or other
member of the Board in accordance with the terms of the instrument
appointing him.
4. A person may at any time resign office as chairman, deputy
chairman or other member of the Board by giving to the Secretary
of State written notice of resignation signed by that person.
5.- (1) If a member of the Board becomes or ceases to be chair-
man or deputy chairman, the Secretary of State may vary the terms of
the instrument appointing him to be a member so as to alter the date
on which he is to vacate office.
( 2 ) If the chairman or deputy chairman ceases to be a member he
shall cease to be chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be.
6.- (1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member of the
Board-
( a ) has been absent from meetings of the Board for a period
longer than 3 consecutive months without the Board's
permission ; or
(b) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his
creditors,
the Secretary of State may remove that member.
( 2 ) In the application of sub-paragraph (1) above to Scotland, for
the references to a member's having become bankrupt and to his
Sections 73(6 )
and 74 (10 ).
c. 38
924 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 18 having made an arrangement with his creditors there shall be sub-
stituted respectively references to sequestration of a member's estate
having been awarded and to his having made a trust deed for behoof
of his creditors or a composition contract.
( 3 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, the Secretary of
State may remove a member of the Board on the ground of
incapacity or misbehaviour.
Remuneration, etc., of members
7. The Board shall pay to each member such remuneration as the
Secretary of State may determine with the consent of the Minister
for the Civil Service.
8. The Board shall make such provision as may be determined
by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Minister for the
Civil Service for the payment of pensions , allowances or gratuities
to or in respect of such members of the Board as may be so
determined.
9. Where a person ceases to be a member of the Board otherwise
than on the expiration of his term of office and it appears to the
Secretary of State that there are circumstances which make it right
for that person to receive compensation, the Secretary of State may
with the consent of the Minister for the Civil Service direct the Board
to make to that person a payment of such amount as the Secretary
of State may determine with the consent of that Minister.
Proceedings
10. The quorum of the Board and the arrangements relating to
their meetings shall be such as the Board may determine .
11.- (1) A member of the Board who is in any way directly or
indirectly interested in a contract proposed to be made by the Board,
or in any other matter whatsoever which falls to be considered by
the Board (and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality
of the foregoing words, a matter relating directly or indirectly to
the investments of the Reserve Pension Fund ), shall disclose the
nature of his interest at a meeting of the Board and the disclosure
shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting ; and the member
shall not-
( a ) in the case of a contract, take part in any deliberation or
decision of the Board with respect to the contract ; and
( b ) in the case of any other matter, take part in any deliberation
or decision of the Board with respect to that matter if the
Board decide that the interest in question might affect
prejudicially the member's consideration of that matter.
(2) A notice given by a member at a meeting of the Board to the
effect-
( a ) that he is a member of a specified company or firm and is to
be regarded as interested in any contract made, or business
conducted, after the date of the notice with that company
or firm ( or, in the case of a firm, with any member of it ) ;
or
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 925
( b ) that he is a member of a specified company and is to be
regarded as interested in any matter relating to the acquisi-
tion or disposal of any securities of that company,
shall for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1 ) above, be a sufficient
disclosure of any interest of his in relation to a contract so made,
or business so conducted, or to any such matter, as the case may be.
( 3) A member need not attend in person at a meeting of the Board
in order to make a disclosure for the purposes of this paragraph if he
takes reasonable steps to secure that the disclosure is made by a
notice in writing to be taken into consideration and read at such a
meeting .
( 4 ) Nothing in this paragraph applies to any interest of a member
of the Board arising from his being himself actually or prospectively
entitled to a reserve scheme pension.
12. The validity of any proceedings of the Board shall not be
affected by any vacancy among the members, or by any defect in the
appointment of a member, or by any failure to comply with the
requirements of paragraph 11 above.
Staff
13.- (1) The Board shall appoint a secretary and such officers and
servants as they may determine with the consent of the Secretary of
State and the Minister for the Civil Service jointly as to the numbers
appointed .
( 2 ) Provision shall be made by the Board, with the like consent,
as to the remuneration of their secretary, and other officers and
servants ; and the Board shall also make such provision as may be
determined by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Minister
for the Civil Service for the payment of pensions, allowances or
gratuities to or in respect of their secretary or other officers and
servants as may be so determined.
Performance of Board's functions
14. The Board may authorise any member, or any officer or
servant appointed by them under paragraph 13 above, to perform on
behalf of the Board such of their functions (including functions con-
ferred by this paragraph ) as are specified in the authorisation.
Instruments and contracts
15. The fixing of the common seal of the Board shall be authenti-
cated by the signature of two persons, one of whom shall be the
secretary of the Board or a person appointed by them to act as
his deputy for the purpose and the other shall be either a member
of the Board or a person authorised by them to act.
16. A document purporting to be duly executed under the seal of
the Board shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary
is proved, be deemed to be so executed.
SCH. 18
c. 38
926 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 18
1948 с. 38.
PART II
ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT OF RESERVE PENSION FUND
17.- (1) It shall be the duty of the Board-
( a ) to keep proper accounts of the Reserve Pension Fund and
proper records in relation to the accounts ; and
( b ) to prepare in respect of each financial year, in such form
as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury
may direct, a statement of those accounts showing the
financial condition of the Fund as at the end of that year.
( 2 ) The accounts kept and the statement prepared in pursuance
of sub-paragraph (1) above shall be audited by auditors appointed
from time to time by the Secretary of State ; and a person shall not
be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of one or more
of the following bodies-
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales ;
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
The Association of Certified Accountants ;
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
any other body of accountants established in the United King-
dom and for the time being recognised for the purposes
of section 161(1) ( a ) of the Companies Act 1948 by the
Secretary of State ;
but a Scottish firm may be so appointed if each of the partners
therein is qualified for appointment.
18.- (1) It shall be the duty of the auditors in preparing their
report on the accounts of the Fund to carry out such investigations
as will enable them to form an opinion as to the following matters,
namely-
(a ) whether the Board have properly complied with their duties
under paragraph 17 above, and have maintained a satis-
factory system of control over their transactions and
records ;
(b) whether the investments of the Fund indicate that the Board
have complied with section 75( 2) of this Act ;
and the auditors shall include in their report a statement of their
conclusions as to the matters referred to in this paragraph.
( 2 ) The auditors-
( a ) shall have a right of access at all times to the books,
accounts and records of the Board, and to all other docu-
ments in the possession, or under the control, of the Board
and relating to the Board's affairs ; and
( b ) shall be entitled to require from any member or officer of
the Board such information and explanations as they think
necessary for the performance of their duties under this
paragraph and generally for the purpose of discharging
their duties as auditors.
( 3) If the auditors fail to obtain all the information and explana-
tions which, to the best of their knowledge and belief, are necessary
for the purposes of their audit, they shall state that fact in their
report,
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 927
SCHEDULE 19
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS AS TO RESERVE SCHEME
PREMIUMS
1. Regulations may provide for adjusting the amounts which are
to be paid by way of reserve scheme premium in any prescribed
circumstances, so as to avoid fractional amounts and otherwise to
facilitate computation.
2. The purposes for which regulations may be made under para-
graph 4 of Schedule 15 to this Act shall include those of enabling it
to be ascertained in particular circumstances whether an employer
is liable for a reserve scheme premium and the amount of any
premium.
3. In relation to employed earners who, in any period of service
in recognised pensionable employment-
( a ) have been paid earnings in any income tax week by more
than one person in respect of different employments ; or
( b) have worked under the general control or management of a
person other than their immediate employer,
and in relation to any other case for which it appears to the Secretary
of State that such provision is needed, regulations may provide that
for the purposes of section 78 of this Act the prescribed person is to
be treated as liable for any reserve scheme premium payable on the
termination of that period of service.
4. Regulations may provide for requiring employers (except in
such cases as may be prescribed ) to give notice to the Secretary of
State when a person's period of service in recognised pensionable
employment begins or is terminated.
5. Regulations may provide for treating reserve scheme premiums
payable in respect of an earner's period of service in any employment
as actually paid where the failure to pay is shown not to have been
with the consent or connivance of, or attributable to, any negligence
on the part of, the earner.
6. Regulations may, in relation to reserve scheme premiums, pro-
vide-
( a ) for treating a premium paid at or after any prescribed time
as paid at some other time ( whether earlier or later) ;
( b) for enabling a premium to be treated as paid in an income
tax year earlier or later than that in which it was actually
paid ;
( c ) for treating a premium wrongly paid, or paid as to the
wrong amount, as paid ( wholly or in part) in discharge of
a liability for another premium, or for basic scheme or
reserve scheme contributions ;
( d ) for the return of premiums paid in error or, in prescribed
circumstances, of premiums as to which the Secretary of
State is satisfied that they ought to be repaid ;
( e ) for any other matters incidental to the payment, collection
or return of premiums.
Section 78 (6 ) .
c. 38
928 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 19
Section 80 ( 2)
7. In relation to any employments of a class to which paragraph 2
of Schedule 15 to this Act applies, regulations may make provision-
( a ) for things which by or under Part III of this Act are required
or authorised to be done by or to any person as a secon-
dary reserve scheme contributor, or in respect of his liability
for a reserve scheme premium, to be done instead by or to
the Secretary of State ; and
( b ) for the recovery by the Secretary of State of a reserve
scheme premium from any person in a case where it has
been paid by the Secretary of State instead of by him.
SCHEDULE 20
COMPUTATION OF WEEKLY RATE OF RESERVE SCHEME
PERSONAL PENSION
1. For the purposes of ascertaining the rate ( without bonuses) of
an earner's reserve scheme personal pension , the factors relevant
under this Schedule are-
( a ) the year in which any reserve scheme contributions or reserve
scheme premiums were paid in respect of him and his
earnings from any employment ;
( b ) his age at the end of that year ; and
( c ) his reckonable contribution factor for that year ;
and in this Schedule " year " means an income tax year.
2.- (1 ) An earner's reckonable contribution factor for any year is
the aggregate amount of-
(a ) all reserve scheme contributions paid in that year in respect
of the earner's earnings ( disregarding earnings in respect
of which there has been a repayment of contributions) ;
and
( b) all reserve scheme premiums paid in that year by any person
in respect of him .
( 2 ) Regulations may provide for adjusting reckonable contribution
factors so as to make each factor a whole number of pounds.
3. For the purposes of paragraphs 1 and 2 above, any contributions
or premium paid before or on the relevant pay-day, or within a
prescribed period after that day, shall be deemed to have been paid
in the year in which that day fell; and (except so far as may be
otherwise prescribed ) " the relevant pay-day " means--
( a ) in relation to contributions, the date on which were paid
the earnings in respect of which contributions became
payable ; and
( b ) in relation to a premium, the date on which there was
terminated the period of service in recognised pensionable
employment, termination of which gave rise to the liability
for the premium.
4 .- (1) The weekly rate of the pension ( without bonuses) shall be
arrived at as follows.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 929
( 2 ) Take all the years for which the earner acquired a reckon-
able contribution factor and in which he was aged not less than
22 nor more than 64.
( 3) For this purpose, treat the earner as having been, in any
year, of the age which he had attained on the last day of that
year.
( 4 ) In relation to a year in which the earner was of the age
specified in the first column of the Table below, take for each £1
of his reckonable contribution factor for that year the number
of pence specified for him in the second column of the Table.
( 5) The weekly rate of the pension is the aggregate of the
sums produced by the calculation under sub-paragraph ( 4) above.
TABLE
Ageat end
ofyear of
contribution
Amount ofpension per weekfor
every £1 of year's reckonable
contribution factor
Men Women
pence pence
22 •866 • 581
23 -834 • 560
24 • 803 • 540
25 773 • 520
26 • 743 • 501
27 • 715 -482
28 •689 • 464
29 •663 -447
30 •638 -431
31 • 614 -415
32 •592 • 400
33 • 570 -385
34 • 549 • 370
35 •529 • 356
36 • 509 -343
37 • 490 -331
38 472 • 319
39 • 455 • 307
40 • 438 • 295
41 422 • 284
42 • 406 -274
43 -391 • 264
44 • 377 • 254
45 • 363 • 244
46 • 350 -235
47 • 337 226
48 • 324 • 217
49 312 • 208
50 • 301 • 200
51 • 290 • 192
52 • 280 • 185
53 • 270 • 178
54 • 260 171
Part II G
SCH. 20
930 Social Security Act 1973
c. 38
SCH. 20
TABLE-cont
Ageat end
ofyear of
contribution
Amount of pension per week for
every £1 of year's reckonable
contribution factor
Men Women
pence pence
55 • 250 • 164
56 240 • 157
57 • 230 • 150
58 -221 • 143
59 -212 • 137
60 • 203
61 • 194
62 • 186
63 • 177
64 •168
5. Regulations may provide for adjusting the weekly rate of
pension arrived at under paragraph 4 above so that the rate is in
all cases a whole number of pence, and for adjusting the rate in
prescribed circumstances, by amounts up to 10 pence and no more,
with a view to facilitating administration and payment.
Section 84(6 ).
1965 с. 51 .
1946 c . 67
SCHEDULE 21
PART IV OF NATIONAL INSURANCE АСТ 1965
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF PART IV
1 .- (1 ) Throughout Part IV of the former principal Act (" the
Act ") for " the Minister " (except in the expression " the Minister
of Labour" in section 68( 1)) substitute " the Secretary of State " ;
for " Treasury " substitute " Minister for the Civil Service " ; for
" the Commissioner " (except in the phrase " the Commissioner may
direct " in section 70( 4 ) ) substitute " a Commissioner " ; and for
"
" the National Insurance Commissioner " substitute a National
Insurance Commissioner ".
( 2 ) For section 64 of the Act substitute the following-
"
Interpre- tation of
64. In this Part of this Act-
this Part of
( a ) " the Social Security Act " means the Social
thisAct.
Security Act 1973 ;
( b) " benefit " (except where the context otherwise
requires) means benefit under Part I of that Act
or, as respects any period before the day
appointed for the coming into force of section
2 of that Act, under this Act or the National
Insurance Act 1946, and " beneficiary " shall be
construed accordingly ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 931
( c ) " claimant " means a person who has claimed
SCH. 21
benefit or whose right to be excepted from
liability to pay, or to have his liability deferred
for, or to be credited with, a contribution is in
question ;
(d ) " employed earner " shall be construed in
accordance with section 1( 7 ) of the Social Secu-
rity Act and regulations under Part I of that
Act;
( e ) " the Family Allowances Act " means the Family 1965 c.
.53
Allowances Act 1965 ;
( f ) " friendly society " means a society registered
as a friendly society under the Friendly Socie-
ties Acts 1896 to 1971, being a society which
as part of its ordinary business provides benefits
during sickness or other infirmity, or in old
age, or in widowhood, or for orphans, and not
being a collecting society within the meaning of
the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 ;
1923 с. 8.
( g) " the Industrial Injuries Act " means the
National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 c . 52.
; 1965
( h) " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
and
ود
( 1 ) " regulations means regulations made by the
Secretary of State under this Act." .
2. In section 65 of the Act-
(a ) in subsection (1), for " 64(1 )(a) to (c) of this Act " substitute
66
84(1)(a) to (c) or 85( 1)(a) or (b) of the Social Security
Act";
(b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " send notice " to the
end of the subsection substitute-
" give notice in writing of his intention to do so-
( a ) in a case where the question arises on an appli-
cation made to the Secretary of State, to the
applicant ; and
( b ) in any case to such persons as appear to him to be
concerned with the question, ".
3. In section 66 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " 64( 1)(a) to (c) of this Act " substitute
84(1)(a) to (c) or 85( 1) (a) or (b) of the Social Security
Act";
Part II G2
c .38
932 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21 ( b ) in subsection ( 2 ), for " 64(1) ( d ) of this Act " substitute
" 84( 1)(d ) of the Social Security Act ".
4. In section 68 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " the Ministry of Labour appointed
with the concurrence of the Minister of Labour " substitute
" the Department of Employment appointed with the con-
currence of the Secretary of State in charge of that
Department " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2 ) for " 67( 1) of this Act " substitute " 84(5)
of the Social Security Act " .
5. In section 69( 1) of the Act for " 64( 1) of this Act or section 6( 2 )
of the Act of 1970 " substitute " 84(1) of the Social Security Act or
paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act " ; and in section 69( 4) for
" this Act " substitute " the Social Security Act ".
6. In section 70(1)( c ) of the Act for " employed persons " sub-
stitute " employed earners ", and for sub-paragraph ( ii ) substitute-
" (ii ) the question at issue in any way relates to a deceased
person who was a member of the association at the time
of his death.".
7. After section 70 of the Act insert the following new section-
Determina-
70A. Where any question under the Social Security
tionof
questions
Act ( not being a question to which section 84(1) of that
first arising Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies)
onappeal to first arises in the course of an appeal to a local tribunal
alocal constituted under section 77 of this Act or a Commis-
tribunal or Commis-
sioner appointed under section 87 of the Social Security
sioner. Act, the tribunal or Commissioner may, if they or he
thinks fit, proceed to determine that question notwith-
standing that it has not been considered by an insurance
officer. ".
8. In section 71(1) of the Act for the words from " section 64(1 ) "
to the end of paragraph (a) substitute-
" section 84(1) of the Social Security Act or paragraph 14 of
Schedule 7 to that Act applies, he shall-
( a ) refer the latter question for determination in
accordance (subject to any necessary modifications) with
section 84 of that Act and sections 65 and 66 of this Act
or, as the case may be, paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to
that Act ; and " .
9. In section 72 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " sections 67 " substitute " section 84(5)
of the Social Security Act and sections 68 " ;
( b ) for paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) substitute-
"(c ) the decision was based on the decision of any
question to which section 84(1) of the Social Security
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 933
Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies
and the decision of that question is revised in accordance
with the provisions of section 66 of this Act or reviewed
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 15 of that
Schedule. " ;
( c ) in subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) for " the said sections 67 to 70 "
substitute " the sections of the Social Security Act and this
Act referred to in the introductory words of subsection (1)
of this section ".
10. In section 73 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) -
( i ) for " sections 64 to 72 " substitute " section 84(1) to
( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections 65, 66 and 68
to 72 of this Act " ;
66
( ii ) after any other provision of this Act " insert
" or of the Social Security Act " ;
( iii ) after " in connection with this Act " insert "or
the Social Security Act " ;
(iv ) for " 64( 1)( d ) of this Act" substitute " 84(1 )(d ) of
the Social Security Act " ;
(v ) for " sections 64, 65(1) to (4) , 66 " substitute
" section 84(1) to ( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and
sections 65(1) to ( 4 ), 66 and 68 " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2) for the words " 64(1) or 74(1) of this Act "
substitute " 84(1) of the Social Security Act ".
11. In section 75 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " provisions of sections 64 to 72 of
this Act " substitute " foregoing provisions of this Part of
this Act and of section 84(1) to (5 ) of the Social Security
Act " ;
( b ) after subsection (1) insert-
" (1A) Subsection (1) of this section shall not make
any finding of fact or other determination embodied in
or necessary to a decision, or on which it is based,
conclusive for the purpose of any further decision ; and
this subsection applies not only to subsection (1) but
also to provisions of earlier Acts corresponding to that
subsection, and applies as regards the effect to be given
in any proceedings to any decision, whether the decision
was given or the proceedings commenced before or after
the passing of the Social Security Act. " ;
( c ) in subsection (2) -
(i) for " sections 64 " substitute " section 84(1) to ( 5)
of the Social Security Act and sections 65, 66 and 68 " ;
Part II G3
SCH. 21
c. 38
934 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21 (ii) after paragraph ( c) insert-
"( d ) that in such cases as may be prescribed one or
more medical practitioners shall sit with a local
tribunal either as additional members or as
assessors, and for the appointment by the Secre-
tary of State of medical practitioners to act for
this purpose either generally or for such cases
or for such tribunals as the Secretary of State
may determine ;
( e ) for extending and defining the functions of
assessors for the purposes of this Act :
( f ) for empowering the Secretary of State, a local
tribunal or an insurance officer to refer to a
medical practitioner for examination and report
any question arising for his or their decision ;
( g ) for the non- disclosure to a person of the par-
ticulars of any medical advice or medical
evidence given or submitted for the purposes of
the determination of, or of any question arising
on, any claim if , in the opinion of the prescribed
authority, being the person or tribunal, or the
chairman of the tribunal, by whom that deter-
mination falls to be made, disclosure of those
particulars to that person would be undesirable
in the interests of that person ; " ;
(iii ) for " sections 64 to 74" substitute " section 84(1 )
to (5) of the Social Security Act and sections 65, 66 and
68 to 73 " .
12. In section 76 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1)—
(i ) for " benefit under this Act " substitute " benefit
under Part I of the Social Security Act " ;
(ii) for " 64( 1 ) ( d ) " substitute " 84( 1 )(d ) " ;
(iii ) for " sections 67 " substitute " section 84(5) of the
Social Security Act and sections 68 " ;
66
( b ) in subsection ( 2) for purposes of this Act " substitute
" purposes of the Social Security Act ".
13. In section 77 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1)
(i ) for " sections 67 " substitute " section 84(5) of the
Social Security Act and sections 68 " ;
(ii ) in paragraph ( a ) for " insured persons other than
employed persons " substitute " earners other than
employed earners " ;
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 935
(iii ) in paragraph (b ) for " employed persons "
substitute " employed earners " ;
( b ) in subsection (3) for " insured persons " substitute (in both
places ) " employed earners " ;
( c ) in subsection (5)(a)(iii) for " 64( 3) " substitute " 84( 4) of the
Social Security Act ".
14. In section 80( 3) of the Act for " the foregoing provisions of this
Part of this Act " substitute " this Act, the Social Security Act ".
15. In section 81 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " the National " to
" Act of 1970) " substitute " the Secretary of State of any
benefit " ;
( b ) after subsection (1) insert-
" ( 1A) Any sums repaid to the Secretary of State in
pursuance of subsection (1) above shall-
(a ) be paid by him into the Consolidated Fund
insofar as they represent benefit which under
section 46(1)(a ) of the Social Security Act is not
payable out of the National Insurance Fund ;
and
( b) otherwise, be paid by him into the last-mentioned
Fund." ;
( c ) in subsection (3)(a) after " contributions " insert " under
Part I of the Social Security Act or contributions or pre-
miums under Part III of that Act".
SCH. 21
PART II
PART IV OF 1965 ACT AS AMENDED
Determination of certain questions by the Secretary of State
64. In this Part of this Act-
Interpretation ofthis part
( a ) " the Social Security Act " means the Social Security Act
ofthis Act.
1973 ;
(b) " benefit " (except where the context otherwise requires)
means benefit under Part I of that Act or, as respects any
period before the day appointed for the coming into force
of section 2 of that Act, under this Act or the National 1946 c. 67.
Insurance Act 1946 and " beneficiary " shall be construed
accordingly ;
(c ) " claimant " means a person who has claimed benefit or
whose right to be excepted from liability to pay, or to
have his liability deferred for, or to be credited with, a
contribution is in question ;
Part II G4
c .38
936 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21
1965 с. 53.
1923 с. 28.
1965 с. 52.
ود
(d ) " employed earner shall be construed in accordance with
section 1( 7) of the Social Security Act and regulations
under Part I of that Act ;
(e ) " the Family Allowances Act " means the Family Allow-
ances Act 1965 ;
( f ) " friendly society " means a society registered as a friendly
society under the Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1971,
being a society which as part of its ordinary business
provides benefits during sickness or other infirmity, or in
old age, or in widowhood, or for orphans, and not being
a collecting society within the meaning of the Industrial
Assurance Act 1923 ;
( g ) " the Industrial Injuries Act " means the National Insur-
ance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 ;
( h ) " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ; and
( j ) " regulations " means regulations made by the Secretary
of State under this Act.
Appeals from
Secretary of
State's
decisions .
1925 с. 49. 65.- (1 ) Any question of law arising in connection with the
determination by the Secretary of State of any question such as is
mentioned in section 84(1) ( a) to (c) or 85(1)(a) or (b) of the Social
Security Act may, if the Secretary of State thinks fit, be referred for
decision to the High Court.
( 2) In the event of the Secretary of State determining in accord-
ance with subsection (1) of this section to refer any question of law
to the High Court, he shall give notice in writing of his intention to do
so-
( a ) in a case where the question arises on an application made
to the Secretary of State, to the applicant ; and
( b ) in any case to such persons as appear to him to be concerned
with the question.
( 3) Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Secretary of State
on any question of law such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this
section which is not referred in accordance with that subsection may
appeal from that decision to the High Court .
(4 ) The Secretary of State shall be entitled to appear and be heard
on any such reference or appeal as aforesaid.
( 5) The provision made by rules of court shall include provision
for regulating references and appeals to the High Court under this
section and for limiting the time within which such appeals may be
brought .
( 6 ) So much of section 63(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature
( Consolidation ) Act 1925 as requires an appeal from any person
to the High Court to be heard and determined by a divisional court
shall not apply to appeals under this section.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 937
( 7 ) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, the decision of the High
SCH. 21
Court on a reference or appeal under this section shall be final,
and on any such reference or appeal the court may order the
Secretary of State to pay the costs of any other person, whether or
not the decision is in that other person's favour and whether or not
the Secretary of State appears on the reference or appeal.
( 8) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a ) for any reference to the High Court there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the Court of Session ;
( b ) subsection (6 ) shall be omitted ;
( c ) for the reference in subsection ( 7 ) to costs there shall be
substituted a reference to expenses.
66.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, on new facts being brought Review of
to his notice, or if he is satisfied that the decision was given in Secretary of
State's
ignorance of, or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact, decisions .
review any decision given by him on any question such as is men-
tioned in section 84(1)(a ) to (c ) or 85(1)(a) or (b) of the Social
Security Act:
Provided that any such decision shall not be reviewed while an
appeal under section 65 of this Act is pending against the decision
of the Secretary of State on a question of law arising in connection
therewith, or before the time for so appealing has expired ; and the
said section 65 shall apply with any necessary modifications to any
case in which a question has been raised with a view to the review
under this subsection of any such decision as aforesaid.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may at any time and from time to time
reconsider the exercise of his discretion with respect to any question
such as is mentioned in section 84(1)(d ) of the Social Security Act and
decide that question again with such other effect as may seem to him
to be proper in the circumstances of the case.
Determination of certain matters by insurance officers, local
tribunals or Commissioner
68.- (1) Insurance officers for the purposes of this Act shall be Submission of
appointed by the Secretary of State, subject to the consent of the claims and questions to
Minister for the Civil Service as to the number, to act for such areas or insurance
otherwise as the Secretary of State directs, and may include officers officers .
of the Department of Employment appointed with the concurrence
of the Secretary of State in charge of that Department.
( 2 ) Any claim for benefit and any question to which section 84(5)
of the Social Security Act applies shall be submitted forthwith to
an insurance officer, who shall take the claim or question into con-
sideration and, so far as practicable, dispose of it in accordance with
this section and any regulations under section 75( 2) of this Act
within fourteen days of its submission to him.
938 Social Security Act 1973
c. 38
SCH. 21
( 3) Subject to section 71 of this Act, the insurance officer may in
the case of any claim or question so submitted to him-
( a ) decide it in favour of the claimant ; or
( b ) decide it adversely to the claimant ; or
( c ) refer it to a local tribunal .
( 4 ) Where an insurance officer refers a case to a local tribunal in
accordance with subsection (3) (c) of this section, notice in writing of
the reference shall be given to the claimant.
( 5 ) Different aspects of the same claim or question may be sub-
mitted to different insurance officers under the foregoing provisions
of this section, and for that purpose those provisions and the other
provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to the determination
of claims and questions shall have effect subject to any necessary
modifications .
Appeals from insurance
69.- (1) Where the insurance officer has decided any claim or
officer to local
question adversely to the claimant, the claimant may appeal to a
tribunal .
local tribunal, and the claimant shall be notified in writing of the
decision and the reasons therefor and of his right of appeal under
this section :
Provided that where any question to which section 84 (1) of the
Social Security Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act
applies has arisen in connection with the decision of the insurance
officer, and has been determined, and the insurance officer certifies
that the decision on that question is the sole ground of his decision,
no appeal shall lie without leave of the chairman of the local
tribunal.
( 2) An appeal against a decision of an insurance officer shall be
brought by giving notice of appeal at a local office within twenty-
one days after the date of that decision or within such further time
as the chairman of the local tribunal may for good cause allow.
( 3) A notice of appeal under this section shall be in writing and
shall contain a statement of the grounds upon which the appeal is
made.
( 4 ) In this and the next following section, the expression " local
office " means any office appointed by the Secretary of State as a
local office for the purposes of the Social Security Act.
Appeals from
local tribunal
to National
Insurance
Commissioner.
70.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an appeal shall lie
to a National Insurance Commissioner from any decision of a local
tribunal at the instance of-
( a ) an insurance officer ;
( b) the claimant ;
( c) an association of employed earners, or any other association
which exists to promote the interests and welfare of its
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 939
members, where in either case-
(i) the claimant at the time of the appeal is a member
of the association and was so immediately before the
question at issue arose ; or
( ii) the question at issue in any way relates to a
deceased person who was a member of the association
at the time of his death.
( 2 ) An appeal to a Commissioner must be brought within three
months from the date of the decision of the local tribunal, or such
further period as a Commissioner may in any case for special
reasons allow, and such an appeal shall be brought by giving notice
in writing in a form approved by the Secretary of State stating the
grounds of the appeal-
( a ) in the case of an appeal by an insurance officer, to the
claimant ; and
( b) in the case of an appeal by the claimant or an association
such as is mentioned in subsection (1)(c) of this section, at a
local office.
SCH. 21
( 4 ) If it appears to a Commissioner that any appeal under this
section involves a question of fact of special difficulty, the Com-
missioner may direct that in dealing with the appeal or any part
thereof he shall have the assistance of an assessor or assessors
specially qualified and selected from a panel appointed for that
purpose.
( 5) A Commissioner may, if he thinks fit , refer any question
arising for his decision to a registered medical practitioner for
examination and report .
70A. Where any question under the Social Security Act ( not being Determination
a question to which section 84(1) of that Act or paragraph 14 of of questions
Schedule 7 to that Act applies) first arises in the course of an appeal first arising
to a local tribunal constituted under section 77 of this Act or a on appeal to
a local tribunal
Commissioner appointed under section 87 of the Social Security or
Act, the tribunal or Commissioner may, if they or he thinks fit, pro- Commissioner.
ceed to determine that question notwithstanding that it has not been
considered by an insurance officer.
71.- (1) If on consideration of any claim or question an insurance Reference of
officer is of opinion that there arises any question to which section special
84(1) of the Social Security Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to questions.
that Act applies, he shall-
(a ) refer the latter question for determination in accordance
( subject to any necessary modifications) with section 84 of
that Act and sections 65 and 66 of this Act or, as the case
may be, paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act ; and
(b ) deal with any other questions as if the questions so referred
had not arisen:
c .38
940 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21
Provided that the insurance officer may-
( i ) postpone the reference of or dealing with any question
until other questions have been determined :
( ii ) in cases where the determination of any question disposes
of a claim or any part thereof , make an award, or decide
that an award cannot be made, as to the claim or that part
thereof without referring or dealing with, or before the
determination of , any other question.
( 2 ) Subsection (1 ) of this section shall apply to a local tribunal
and a Commissioner as it applies to an insurance officer, except
that a local tribunal or a Commissioner, instead of themselves or
himself referring a question in accordance with subsection (1) ( a) of
this section , shall direct it to be so referred by an insurance officer.
Review of
decisions of
insurance
officer, local
tribunal or 72.- (1 ) Any decision under section 84( 5) of the Social Security
Act and sections 68 to 70 of this Act of an insurance officer, a local
tribunal or a National Insurance Commissioner may be reviewed
at any time by an insurance officer or, on a reference from an
Commissioner. insurance officer, by a local tribunal, if-
( a ) he or they is or are satisfied, and , in the case of a decision
of a Commissioner, satisfied by fresh evidence, that the
decision was given in ignorance of, or was based on a
mistake as to, some material fact ; or
( b ) there has been any relevant change of circumstances since
the decision was given ; or
( c ) the decision was based on the decision of any question to
which section 84(1) of the Social Security Act or para-
graph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies and the decision
of that question is revised in accordance with the provisions
of section 66 of this Act or reviewed in accordance with
the provisions of paragraph 15 of that Schedule.
( 2 ) A question may be raised with a view to such a review as
aforesaid by means of an application in writing to an insurance
officer, stating the grounds of the application.
( 3) On receipt of any such application, the insurance officer shall
proceed to deal with or refer any question arising thereon in accor-
dance with the provisions of the sections of the Social Security Act
and this Act referred to in the introductory words of subsection (1) of
this section.
( 4 ) Any decision given on a review under this section, and any
refusal to review a decision under this section , shall be subject to
appeal in like manner as an original decision , and the provisions of
the sections of the Social Security Act and this Act referred to in
the introductory words of subsection (1) of this section shall, subject
to the necessary modifications, apply in relation to any decision given
on such a review as they apply to the original decision of a question.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 941
Regulations as to determination of questions
SCH. 21
73.- ( 1 ) Notwithstanding the proviisons of section 84(1) to ( 5 ) Regulations for
of the Social Security Act and sections 65, 66 and 68 to 72 of this determination ofquestions.
Act but subject to any other provision of this Act or of the Social
Security Act, in the case of any question arising under or in con-
nection with this Act or the Social Security Act, including any claim
for benefit, other than a question such as is mentioned in section
84(1)( d ) of the Social Security Act, provision may be made by
regulations for the determination of that question by the Secretary
of State or by a person or tribunal appointed or constituted in
accordance with the regulations ; and any such regulations may vary
or revoke the provisions of section 84(1) to (5) of the Social Security
Act and sections 65(1) to ( 4), 66 and 68 to 72 and 77 of this Act so
far as they relate to any question to which the regulations relate.
( 2 ) As respects any question as to the right to benefit other than
such a question as is mentioned in section 84(1) of the Social Security
Act and other than a question as to entitlement to a death grant,
regulations under subsection (1) of this section shall not provide for
the determination of that question by the Secretary of State but, sub-
ject to subsection ( 3) of this section, shall provide-
( a ) for the submission of the question in the first instance to an
officer appointed by the Secretary of State ;
(b) for authorising the said officer either himself to determine
the question or to refer it to a local tribunal, and for
enabling an appeal to be brought from the officer's decision
to such a tribunal ;
( c ) for enabling an appeal to be brought from such a tribunal
to, or to a tribunal presided over by, a National Insurance
Commissioner.
( 3) Regulations made by virtue of subsection ( 2 ) of this section
may provide for the submission of different aspects of the same
question to different officers ; and for that purpose paragraphs ( a )
and ( b) of that subsection shall have effect subject to the necessary
modifications.
( 4 ) Regulations under subsection ( 1) of this section may provide
for the reference to the High Court for decision of any question of
law arising in connection with the determination of a question by
the Secretary of State, and for appeals to the High Court from the
decision of the Secretary of State on any such question of law ; and
subsections (5) to ( 8) of section 65 of this Act shall apply to any
reference or appeal under this subsection as they apply to any
reference or appeal under subsections (1) to ( 3) of that section.
( 5 ) In the application of subsection ( 4 ) of this section to Scotland ,
for references to the High Court there shall be substituted references
to the Court of Session.
c. 38
942 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21
Supplementary provisions as to determination
of claims and questions
Supplementary provisions.
75.- (1) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this
Act and of sections 84(1) to ( 5) of the Social Security Act, the
decision of any claim or question in accordance with those pro-
visions, and, subject to the provisions of any regulations under sec-
tion 73 of this Act, the decision of any claim or question in accord-
ance with the provisions of those regulations, shall be final .
(1A ) Subsection ( 1) of this section shall not make any finding of
fact or other determination embodied in or necessary to a decision,
or on which it is based, conclusive for the purpose of any further
decision ; and this subsection applies not only to subsection (1) but
also to provisions of earlier Acts corresponding to that subsection,
and applies as regards the effect to be given in any proceedings to
any decision, whether the decision was given or the proceedings
commenced before or after the passing of the Social Security Act.
( 2) Subject to the other provisions of this Part of this Act, regula-
tions may, in relation to the determination of claims or questions
in accordance with section 84(1) to (5) of the Social Security Act
and sections 65, 66 and 68 to 72 or with regulations under section 73
of this Act, include provision-
( a ) as to the procedure which is to be followed, the form which
is to be used for any document, the evidence which is to
be required and the circumstances in which any official
record or certificate is to be sufficient or conclusive evidence ;
( b ) as to the time to be allowed for making any claim or
appeal, for raising any question with a view to the review
of any decision or for producing any evidence ;
( c ) for summoning persons to attend and give evidence or
produce documents and for authorising the administration of
oaths to witnesses ;
( d ) that in such cases as may be prescribed one or more medical
practitioners shall sit with a local tribunal either as addi-
tional members or as assessors, and for the appointment
by the Secretary of State of medical practitioners to act for
this purpose either generally or for such cases or for such
tribunals as the Secretary of State may determine ;
( e ) for extending and defining the functions of assessors for the
purposes of this Act ;
( f ) for empowering the Secretary of State, a local tribunal or an
insurance officer to refer to a medical practitioner for
examination and report any question arising for his or their
decision ;
( g ) for the non-disclosure to a person of the particulars of any
medical advice or medical evidence given or submitted for
the purposes of the determination of, or of any question
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 943
arming on, any claim if , in the opinion of the prescribed
SCH. 21
authority, being the person or tribunal, or the chairman of
the tribunal, by whom that determination falls to be made,
disclosure of those particulars to that person would be
undesirable in the interests of that person ;
and except so far as it may be applied in relation to England and
Wales by regulations made by virtue of this subsection the Arbitration 1950 c. 27.
Act 1950 shall not apply to any proceedings under section 84(1 ) to (5)
of the Social Security Act and sections 65, 66 and 68 to 73 of this
Act .
( 3) It is hereby declared that the power to prescribe procedure
includes power to make provision as to the representation of one
person , at any hearing of a case, by another person whether having
professional qualifications or not.
76.- ( 1 ) Where any question such as is mentioned in sub- Determination
section ( 3) of this section arises with respect to benefit under Part I ofcertain
questions as to
of the Social Security Act (other than such a question as is mentioned child or
in section 84(1)(d ) thereof), that question shall be determined in family.
accordance with the provisions of section 84( 5) of the Social Security
Act and sections 68 to 73 of this Act in like manner, subject to any
prescribed modifications and adaptions, as a corresponding question
arising in respect of an allowance under the Family Allowances
Act falls to be determined by virtue of section 5( 2) of that Act.
( 2 ) Any decision of any question such as is mentioned in sub-
section (3) (a) to (c ) of this section given under this Part of this Act,
whether given for the purposes of the Social Security Act, the Indus-
trial Injuries Act or the Family Allowances Act, shall have effect
also for the purposes of the others of those Acts.
(3) The questions referred to in subsection (1) and ( 2) of this
section are questions-
( a ) whether any person is or was a child or is or was under
school- leaving age ;
(b) whether any person has or had a family including a child
or children, or is or was a child of some other person's
family ( but not whether a person is to be treated for the
purpose of any provision as having a family including a
child or children or as being a child of some other person's
family ) ;
( c ) whether any person could have been treated under paragraph
3 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances Act as, or but
for certain facts would have been, or could have been treated
as aforesaid as, a child of any other person's family ;
( d ) whether, for the purposes of the payment to a beneficiary
of any benefit in respect of a child, the child in question is
living with the beneficiary.
c .38
944 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21
Provisions as to local tribunals, Commissioners, etc.
Constitution of
77.- (1 ) A local tribunal for the purposes of section 84(5) of the
local tribunals. Social Security Act and sections 68 to 72 of this Act shall consist
of-
( a ) one member drawn from a panel composed of persons
representing employers and persons representing earners
other than employed earners ;
( b ) one member drawn from a panel of persons representing
employed earners ;
( c ) a person appointed by the Secretary of State to act as
chairman .
( 2 ) The panels referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall
be constituted by the Secretary of State for the whole of Great
Britain, and each panel shall relate to such area as the Secretary
of State thinks fit , and be composed of such persons as the Secretary
of State sees fit to appoint.
( 3) Before appointing members to either of the panels, the
Secretary of State may take into consideration any recommenda-
tions from any local committee representing employers or employed
earners or both, or from organisations concerned with the interests
of employers or employed earners, including friendly societies or
organisations representative of friendly societies.
( 4 ) The members of the panels shall hold office for such period
as the Secretary of State may direct :
Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time terminate
the appointment of any member of a panel.
( 5 ) So far as practicable, each member of a panel shall be sum-
moned to serve in turn upon a local tribunal :
Provided that-
( a ) no member of a panel shall sit upon a local tribunal during
the consideration of a case-
(i ) in which he appears as the representative of the
claimant ; or
(ii ) by which he is or may be directly affected ; or
(iii ) in which he has taken any part as an official of
an association , or as an employer, or as a witness, or as
a person to whom any question arising thereon has been
referred for examination and report in accordance with
section 84(4) of the Social Security Act or with regulations
under section 73( 1) ofthis Act or otherwise ;
( b) where the benefit claimed is unemployment benefit, the
member chosen from the first panel shall , if practicable, be
arepresentative of employers ; and
( c ) inany case in which the claimant is a woman, at least one
of the members of the tribunal, if practicable, shall be a
woman.
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 945
( 6 ) Any case may, with the consent of the claimant but not other-
wise , be proceeded with in the absence of any member of the local
tribunal other than the chairman, and in any such case the tribunal
shall be deemed to be properly constituted and the chairman shall,
if the number of the members of the tribunal is an even number,
have a second or casting vote.
( 7 ) Aperson appointed to act as chairman of a local tribunal shall
hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of his letter of
appointment.
( 8) Where several persons are appointed to act as chairmen for a
particular area they shall as far as practicable be invited to preside
over a tribunal in turn:
Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a person expressly
appointed to serve as a substitute when some other person may be
unwilling or unable to act.
SCH. 21
79.- (1) Without prejudice to the pension benefits conferred by the Pension benefits
Administration of Justice ( Pensions) Act 1950, the Secretary of State of Commissioners.
may from time to time recommend to the Minister for the Civil 1950 с. 11.
Service that there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament ( 14& 15
to a National Insurance Commissioner an annual sum by way of Geo. 6.)
superannuation allowance calculated in accordance with Schedule 6
to this Act if either-
( a ) he is at the time of his retirement over the age of seventy- two
or, where he retires after fifteen years' service, the age of
sixty-five ; or
( b ) the Secretary of State is satisfied by means of a medical
certificate that at the time of his retirement he is, by reason
of infirmity of mind or body, incapable of discharging the
duties of his office and that the incapacity is likely to be
permanent.
( 2 ) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection and the said
Schedule 6-
(a ) service as National Insurance Commissioner which is not
remunerated by means of a salary shall be disregarded ;
( c ) the Minister for the Civil Service may by regulations pro-
vide for counting as service as National Insurance Commis-
sioner pensionable service in any other capacity under the
Crown.
( 3 ) The decision of the Minister for the Civil Service shall be
final on any question arising as to-
( a ) the amount of any superannuation allowance under this
section; or
( b) the reckoning of any service for the purpose of calculating
such an allowance .
c . 38
946 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21
( 4) Where the rate of the superannuation allowance payable to
any person under subsection (1) of this section as National Insurance
Commissioner is or would be increased by virtue of regulations
made under subsection (2) (c ) of this section in respect of service in
some other capacity, and a pension payable to him wholly in respect
of service in that other capacity would have been paid and borne
otherwise than out of moneys provided by Parliament , any pension
benefits paid to or in respect of him as having been Commissioner
shall, to such extent as the Minister for the Civil Service may
determine, having regard to the relative length of service and rate
of remuneration in each capacity, be paid and borne in like manner
as that in which a pension payable to him wholly in respect of
service in that other capacity would have been paid and borne.
( 5 ) In this section, the expression " pension " includes any
superannuation or other retiring allowance or gratuity, and the
expression " pensionable " shall be construed accordingly, and the
expression " pension benefits " includes benefits payable on retire-
ment or death by way of lump sum or gratuity, and benefits payable
in respect of a person's service or employment to other persons by
way of widow's or orphan's pension or otherwise.
Remuneration
80.- (1) The Secretary of State shall pay to a National Insur-
andexpenses of Commissioners
ance Commissioner such salary or other remuneration as the Minister
and other
for the Civil Service may determine and such expenses incurred in
persons.
connection with the work of a Commissioner or any tribunal
presided over by a Commissioner as may be so determined.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may pay-
( a ) to any other person appointed under the foregoing pro-
visions of this Part of this Act to determine questions or
as a member of or assessor to any tribunal constituted
under those provisions, such remuneration and such
travelling and other allowances,
( b ) to any person required to attend at any proceedings under
this Part of this Act, such travelling and other allowances,
and
( c ) such other expenses in connection with the work of any
person or tribunal appointed or constituted under any pro-
vision of this Part of this Act (other than a tribunal
presided over by a Commissioner),
as the Secretary of State with the consent of the Minister for the
Civil Service may determine.
( 3) The Secretary of State may pay to any person required under
this Act (whether for the purposes of this Act, the Social Security Act
or otherwise) to attend for or to submit himself to medical or other
examination or treatment such travelling and other allowances as
the Secretary of State with the consent of the Minister for the Civil
Service may determine.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 947
( 4 ) In this section references to travelling and other allowances
include references to compensation for loss of remunerative time :
Provided that such compensation shall not be paid to any person
in respect of any time during which he is in receipt of remuneration
under this section .
SCH. 21
81.- (1) Where benefit is or has been paid in pursuance of a Recovery of
decision which is reversed or varied on appeal, or is revised on a benefit wrongly
review, then, subject to subsection ( 2) of this section, the decision paid, interim payments of
given on the appeal or review shall require repayment to the Secre- benefit, and
tary of State of any benefit which was paid in pursuance of the arrears.
original decision to the extent to which it-
( a ) would not have been payable if the decision on the appeal
or review had been given in the first instance ; and
( b ) is not directed to be treated as paid on account of the
benefit awarded by the decision on appeal or review, or
as having been properly paid.
(1A ) Any sums repaid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of
subsection ( 1) above shall—
( a ) be paid by him into the Consolidated Fund insofar as they
represent benefit which under section 46( 1)(a) of the Social
Security Act is not payable out of the National Insurance
Fund ; and
( b) otherwise, be paid by him into the last-mentioned Fund.
( 2) A decision given on appeal or review shall not require repay-
ment of benefit paid in pursuance of the original decision in any
case where it is shown to the satisfaction of the person or tribunal
determining the appeal or review that in the obtaining and receipt
of the benefit the beneficiary, and any person acting for him, has
throughout used due care and diligence to avoid overpayment.
( 3 ) Regulations may make provision as respects matters arising-
( a ) pending the determination under this Act ( whether in the
first instance or on an appeal or reference, and whether
originally or on review ) of any claim for benefit or of any
question affecting any person's right to benefit or to the
receipt thereof or any person's liability for contributions
under Part I of the Social Security Act or contributions or
premiums under Part III of that Act ; or
( b ) out of the revision on appeal or review of any decision
under this Act on any such claim or question.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 3) of this
section, regulations thereunder may include provision-
(a ) as to the date from which any decision on a review is to
have effect or to be deemed to have had effect ;
( b) for treating any benefit paid to any person under an award,
or by virtue of any provision of the regulations, which it is
c . 38
948 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 21 subsequently decided was not payable, as properly paid or
as paid on account of any other benefit which it is decided
was payable to him, or for the repayment of any such
benefit and the recovery thereof by deduction from other
benefit or otherwise ;
( c ) modifying subsections (1) and ( 2) of this section in relation
to sums paid by way of benefit in respect of a child of the
family of a man and his wife living together where those
sums would have been receivable, if properly paid, by
either the man or the wife ;
(d ) making any such provision for the recovery of sums paid by
way of benefit and required to be repaid by virtue of sub-
section (1) of this section as is authorised to be made in a
case where repayment is required by the regulations.
( 6 ) Where, in the case of any person , any sum may by virtue of
regulations under subsection ( 3) of this section be recovered by
deduction from benefit it may instead be recovered from him in
whole or in part by deduction from any payment under the Industrial
Injuries Act.
Section 88. SCHEDULE 22
MISCELLANEOUS ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS
PART I
INSPECTORS
1. An inspector appointed under section 88 of this Act shall, for
the purposes of the execution of this Act, have the following powers-
( a ) to enter at all reasonable times any premises or place liable
to inspection under this Part of this Schedule ;
( b) to make such examination and inquiry as may be necessary
for ascertaining whether the provisions of this Act or any
enactment thereby repealed are being, or have been, com-
plied with in any such premises or place ;
( c ) to examine, either alone or in the presence of any other
person , as he thinks fit, in relation to any matters under this
Act or any enactment thereby repealed on which he may
reasonably require information, every person whom he finds
in any such premises or place, or whom he has reasonable
cause to believe to be or to have been a person liable to
pay contributions or a premium under this Act or any
enactment thereby repealed, and to require every such
person to be so examined ;
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 949
( d ) to exercise such other powers as may be necessary for carry- ing this Act into effect .
2.- (1 ) In accordance with this paragraph, persons shall furnish
to an inspector all such information, and produce for his inspection
all such documents, as he may reasonably require for the purpose of
ascertaining-
( a ) whether any contributions or premiums are or have been
payable, or have been duly paid, by or in respect of any
person ; or
( b) whether benefit is or was payable to or in respect of any
person.
( 2 ) The following persons are under the duty imposed by sub-
paragraph (1) above-
( a ) the occupier of any premises or place liable to inspection
under this Part of this Schedule ;
( b ) any person who is or has been employing another ;
( c ) any person carrying on an agency or other business for
the introduction or supply to persons requiring them
of persons available to do work or perform services ;
( d ) the servants or agents of any such person as is specified
in sub-paragraph (a ), ( b) or (c) above ; and
( e ) any person who is or has been liable to pay contributions
or a premium under this Act.
SCH. 22
3. In this Part of this Schedule references to contributions include
reserve scheme, as well as basic scheme, contributions ; and
" premium " means a reserve scheme premium.
4.- (1 ) If any person-
( a ) wilfully delays or obstructs an inspector in the exercise of
any power under this Part of this Schedule ; or
( b) refuses or neglects to answer any question or to furnish any
information or to produce any document when required
so to do under this Part of this Schedule ;
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under sub-
paragraph ( 1) (b) above and the refusal or neglect is continued by
him after his conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £10 for each
day on which it is so continued.
( 3) No one shall be required under this Part of this Schedule to
answer any questions or to give any evidence tending to incriminate
himself or, in the case of a person who is married , his or her wife
orhusband.
950 Social Security Act 1973
c. 38
SCH. 22 5. Every inspector shall be furnished with a certificate of his
appointment, and on applying for admission to any premises or place
for the purposes of this Act shall, if so required , produce the said
certificate.
6. The premises and places liable to inspection under this Part of
this Schedule are any premises or places where an inspector appointed
under this Act has reasonable ground for supposing that-
( a ) any persons are employed ;
( b) there is being carried on any agency or other business for
the introduction or supply to persons requiring them of
persons available to do work or to perform services ;
except that they do not include any private dwelling-house not used
by or by permission of the occupier for the purposes of a trade or
business.
7. Where any premises or place are or is liable to be inspected by
an inspector or officer appointed or employed by, or are or is under
the control of, some other government department, the Secretary of
State may make arrangements with that department for any of the
powers or duties of inspectors under this Part of this Schedule to be
carried out by an inspector or officer employed by that department,
and, where such an arrangement is made, such inspectors or officers
shall have all the powers of an inspector under this Part of this
Schedule.
1953 с. 37.
PART II
PROVISIONS RELATING TO AGE, MARRIAGE,
DEATH AND FURNISHING OF ADDRESSES
Information as to age, marriage or death
8. Regulations made by the Registrar General under section 20
of the Registration Service Act 1953 may provide for the furnishing
by superintendent registrars, and registrars, subject to the payment
of such fee as may be prescribed by the regulations, of such informa-
tion for the purposes of this Act, including copies or extracts from
the registers in their custody, as may be so prescribed.
9. Where the age, marriage or death of a person is required to
be ascertained or proved for the purposes of this Act, any person
shall-
( a ) on presenting to the custodian of the register under the
enactments relating to the registration of births, marriages
and deaths, wherein particulars of the birth, marriage or
death, as the case may be, of the first- mentioned person
are entered, a duly completed requisition in writing in
that behalf ; and
(b ) on payment of a fee of 15 pence ;
be entitled to obtain a copy, certified under the hand of the custodian,
of the entry of those particulars.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 951
10. Requisitions for the purposes of paragraph 9 above shall be
SCH. 22
in such form and contain such particulars as may from time to
time be specified by the Registrar General, and suitable forms thereof
shall, on request, be supplied without charge by every superintendent
registrar and registrar.
11. In the application of this Part of this Schedule to England and
Wales, the expression " Registrar General " means the Registrar
General for England and Wales, and the expressions " superintendent
registrar " and " registrar " mean a superintendent registrar or, as
the case may be, registrar for the purposes of the enactments relating
to the registration of births, deaths and marriages ; and in the
application of this Part of this Schedule to Scotland-
( a ) the expression " Registrar General " means the Registrar
General of Births, Deaths and Marriages for Scotland ;
(b ) for the reference in paragraph 8 to section 20 of the
Registration Service Act 1953 there shall be substituted a 1953 c. 37.
reference to section 54 of the Registration of Births, Deaths 1965 c. 49.
and Marriages ( Scotland ) Act 1965 ;
(c ) references to a superintendent registrar shall be omitted ;
( d ) the expression " registrar " means a district registrar, senior
registrar or assistant registrar for the purposes of the
enactments relating to the registration of births, deaths and
marriages in Scotland.
12. Paragraphs 9 to 11 above ( except paragraph 11(b) ) shall apply
for the purposes of the Industrial Injuries Act as they apply for the
purposes of this Act.
Furnishing of addresses for maintenance proceedings, etc.
13 .- (1 ) The Secretary of State may incur expenses for the purpose
of furnishing the address at which a man or woman is recorded
by him as residing, where the address is required for the purpose of
taking or carrying on legal proceedings to obtain or enforce an
order for the making by the man or woman of payments-
(a ) for the maintenance of the man's wife or former wife, or
the woman's husband or former husband ; or
( b) for the maintenance or education of any person as being the
son or daughter of the man or his wife or former wife, or
of the woman or her husband or former husband.
( 2) In sub-paragraph (1)( b) above " son or daughter " includes a
son or daughter by adoption and an illegitimate son or daughter.
Treatment of certain marriages
14. Regulations may provide-
( a ) for a voidable marriage which has been annulled, whether
before or after the date when the regulations come into
force, to be treated for the purposes of such provisions
of, or of any regulations under, this Act, subject to such
exceptions or conditions as may be prescribed, as if it had
been a valid marriage which was terminated by divorce at
the date of annulment ;
c . 38
952 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 22
( b ) for the purposes of this Act, the Industrial Injuries Act or
the Family Allowances Act, as to the circumstances in which
a marriage celebrated under a law which permits polygamy
is to be treated as having the same consequences as a mar-
riage celebrated under a law which does not ;
and regulations made for the purposes of sub-paragraph (b) above
may make different provision in relation to different purposes and
circumstances.
PART III
AMENDMENTS OF INDUSTRIAL INJURIES ACT, SECTION 64
15. In section 64 of the Industrial Injuries Act , in subsection ( 4),
for the words after paragraph (b) substitute the following-
" he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more
than £50.
( 5 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence under subsection
( 4 )(b) of this section, and the refusal or neglect is continued
by him after his conviction, he shall be guilty of a further
offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceed-
ing £10 for each day on which it is so continued.
( 5A ) No one shall be required under this section to answer
any questions or to give any evidence tending to incriminate
himself or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her
wife or husband. "
Section 92( 4).
SCHEDULE 23
PROCEEDINGS
General provisions as to prosecutions
1. Proceedings in England or Wales for an offence under this Act
shall not be instituted except by or with the consent of the Secretary
of State or by an inspector or other officer authorised for that pur-
pose by special or general directions of the Secretary of State.
2. Any inspector or other officer so authorised may, although not
of counsel or a solicitor, prosecute or conduct before a magistrates'
court any proceedings for such an offence.
3.- (1) Notwithstanding any enactment prescribing the period
within which summary proceedings may be commenced, proceedings
for an offence under this Act may be commenced at any time within
the period of 3 months from the date on which evidence, sufficient in
the opinion of the Secretary of State to justify a prosecution for the
offence, comes to his knowledge, or within the period of 12 months
after the commission of the offence, whichever period last expires.
( 2 ) For the purposes of sub -paragraph (1) above, a certificate pur-
porting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State as to
the date on which the evidence referred to in that paragraph came to
his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence of the date on which
itdid so.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 953
( 3 ) In relation to Scotland, for sub- paragraph (1) above there
SCH. 23
shall be substituted the following sub- paragraph-
" (1) Proceedings for an offence under this Act may be
commenced at any time within the period of 3 months from
the date on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of State to justify a report to the Lord Advocate with a view
to consideration of the question of prosecution comes to the
knowledge of the Secretary of State, or within the period of 12
months after the commission of the offence, whichever period
last expires ; and section 23( 2) of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scot- 1954 с. 48.
land ) Act 1954 (time limits) shall apply for the purposes of this
sub-paragraph as it applies for the purposes of that section."
4. In proceedings for an offence under this Act, the wife or
husband of the accused shall be competent to give evidence, whether
for or against the accused :
Provided that the wife or husband shall not be compellable either
to give evidence or, in giving evidence, to disclose any communica-
tion made to her or him by the accused during the marriage.
Evidence
5.- (1) As respects any period during which, under regulations
made by virtue of paragraph 5(1) of Schedule 1 to this Act, basic
scheme or reserve scheme contributions fall to be paid in like manner
as income tax, a certificate of a collector of taxes that any amount
by way of contributions which a person is liable to pay to that
collector for any period has not been paid to him, or, to the best of his
knowledge and belief, to any other person to whom it might lawfully
be paid, shall, until the contrary is proved , be sufficient evidence in
any proceedings before any court that the sum mentioned in the
certificate is unpaid and due ; and any document purporting to be
such a certificate as aforesaid shall be deemed to be such certificate
until the contrary is proved.
( 2 ) A statutory declaration by an officer of the Secretary of State
that the searches specified in the declaration for a particular contribu-
tion card or for a record of the payment of a particular contribution
have been made and that the card in question or a record of the
payment of the contribution in question has not been found shall be
admissible in any proceedings for an offence as evidence of the facts
stated in the declaration.
( 3) Nothing in sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall be deemed to make a
statutory declaration admissible as evidence in proceedings for an
offence except in a case where, and to the extent to which, oral
evidence to the like effect would have been admissible in those
proceedings.
( 4 ) Nothing in sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) above shall be deemed
to make a statutory declaration admissible as evidence in proceedings
for an offence-
( a ) unless a copy thereof has, not less than 7 days before the
hearing or trial, been served on the person charged with the
offence in any manner in which a summons or, in Scotland,
a citation in a summary prosecution may be served ; or
c. 38
954 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 23
1891 с. 38.
( b) if that person, not later than 3 days before the hearing or
trial or within such further time as the court may in special
circumstances allow, gives notice to the prosecutor requiring
the attendance at the trial of the person by whom the
declaration was made.
6. Where an offence under this Act which has been committed by
a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent
or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of ,
a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body cor-
porate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity,
he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and
be liable to be proceeded against accordingly.
Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members,
this paragraph shall apply in relation to the acts and defaults of a
member in connection with his functions of management as if he
were a director of the body corporate.
Recovery of contributions etc. on prosecution
7. Where a person has been convicted of the offence under section
92(1 ) of this Act of failing to pay a contribution or premium at or
within the time prescribed for the purpose and the contribution or
premium remains unpaid at the date of the conviction, he shall be
liable to pay to the Secretary of State a sum equal to the amount
which he failed to pay.
8. In any case where-
( a ) a person is convicted of an offence under section 92(2)(b) of
this Act, or of an offence under section 13 of the Stamp
Duties Management Act 1891 as applied by regulations
made under paragraph 6(3) of Schedule 1 to this Act, or of
an offence of contravening or failing to comply with regu-
lations made under this Act ; and
(b) the evidence on which he is convicted shows that he, for the
purpose of paying any contribution which he was liable or
entitled to pay, has affixed to any contribution card any
used contribution stamp ; and
(c ) the contribution (not being a Class 3 contribution ) in respect
of which the stamp was affixed remains unpaid at the date
of the conviction,
he shall be liable to pay to the Secretary of State a sum equal to
the amount of the contribution.
9.- (1) Subject to and in accordance with the following sub-
paragraphs, where a person is convicted of an offence mentioned in
paragraph 7 or 8(a) above, evidence may be given of any previous
failure by him to pay contributions or premiums under this Act
within the time prescribed for the purpose ; and in those sub-
paragraphs " the conviction " and " the offence " mean respectively
the conviction referred to in this sub-paragraph and the offence of
which the person is convicted.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 955
( 2) Such evidence may be given only if notice of intention to give it is served with the summons or warrant or, in Scotland, the com-
plaint on which the person appeared before the court which convicted
him.
( 3) If the offence is one of failure to pay a Class 1 contribution,
a reserve scheme contribution or a reserve scheme premium, evidence
may be given of failure on his part to pay ( whether or not in
respect of the same person) such contributions or premiums during
the 2 years preceding the date of the offence.
( 4 ) If the offence is one of failure to pay Class 2 contributions
or is one of those mentioned in paragraph 8( a ), evidence may be
given of his failure to pay such contributions during those 2 years .
( 5 ) On proof of any matter of which evidence may be given
under sub-paragraph ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) above, the person convicted shall be
liable to pay to the Secretary of State a sum equal to the total of
all amounts ( whether contributions, premiums or both) which he is
so proved to have failed to pay and which remain unpaid at the
date of the conviction.
SCH. 23
10.- (1 ) Where in England and Wales a person charged with such
an offence as is mentioned in paragraph 7 or 8(a) above is convicted
of that offence in his absence under section 1( 2 ) of the Magistrates'
Courts Act 1957, then if-
1957 с. 29.
( a ) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in
the prescribed manner, that notice under paragraph 9( 2)
above has been duly served specifying the other contribu-
tions or premiums in respect of which the prosecutor intends
to give evidence ; and
( b ) the clerk of the court has received a statement in writing
purporting to be made by the accused or by a solicitor
acting on his behalf to the effect that if the accused is
convicted in his absence of the offence charged he desires
to admit failing to pay the other contributions or premiums
so specified or any of them,
paragraph 9 above shall have effect as if the evidence had been
given and the failure so admitted had been proved, and the court
shall proceed accordingly.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above " prescribed " means prescribed by
rules made under section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949.
1949 с. 101.
11.- (1 ) In England and Wales, where a person is convicted
of any such offence as is mentioned in paragraph 7 or 8( a) above,
and an order is made under Part I of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 c. 58.
1948 placing the offender on probation or discharging him absolutely
or conditionally, paragraphs 7 to 10 above shall apply as if it
were a conviction for all purposes.
( 2 ) In Scotland, where a person is convicted on indictment of,
or is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with, any
such offence, and an order is made under Part I of the Criminal 1949 c. 49.
c. 38
956 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 23 Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1949 discharging him absolutely or placing
him on probation, paragraphs 7 to 9 above shall apply as if-
( a ) the conviction on indictment were a conviction for all
purposes ; or
(b ) as the case may be, the making of the order by the court
of summary jurisdiction were a conviction.
12. Where a body corporate fails to pay any sum which it is
liable to pay under paragraphs 7 to 10 above, that sum ( or such
part of it as remains unpaid ) shall be a debt due to the Secretary
of State jointly and severally from any directors of the body corporate
who knew, or could reasonably be expected to have known, of the
failure to pay the contributions or premiums in question.
13. In England and Wales, any sum which a person is liable to
pay under those paragraphs shall be recoverable from him as a
penalty .
14.- (1 ) The following sub- paragraphs apply with respect to sums
recovered by the Secretary of State under paragraphs 7 to 13 above .
( 2 ) In so far as those sums represent basic scheme contributions
of any class, they are to be treated for all purposes of Part I of
this Act (including in particular the Treasury supplements and the
application of section 44 ) as contributions of that class received by
the Secretary of State under that Part.
( 3 ) In so far as those sums represent reserve scheme contributions
or premiums, they are to be treated for all purposes of Part III of
this Act ( including in particular the application of sections 74 and 79)
as contributions and premiums paid to the Secretary of State under
that Part.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3 ) above, those
sums, in so far as they represent-
( a ) primary Class 1 or Class 2 contributions ; or
( b ) primary or secondary reserve scheme contributions ; or
( c ) reserve scheme premiums,
are to be treated as being contributions or ( as the case may be )
premiums paid in respect of the person in respect of whom they
were originally payable ; and provisions of this Act relating to
earnings factors and the entitlement of that person to reserve scheme
pension and the rate of pension shall apply accordingly.
Interpretation.
15.- (1) In this Schedule " contribution card " means any card
issued under regulations for the purpose of payment of contributions
by affixing contribution stamps thereto.
( 2 ) In any proceedings under section 92( 2) of this Act with respect
to used stamps, a stamp shall be deemed to have been used if it has
been affixed to a contribution card or cancelled or defaced in any
way whatsoever and whether it has actually been used for the
purpose of payment of a contribution or not.
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 957
SCHEDULE 24
Section 93 (1),
( 3), (5).
PRIORITY OF DEBTS IN CASES OF PERSONAL
AND COMPANY INSOLVENCY
1.- (1) The relevant enactments relating to personal insolvency
are the following-
( a ) section 33 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 ;
1914 с. 59.
( b ) section 118 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 ; and 1913 c. 20.
( c ) the Preferential Payments ( Bankruptcies and Arrangements)
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
1964 c. 32 ( Ν.Ι.).
( 2 ) For the operation of these enactments, " the relevant event "
in section 93( 2) is to be construed as follows-
( a ) inEngland and Wales, it means the receiving order or death ;
(b ) in Scotland, it means the award of sequestration or death,
or the concourse of diligence for distribution of the estate
of a party being notour bankrupt ; and
( c ) in Northern Ireland, it means the order of adjudication or
the filing of the petition of arrangement, or the death.
2 .- (1) The relevant enactments relating to companies ' winding-
up are the following-
( a ) section 319 of the Companies Act 1948 ; and
1948 с. 38.
( b ) section 287 of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960 ; 1960 c. 22 ( N.I.).
but no priority under these enactments is extended by section 93(1)
where a company is being wound up voluntarily merely for the
purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation with another company.
(2 ) For the operation of these enactments, " the relevant event "
in section 93 ( 2) is to be construed as follows-
( a ) where the company is wound up compulsorily-
(i ) if it had previously commenced to be wound up
voluntarily, " the relevant event " means the passing of
the winding-up resolution, and
(ii ) otherwise, it means the appointment ( or first
appointment ) of a provisional liquidator or, in the absence
of such an appointment, the making of the winding-up
order ;
( b ) in any other case, " the relevant event " means the passing
of the winding-up resolution.
3.- (1) The relevant enactments relating to the remedies of
debenture holders and chargees are the following-
( a ) section 94 of the Companies Act 1948 ;
(b ) section 19 of the Companies ( Floating Charges and Receivers) 1972 c. 67.
( Scotland ) Act 1972 ; and
( c ) section 92 of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960.
( 2 ) For the operation of these enactments, " the relevant event "
in section 93( 2) is to be construed as follows-
( a ) where a receiver is appointed on behalf of debenture
holders or by or on the application of the holders of a
floating charge, it means that appointment ; and
c. 38
958 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 24
Section 95
( 2), ( 4 ).
1971 с. 50.
S.R. & O.
( Ν.Ι. )1971
No. 224.
( b ) where possession of any property is taken by or on behalf
of debenture holders or the holders of a floating charge,
it means that taking of possession.
SCHEDULE 25
ADAPTATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF PART IV FOR
NORTHERN IRELAND
PART I
ADAPTATION OF SECTIONS 84, 88, 92, 94, 96 AND 99, AND
SCHEDULES 22, 23 AND 26
Introductory
1. In the provisions of this Act which are extended to Northern
Ireland by section 95( 2), there shall be made the adaptations pro-
vided for by this Part of this Schedule.
General adaptation of references
2.(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this
Schedule, for any reference such as is specified in column 1 of the
Table set out in paragraph 2 of Schedule 13 there shall be substituted
the reference specified in column 2 of that Table .
( 2) In the application of that Table for the purposes of this Part of
this Schedule, in column 1 of the Table-
( a ) for the words in brackets following the reference to the
Secretary of State there shall be substituted the words
except in section 96(6) and section 99( 3) ","
(b ) for the words in brackets following the reference to the
Treasury, from " except " to " section 44 ( 4) there shall be
substituted the words " except in section 96(6) " .
Adaptation of particular provisions
3. In section 84( 5) for " sections 68 to 72 " substitute " sections
67 to 71 " .
4. In section 88-
( a ) in subsection (1) for " section 90( 2) to ( 8) " substitute
" section 86( 2) to (8) " ;
( b) in subsection (2)—
(i) omit " 91 " and paragraph (a) ,
(ii) for " sections 112 and 113 " substitute " sections
104 and 105 ", and
(iii ) for " section 12 of the National Insurance Act
1971 " substitute " Article 12 of the Social Services
( Parity ) Order ( Northern Ireland) 1971 " ; and
( c ) in subsection ( 3), for " section 64 " substitute " section 60 ".
5. In section 92-
( a ) in subsection ( 4 )
(i ) for " sections 94 and 95 " substitute " sections 90 and
91 ", and
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 959
( ii ) for " the National Insurance Act 1966 " substitute
SCH. 25
" the National Insurance ( No. 2 ) Act (Northern Ireland )
1966 " ; and
( b ) in subsection ( 5 ) for " section 65 " substitute " section 64 ".
6. In section 94-
( a ) In subsection ( 6 ) for " section 56(1) " substitute " section
54 ( 1)";
(b ) in subsection ( 7) for " schemes " substitute " regulations " ;
( c ) in subsection (10) -
(i ) for " sections 46 and 47" substitute " sections 45
and 46" ;
(ii ) for " section 82(2) " substitute " section 77(2) ", and
(iii ) for " section 82(1) " substitute " section 77(1) ".
7. Section 96(6 ) shall apply to regulations and orders which under
this Act or Part IV of the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 c. 6 (Ν.Ι.) .
1966 can be made by the Northern Ireland Ministry as if the
reference in that subsection to the Secretary of State or the Joint
Authority were a reference to that Ministry and the references to
the Treasury were references to the Ministry of Finance ; and in
its application to regulations or orders made otherwise than by that
Ministry that subsection shall have effect as if the words " (other
than paragraph 4 of Schedule 10 ) or of Part IV of the former principal
Act " were omitted.
8. In section 99 there shall be made the adaptations specified in
paragraph 14 of Schedule 13.
9. In Part III of Schedule 22, for " section 64 " substitute " section
60" and after " in subsection ( 4 ) " insert " in paragraph (b) , for
" fails " substitute " refuses or neglects " and ".
10. In Schedule 23-
( a ) in paragraph 1 omit " in England or Wales " ;
( b) in paragraph 3-
( i) in sub-paragraph (2) for " or on behalf " substitute
" the Northern Ireland Minister or a secretary or assistant
secretary ", and for " his knowledge " substitute " the
knowledge of the Northern Ireland Ministry ", and
(ii) omit sub- paragraph (3) ;
66
( c) in paragraph 5(4)(a) omit or, in Scotland, a citation " ;
( d ) in paragraph ( 2) omit " or, in Scotland, the complaint " ;
(e ) omit paragraph 10 ;
( f ) for paragraph 11 substitute-
" 11. Where a person is convicted of any such offence
as is mentioned in paragraph 7 or 8(a ) above, and an
order is made under Probation Act ( Northern Ireland) 1950 c. 7 (N.I. ) .
1950 placing the offender on probation or discharging him
absolutely or conditionally, paragraphs 7 to 9 above shall
apply as if the conviction were a conviction for all
purposes. " ;
c . 38
960 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 25 ( g ) in paragraph 12 for " paragraphs 7 to 10" substitute
paragraphs 7 to 9 " ;"
( h ) in paragraph 13 omit " In England and Wales ".
1946 с. 67.
1946 c. 23 (Ν.Ι.).
11. In Schedule 26-
( a ) in paragraph 2 (2) for " the National Insurance Act 1946 "
substitute " the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland )
1946 " ;
1965 с. 62.
1965 c. 19 ( Ν.Ι.) .
( b ) in paragraph 3( 2) ( a ) for " section 27 of the Redundancy
Payments Act 1965 " substitute " section 37 of the Con-
tracts of Employment and Redundancy Payments Act
( Northern Ireland) 1965 ";
( c ) in paragraph 5 for " Schedule 11 " substitute " Schedule 9 " ;
( d ) in paragraph 6-
( i ) in sub-paragraph (1) for the words from "the
Secretary of State " to " respectively " substitute " the
Northern Ireland Ministry considers appropriate for
facilitating the introduction of the basic scheme
established by Part I of this Act or the Secretary of State
considers appropriate for facilitating the introduction of
the reserve pension scheme established by Part III of
this Act ;
(ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 2 )(c) for " the Secretary of State "
substitute " the Northern Ireland Ministry or as the case
may be the Secretary of State " ;
(e ) in paragraph 7-
( i) in sub-paragraph ( a ) for " 105 " substitute " 99 " ;
(ii ) in sub-paragraph (b) for " 84 " substitute " 79
"
and omit " and any regulations having effect by virtue of
section 22( 2) of the Family Allowances Act ".
1966 c. 6 (N.Ι. ) .
PART II
PROVISIONS APPLYING TO NORTHERN IRELAND IN PLACE OF SECTIONS
84( 6), 87 AND 91 OR SUPPLEMENTARY TO SECTION 97
Amendments of Part IV of the National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966
12. Part IV of the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966
( determination of claims and questions), so far as it remains in force,
shall be amended as shown in Part III of this Schedule and, as so
amended and with the repeals effected by this Act, shall have effect
as set out in Part IV of this Schedule.
National Insurance Commissioners
13 .- (1) For the purposes of section 84 of this Act , Part IV of
the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 and Part III
1966 c. 9 (N.I.). of the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966, Her Majesty may from time to time appoint for
Northern Ireland, from among persons who are barristers of not
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 961
less than 10 years' standing, a Chief National Insurance Commis-
SCH . 25
sioner and such number of other National Insurance Commissioners
as Her Majesty may think fit .
( 2 ) If it appears to the Chief National Insurance Commissioner
( or, in the case of his inability to act, to such other of the National
Insurance Commissioners as the Chief National Insurance Commis-
sioner may have nominated to act for the purpose ) that any appeal
falling to be heard by one of those Commissioners involves a
question of law of special difficulty, he may direct that the appeal
shall be dealt with, not by that Commissioner alone, but by a
tribunal consisting of any two or three of those Commissioners,
and if the decision of any such tribunal is not unanimous, the decision
of the majority, or, in the case of a tribunal consisting of two
Commissioners, the decision of the presiding member, shall be
the decision of the tribunal.
( 3) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act
to, or falling to be construed as a reference to, a National Insurance
Commissioner shall, for Northern Ireland, be construed as a refer-
ence to a Commissioner appointed under this paragraph and any
reference in this Act, the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966 or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern 1966 c. 6 ( Ν.Ι. ) .
Ireland ) 1966 to, or falling to be construed as a reference to, a 1966 c. 9 ( N.I.) .
Commissioner appointed under this paragraph shall include a
reference to any tribunal constituted under sub-paragraph (2) above .
Information to be given to employees
14.-(1) Every statement given to an employee under section
4( 1) of the Contracts of Employment and Redundancy Payments 1965 c. 19 (N.I. ).
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1965 (particulars as to terms of employment,
etc.) after the appointed day shall contain a note stating-
(a ) whether, for the employment in respect of which the state-
ment is given, a recognition certificate is in force ;
( b ) if not-
(i ) whether the employer has applied, or intends to
apply, to the Occupational Pensions Board for such a
certificate and, if so, when he did so or, as the case may
be, intends to do so ; and
(ii ) that, during any period in which no such certificate
is in force, reserve scheme contributions will be payable
under section 77 of this Act in respect of the employee's
earnings from the employment.
( 2 ) The Contracts of Employment and Redundancy Payments Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1965 shall be construed and amended as follows-
( a ) any reference in subsection ( 5 ) of section 4 of the Act
( alternative method of conveying information to the
employee) or in subsection (4 ) or (6) of that section ( changes
in terms of employment, etc.) to that which is, or is to be,
included, given or referred to in a statement under sub-
section ( 1) of that section shall be construed as including a
reference to a note under sub-paragraph ( 1) above ;
Part II H
c.38
962 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 25 ( b ) any reference to that which is, or is to be, included, given
or referred to in a statement under section 4 ( 4 ) of the Act
shall be construed in a corresponding way ;
( c ) any reference in section 5( 1) to ( 6 ) of the Act ( employee's
right of reference to industrial tribunal ) shall be similarly
construed, but subject to sub-paragraph ( 4) below ; and
( d ) in section 4( 8) of the Act ( exclusion of section 4 require-
ments where information is given to employees in another
way) after paragraph (b) there shall be added-
"and
( c ) such a note as is mentioned in paragraph 14 (1)
of Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act 1973
has been given to the employee, or he has reason-
able opportunities of reading such a note in the
course of his employment, or such a note is made
reasonably accessible to him in some other way ; ".
1965 c. 19 ( Ν.Ι.). (3) Without prejudice to section 4 of the Contracts of Employ-
ment and Redundancy Payments Act (Northern Ireland ) 1965 or
sub-paragraph (1) above, the Secretary of State may make such
regulations as he thinks expedient for requiring employers to inform
their employees, and keep them informed, in such manner and at
such times as may be prescribed-
( a ) whether an employment is or is not , or will or will not be,
or has ceased or may cease to be, recognised pensionable
employment in relation to any category of earners ;
( b ) as to the employer's intentions in respect of applying to
the Occupational Pensions Board for a recognition certifi-
cate for any employment, or for the cancellation or variation
of such a certificate ;
( c ) that , during any period in which a recognition certificate
is not in force in respect of an employment, employees
in that employment will be liable for reserve scheme
contributions in respect of their earnings from it ;
and regulations made for the purposes of this paragraph shall
include provision requiring employers to afford to those of their
employees who are concerned, or to organisations representing them,
reasonable opportunities of making representations with respect to
the matters which are to be included in a notice under the
regulations.
( 4 ) Nothing in section 5 of the Contracts of Employment and
Redundancy Payments Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1965 (reference to
tribunal as to particulars of terms of employment ) shall authorise
or require a tribunal to determine any question whether an employ-
ment is or has at any time been, or will at any time be, recognised
pensionable employment, or whether reserve scheme contributions
are, were or will be payable in respect of earnings from any
employment.
( 5 ) The Contracts of Employment and Redundancy Payments
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1965 and this paragraph shall be construed
as if this paragraph were contained in that Act.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 963
Regulations and orders
SCH .25
15.- (1) Any regulations made by the Northern Ireland Ministry
wholly or partly by virtue of any of the following provisions of
this Act, namely section 3( 4), 5(9), 14( 4), 41 or 42, and any order
made by the Northern Ireland Ministry wholly or partly by virtue
of section 12( 3) or made by virtue of section 49( 2 ) shall be laid
before the Parliament of Northern Ireland after being made and shall
take effect on such date as may be specified in the regulations or
the order but shall ( without prejudice to the validity of anything
done thereunder or to the making of new regulations or a new
order ) cease to have effect upon the expiration of a period of six
months from that date unless at some time before the expiration
of that period the regulations have, or the order has, been approved
by a resolution of each House of that Parliament.
( 2) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply-
( a ) to regulations under section 41 of this Act, where the
instrument containing the regulations states that the regula-
tions are made for the purpose of making provisions con-
sequential upon the coming into force of an order under
section 49( 2) ;
( b ) to regulations to be made for the purpose only of con-
solidating regulations thereby revoked;
( c ) to regulations which, in so far as they are made under the
powers conferred by the provisions mentioned in sub-
paragraph ( 1) above, only replace provisions of previous
regulations with new provisions to the same effect.
( 3) All regulations and orders made by the Northern Ireland
Ministry under this Act, other than regulations or orders to which
sub-paragraph (1) above applies, shall be subject to negative resolu-
tion within the meaning of section 41( 6 ) of the Interpretation Act 1954 c. 33 ( N.I. ) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1954 as if they were statutory instruments within
the meaning of that Act.
( 4 ) Any reference in sub-paragraph ( 3) above to this Act shall
include a reference to any enactment passed after this Act which
is directed to be construed as one therewith, except in so far as
the contrary intention appears in that enactment, and without
prejudice to the generality of that direction.
16. Section 41( 3) of the Interpretation Act ( Northern Ireland )
1954 (procedure for laying statutory instruments or statutory docu-
ments before the Parliament of Northern Ireland ) shall apply in
relation to any instrument or document which by virtue of any
provision of this Act is required to be laid before that Parliament
as if it were a statutory instrument or statutory document within
the meaning of that Act .
PART III
AMENDMENTS OF PART IV OF THE NATIONAL INSURANCE
ACT ( NORTHERN IRELAND) 1966
17 .- (1) Throughout Part IV of the National Insurance Act 1966 c. 6 ( N.I.) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ( " the Act "), except in section 69(1) and
where the words first occur in section 79(1), for " the Commis-
sioner " substitute " a Commissioner ".
Part II H2
c .38
964 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25
1946 c. 23 (Ν.Ι.).
1966 c. 8 (N.I.).
1966 c. 9 ( N.Ι. ) .
( 2 ) For section 63 of the Act substitute the following : -
63. In this Part-
"Interpre-
tation of
thisPart.
(a ) " the Social Security Act " means the Social
Security Act 1973 ;
(b) " benefit " means benefit under Part I of that
Act or, as respects any period before the day
appointed for the coming into force of sec-
tion 2 of that Act, under this Act or the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1946
and " beneficiary " shall be construed accord-
ingly ;
(c ) " claimant " means a person who has claimed
benefit or whose right to be excepted from
liability to pay, or to have his liability deferred
for, or to be credited with, a contribution is
in question ;
( d ) " employed earner " shall be construed in accord-
ance with section 1( 7 ) of the Social Security Act
and regulations under Part I of that Act ;
( e ) " the Family Allowances Act " means the Family
Allowances Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ;
( f ) " the Industrial Injuries Act " means the
National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966 ;
(g) " Ministry " and " Minister " mean respectively
the Ministry of Health and Social Services and
the Minister of Health and Social Services ;
( h) " National Insurance Commissioner " means a
Commissioner appointed under paragraph 13 of
Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act ;
( j ) " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
and
( k ) " regulations " means regulations made by the
Ministry under this Act. " .
18. In section 64(1), ( 2), ( 3) and (6 ) of the Act for " Supreme
Court" substitute " Court of Appeal " .
19. In section 64 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) , for " 63( 1 )(a) to ( c) " substitute " 84( 1 )(a)
to (c) or 85( 1)(a) or (b) of the Social Security Act " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " send notice " to the
end of the subsection substitute-
" give notice in writing of its intention to do so-
(a ) in a case where the question arises on an appli-
cation made to the Ministry, to the applicant ;
and
(b) in any case to such persons as appear to it to be
concerned with the question. ".
Social Security Act 1973 965
c.38
20. In section 65 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1), for " 63(1)(a) to (c) " substitute " 84( 1 )(a)
to (c) or 85(1)(a) or (b) of the Social Security Act " ;
( b ) in subsection (2), for " 63(1 )(d ) " substitute " 84(1)( d ) of the
Social Security Act " .
21. In section 67(2) of the Act for " 66( 1) " substitute " 84(5) of the
Social Security Act ".
22. In section 68( 2) of the Act for " 63(1) or section 6(2) of the
Act of 1970 " substitute " 84( 1) of the Social Security Act or para-
graph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act " .
23. In section 69 of the Act-
66
( a ) in subsection (1) for " the Commissioner " substitute a
National Insurance Commissioner " ; and
( b) in paragraph (c ) of that subsection for " employed persons "
substitute " employed earners ", and for sub-paragraph (ii)
substitute-
66 (ii ) the question at issue in any way relates to a
deceased person who was a member of the association at
the time of his death. " .
24. After section 69 of the Act insert the following new section-
" Determina- 69A. Where any question under the Social Security
tionof
questions Act ( not being a question to which section 84(1 ) of that
first arising Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies)
onappeal
first arises in the course of an appeal to a local tribunal
to a local
constituted under section 76 of this Act or a National
tribunal or
Commis-
Insurance Commissioner, the tribunal or Commissioner
sioner.
may, if they or he thinks fit, proceed to determine that
question notwithstanding that it has not been considered
by an insurance officer. " .
25. In section 70(1) of the Act for the words from " section 63(1 ) "
to the end of paragraph (a ) substitute-
" section 84(1) of the Social Security Act or paragraph 14 of
Schedule 7 to that Act applies, he shall-
( a ) refer the latter question for determination in accordance
( subject to any necessary modifications) with section 84
of that Act and sections 64 and 65 of this Act or, as
the case may be, paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that
Act; and".
26. In section 71 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " sections 66 " substitute " section 84( 5)
of the Social Security Act and sections 67 ” ;
( b) for paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) substitute-
" ( c ) the decision was based on the decision of any
question to which section 84( 1) of the Social
Security Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to
Part II H3
SCH . 25
c .38
966 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25 that Act applies and the decision of that question
is revised in accordance with the provisions of
section 65 of this Act or reviewed in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 15 of that
Schedule." ;
( c ) in subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) for " sections 66 to 69 " sub-
stitute " the sections of the Social Security Act and this
Act referred to in the introductory words of subsection
( 1) " .
27. In section 72 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 )—
(i ) for " sections 63 to 71 " substitute " section 84(1)
to (5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections 64, 65 and
67 to 71 " ;
( ii ) after " any other provision of this Act " insert "
or
the Social Security Act " ;
"
( iii ) after " in connection with this Act " insert or
the Social Security Act " ;
(iv ) for " 63( 1)(d ) " substitute " 84(1)(d ) of the Social
Security Act " ;
( v ) for " sections 63, 64(1) to (4), 65 " substitute 66
sec-
tion 84( 1) to ( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections
64( 1) to (4), 65, 67 " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2 ) for " 63(1) or 73(1) " substitute “ 84(1 )
of the Social Security Act " ;
( c ) in subsection (4)
(i ) for " Supreme Court " (twice ) substitute " Court
ofAppeal " ;
(ii ) for " subsections (5 ) and (6 ) " substitute " sub-
section (6 ) " ;
(iii ) for " they apply " substitute " it applies " .
28. In section 74 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for " provisions of sections 63 to 71 "
substitute " foregoing provisions of this Part and of section
84(1) to ( 5) of the Social Security Act ;
(b) after subsection (1) insert-
" (1A ) Subsection (1) shall not make any finding of
fact or other determination embodied in or necessary to
a decision, or on which it is based, conclusive for the
purpose of any further decision ; and this subsection
applies not only to subsection (1) but also to provisions
of earlier Acts corresponding to that subsection and
applies as regards the effect to be given in any proceed-
ings to any decision, whether the decision was given or
the proceedings commenced before or after the passing
of the Social Security Act." ;
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 967
( c ) in subsection (2) —
( i ) for " sections 63 " substitute " section 84 (1) to
( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections 64, 65 and
67 " ;
(ii) after paragraph (c) insert-
" ( d ) that in such cases as may be prescribed one
or more medical practitioners shall sit with a
local tribunal either as additional members or
as assessors and for the appointment by the
Ministry of medical practitioners to act for this
purpose either generally or for such cases or for
such tribunals as the Ministry may determine ;
( e ) for extending and defining the functions of
assessors for the purposes of this Act ;
( f ) for empowering the Ministry, a local tribunal
or an insurance officer to refer to a medical
practitioner for examination and report any
question arising for its, their or his decision ;
( g ) for the non-disclosure to a person of the particu-
lars of any medical advice or medical evidence
given or submitted for the purposes of the
determination of , or of any question arising
on, any claim if , in the opinion of the prescribed
authority, being the person or tribunal, or the
chairman of the tribunal, by whom that deter-
mination falls to be made, disclosure of those
particulars to that person would be undesirable
in the interests of that person ; " ;
(iii ) for " sections 63 to 73 " substitute " section 84( 1)
to ( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections 64, 65
and 67 to 72 ".
29. In section 75 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 )
(i ) for " benefit under this Act " substitute " benefit
under Part I of the Social Security Act " ;
(ii) for " 63( 1)(d ) " substitute " 84(1) (d ) of that Act " ;
( iii ) for " sections 66 " substitute " section 84( 5) of the
Social Security Act and sections 67 " ;
"
( b ) in subsection ( 2) for purposes of this Act " substitute
66 purposes of the Social Security Act " .
30. In section 76 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 )—
(i ) for " sections 66" substitute " section 84( 5) of the
Social Security Act and sections 67 " ;
( ii ) in paragraph (a ) for " insured persons other than
66
employed persons " substitute earners other than em-
ployed earners " ;
Part II H4
SCH . 25
c . 38
968 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25
1951 c. 20 (Ν.Ι.) .
1966 c. 16 (Ν.Ι.) .
(iii ) in paragraph (b) for " employed persons " substi-
tute " employed earners " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 3) for " insured persons " substitute ( in both
places) " employed earners " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5)(a)(iii) for " 63( 3) " substitute " 84( 4) of the
Social Security Act ".
31. In section 78 of the Act-
( a) at the beginning there shall be inserted the following sub-
section-
" (1 ) A National Insurance Commissioner shall retire
when he attains the age of seventy- two years ; but where
a Commissioner who is remunerated by means of a salary
would, if he were so to retire, not have completed fifteen
years ' service, he may continue in office until the end
of the completed year of service in which he completes
fifteen years' service or attains the age of seventy- five
years, whichever first occurs .
For the purposes of this section and Part II of the
Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1951, service
before the coming into force of paragraph 13 of Schedule
25 to the Social Security Act by any person as a Com-
missioner, deputy Commissioner, umpire or deputy
umpire for the purposes of this Act, the Industrial
Injuries Act or the enactments re- enacted by this Act and
that Act and remunerated by means of a salary shall be
treated as service by that person as a Commissioner
appointed under that paragraph and so remunerated. " ;
( b) in subsection (2)(a), for " section 9( 3) of the National Insur-
ance ( No. 2) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute “ sub-
section ( 1) " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4), after " this Act " insert " the Industrial
Injuries Act or the Social Security Act " .
32. In section 79 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection (1) for " the Commissioner " , where those
words first occur, substitute " a National Insurance Com-
missioner " ; and
(b ) in subsection (3) for " the foregoing provisions of this Part "
substitute " this Act, the Social Security Act ".
33. In section 80 of the Act-
( a ) in subsection ( 1) —
(i ) for " subsections (2 ) to ( 5 ) " substitute " subsection
( 2 ) " ;
(ii ) for the words from " the National " to "Act of
1970) " substitute " the Ministry of any benefit " ;
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 969
( b) after subsection (1) insert-
" (1A) Any sums repaid to the Ministry in pursuance
of subsection (1) shall-
( a ) be paid by it into the Exchequer insofar as they
represent benefit which under section 46(1 )(a) of
the Social Security Act is not payable out of the
Northern Ireland National Insurance Fund ; and
(b ) otherwise be paid by it into that Fund " ;
( c ) in subsection (3)(a) after " contributions " insert " under
Part I of the Social Security Act or contributions or pre-
miums under Part III of that Act.".
SCH. 25
PART IV
PART IV OF THE NATIONAL INSURANCE ACT
( NORTHERN IRELAND) 1966 AS AMENDED
1966 c. 6 ( N.Ι. ).
Determination of certain questions by the Ministry
63. In this Part-
Interpretation ofthis Part.
( a ) " the Social Security Act " means the Social Security Act
; 1973
( b) " benefit " means benefit under Part I of that Act or, as
respects any period before the day appointed for the coming
into force of section 2 of that Act, under this Act or the
National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland ) 1946 and " bene- 1946c. 23 ( Ν.Ι. ).
ficiary " shall be construed accordingly ;
( c ) " claimant " means a person who has claimed benefit or
whose right to be excepted from liability to pay, or to have
his liability deferred for, or to be credited with, a contri-
bution is in question ;
ود
( d ) " employed earner shall be construed in accordance with
section 1 ( 7 ) of the Social Security Act and regulations under
Part I of that Act ;
(e ) " the Family Allowances Act " means the Family Allowances 1966 c. 8 ( N.I.) .
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ;
( f ) " the Industrial Injuries Act " means the National Insurance 1966 c. 9 ( N.I.) .
( Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ;
(g) " Ministry " and " Minister " mean respectively the Ministry
of Health and Social Services and the Minister of Health
and Social Services ;
( h ) " National Insurance Commissioner " means a Commissioner
appointed under paragraph 13 of Schedule 25 to the Social
Security Act ;
c . 38
970 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 25
( 1 ) " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ; and
( k ) " regulations " means regulations made by the Ministry
under this Act.
Appeals from
Ministry's decisions.
Review of
Ministry's
decisions.
64.- (1) Any question of law arising in connection with the
determination by the Ministry of any question such as is mentioned
in section 84( 1)(a) to (c) or 85(1)(a) or (b) of the Social Security Act
may, if the Ministry thinks fit, be referred for decision to the Court
of Appeal.
( 2 ) In the event of the Ministry determining in accordance with
subsection ( 1) to refer any question of law to the Court of Appeal,
it shall give notice in writing of its intention to do so-
( a ) in a case where the question arises on an application made
to the Ministry, to the applicant ; and
( b ) in any case to such persons as appear to it to be concerned
with the question.
( 3) Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Ministry on any
question of law such as is mentioned in subsection (1) which is not
referred in accordance with that subsection may appeal from that
decision to the Court of Appeal.
( 4) The Ministry shall be entitled to appear and be heard on
any such reference or appeal as aforesaid.
( 6 ) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, the decision of the
Court of Appeal on a reference or appeal under this section shall be
final.
65.- (1) The Ministry may, on new facts being brought to its
notice, or if is is satisfied that the decision was given in ignorance
of, or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact, review
any decision given by it on any question such as is mentioned in
section 84( 1)(a) to (c) or 85(1 )(a) or (b) of the Social Security Act
but any such decision shall not be reviewed while an appeal under
section 64 is pending against the decision of the Ministry on a
question of law arising in connection therewith, or before the time
for so appealing has expired ; and section 64 shall apply with any
necessary modifications to any case in which a question has been
raised with a view to the review under this subsection of any such
decision as aforesaid.
( 2) The Ministry may at any time and from time to time reconsider
the exercise of its discretion with respect to any question such
as is mentioned in section 84(1)( d ) of the Social Security Act and
decide that question again with such other effect as may seem to it
to be proper in the circumstances of the case.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 971
Determination of certain matters by insurance officers,
SCH. 25
local tribunals or Commissioner
67 .- (1) Insurance officers for the purposes of this Act shall be Submission
appointed by the Ministry, subject to the consent of the Ministry of ofclaims and
Finance as to number, to act for such areas or otherwise as the questions to
insurance
Ministry directs.
officers.
( 2 ) Any claim for benefit and any question to which section 84(5)
of the Social Security Act applies shall be submitted forthwith to an
insurance officer, who shall take the claim or question into con-
sideration and, so far as practicable, dispose of it in accordance with
this section and any regulations under section 74( 2 ) within fourteen
days of its submission to him.
( 3) Subject to section 70, the insurance officer may in the case of
any claim or question so submitted to him-
( a ) decide it in favour of the claimant ; or
(b ) decide it adversely to the claimant ; or
( c ) refer it to a local tribunal.
( 4 ) Where an insurance officer refers a case to a local tribunal
in accordance with subsection (3)( c) , notice in writing of the
reference shall be given to the claimant.
( 5 ) Different aspects of the same claim or question may be sub-
mitted to different insurance officers under the foregoing provisions
of this section, and for that purpose those provisions and the other
provisions of this Part with respect to the determination of claims
and questions shall have effect subject to any necessary modifica-
tions .
68.- (1) Where the insurance officer has decided any claim orAppeals from
question adversely to the claimant, the claimant may, subject to insurance
subsection ( 2), appeal to a local tribunal, and the claimant shall officer to local
be notified inwriting of the decision and the reasons therefor and of tribunal.
his right of appeal under this section.
( 2 ) Where any question to which section 84(1) of the Social
Security Act or paragraph 13 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies
has arisen in connection with the decision of the insurance officer,
and has been determined, and the insurance officer certifies that
the determination of that question is the sole ground of his deci-
sion, no appeal shall lie without leave of the chairman of the local
tribunal.
( 3 ) An appeal against a decision of an insurance officer shall
be brought by giving notice of appeal to the Ministry within twenty-
one days after the date of that decision or within such further time
as the chairman of the local tribunal may for good cause allow.
( 4 ) A notice of appeal under this section shall be in writing
and shall contain a statement of the grounds upon which the appeal
is made.
c .38
972 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25
69.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section , an appeal shall
Appeals from
lie to a National Insurance Commissioner from any decision of a
local tribunal to local tribunal at the instance of-
Commissioner.
(a ) an insurance officer ;
( b ) the claimant ;
( c ) an association of employed earners, or any other associa-
tion which exists to promote the interests and welfare
of its members, where in either case-
(i ) the claimant at the time of the appeal is a member
of the association and was so immediately before the
question at issue arose ; or
( ii) the question at issue in any way relates to a
deceased person who was a member of the association
at the time of his death.
( 2) An appeal to a Commissioner must be brought within three
months from the date of the decision of the local tribunal, or
such further period as a Commissioner may in any case for special
reasons allow, and such an appeal shall be brought by giving notice
in writing in a form approved by the Ministry stating the grounds
of the appeal-
( a ) in the case of an appeal by an insurance officer, to the
claimant ; and
(b ) in the case of an appeal by the claimant or an association
such as is mentioned in subsection (1) ( c ), to an insurance
officer.
( 4 ) If it appears to a Commissioner that any appeal under this
section involves a question of fact of special difficulty, he may
direct that in dealing with the appeal or any part thereof he shall
have the assistance of an assessor or assessors.
(5) A Commissioner may, if he thinks fit, refer any question
arising for his decision to a registered medical practitioner for
examination and report.
Determination
ofquestions
first arising on
appeal to a
local tribunal or
Commissioner.
69A. Where any question under the Social Security Act (not
being a question to which section 84( 1) of that Act or paragraph 13
of Schedule 7 to that Act applies) first arises in the course of an
appeal to a local tribunal constituted under section 76 of this Act
or a National Insurance Commissioner, the tribunal or Commis-
sioner may, if they or he thinks fit, proceed to determine that
question notwithstanding that it has not been considered by an
insurance officer.
Reference of
special questions .
70.- (1) If on consideration of any claim or question an insur-
ance officer is of opinion that there arises any question to which
section 84(1 ) of the Social Security Act or paragraph 14 of Schedule 7
to that Act applies, he shall-
( a ) refer the latter question for determination in accordance
( subject to any necessary modifications) with section 84 of
that Act and sections 64 and 65 of this Act or, as the case
may be, paragraph 14 of Schedule 7 to that Act ; and
Social Security Act 1973 973
c .38
( b ) deal with any other questions as if the question so referred
had not arisen ;
so however, that the insurance officer may-
(i ) postpone the reference of or dealing with any question until
other questions have been determined ;
( ii ) in cases where the determination of any question disposes
of a claim or any part thereof, make an award, or decide
that an award cannot be made, as to the claim or that
part thereof without referring or dealing with, or before
the determination of, any other question.
( 2 ) Subsection (1) shall apply to a local tribunal and a Com-
missioner at it applies to an insurance officer, except that a local
tribunal or a Commissioner, instead of themselves or himself refer-
ring a question in accordance with subsection (1)( a ), shall direct it
to be so referred by an insurance officer.
SCH. 25
71 .- ( 1) Any decision under section 84(5) of the Social Security Review of
Act and sections 67 to 69 of an insurance officer, a local tribunal decisions of
or a Commissioner may be reviewed at any time by an insurance insurance
officer or, on a reference from an insurance officer, by alocal tribunal, officer , local
tribunal or
if-
Commissioner.
( a ) he or they is or are satisfied, and, in the case of a decision
of a Commissioner, satisfied by fresh evidence, that the
decision was given in ignorance of , or was based on a
mistake as to, some material fact ; or
( b) there has been any relevant change of circumstances since
the decision was given ; or
(c ) the decision was based on the decision of any question to
which section 84( 1) of the Social Security Act or paragraph
14 of Schedule 7 to that Act applies and the decision of
that question is revised in accordance with the provisions
of section 65 of this Act or reviewed in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 15 of that Schedule.
( 2) A question may be raised with a view to such a review as
aforesaid by means of an application in writing to an insurance
officer, stating the grounds of the application.
( 3) On receipt of any such application, the insurance officer shall
proceed to deal with or refer any question arising thereon in accord-
ance with the provisions of the sections of the Social Security Act
and this Act referred to in the introductory words of subsection (1) .
( 4 ) Any decision given on a review under this section, and any
refusal to review a decision under this section , shall be subject to
appeal in like manner as an original decision, and the provisions of
the sections of the Social Security Act and this Act referred to in
the introductory words of subsection (1) shall, subject to the neces-
sary modifications, apply in relation to any decision given on such
a review as they apply to the original decision of a question.
1
c .38
974 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25
Regulations as to determination of questions
Regulations for determination
72. ( 1) Notwithstanding the provisions of section 84(1) to (5)
ofquestions.
of the Social Security Act and sections 64, 65 and 67 to 71 but
subject to any other provision of this Act or the Social Security Act,
in the case of any question arising under or in connection with this
Act or the Social Security Act, including any claim for benefit, other
than a question such as is mentioned in section 84 (1)( d ) of the Social
Security Act, provision may be made by regulations for the determina-
tion of that question by the Ministry or by a person or tribunal
appointed or constituted in accordance with the regulations ; and any
such regulations may vary or revoke the provisions of section 84( 1)
to ( 5) of the Social Security Act and sections 64(1) to (4), 65, 67 to
71 and 76 so far as they relate to any question to which the regu-
lations relate.
( 2 ) As respects any question as to the right to benefit other than
such a question as is mentioned in section 84 (1) of the Social Security
Act and other than a question as to entitlement to a death grant.
regulations under subsection ( 1) shall not provide for the determina-
tion of that question by the Ministry but, subject to subsection (3),
shall provide-
(a ) for the submission of the question in the first instance to an
officer appointed by the Ministry ;
( b ) for authorising the said officer either himself to determine
the question or to refer it to a local tribunal, and for
enabling an appeal to be brought from the officer's decision
to such a tribunal ;
( c ) for enabling an appeal to be brought from such a tribunal
to, or to a tribunal presided over by a Commissioner.
( 3) Regulations made by virtue of subsection ( 2) may provide for
the submission of different aspects of the same questions to different
officers ; and for that purpose paragraphs (a) and ( b) of that sub-
section shall have effect subject to the necessary modifications.
( 4 ) Regulations under subsection (1) may provide for the reference
to the Court of Appeal for decision of any question of law arising in
connection with the determination of a question by the Ministry,
and for appeals to the Court of Appeal from the decision of the
Ministry on any such question of law ; and subsection ( 6 ) of section
64 shall apply to any reference or appeal under this subsection as it
applies to any reference or appeal under subsections (1) to (3) of
that section.
Supplementary provisions as to determination
of claims and questions
Supplementary provisions .
74.- (1 ) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part and of
section 84( 1 ) to ( 5) of the Social Security Act, the decision of any
claim or question in accordance with those provisions, and, subject
to the provisions of any regulations under section 72, the decision
of any claim or question in accordance with the provisions of those
regulations, shall be final .
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 975
(1A ) Subsection (1 ) shall not make any finding of fact or other
SCH. 25
determination embodied in or necessary to a decision, or on which
it is based, conclusive for the purpose of any further decision : and
this subsection applies not only to subsection (1) but also to provisions
of earlier Acts corresponding to that subsection and applies as regards
the effect to be given in any proceedings to any decision, whether the
decision was given or the proceedings commenced before or after
the passing of the Social Security Act.
( 2) Subject to the other provisions of this Part, regulations may,
in relation to the determination of claims or questions in accordance
with section 84 (1) to (5) of the Social Security Act and sections 64,
65 and 67 to 71 or in accordance with regulations under section 72,
include provision-
( a ) as to the procedure which is to be followed, the form which
is to be used for any document, the evidence which is to
be required and the circumstances in which any official
record or certificate is to be sufficient or conclusive
evidence ;
( b ) as to the time to be allowed for making any claim or appeal,
for raising any question with a view to the review of any
decision or for producing any evidence ;
( c ) for empowering the prescribed person by summons to require
such persons as he thinks necessary to attend and give evi-
dence or produce documents and for authorising the admin-
istration of oaths to witnesses ;
(d ) that in such cases as may be prescribed one or more medical
practitioners shall sit with a local tribunal either as addi-
tional members or as assessors and for the appointment by
the Ministry of medical practitioners to act for this purpose
either generally or for such cases or for such tribunals as the
Ministry may determine ;
( e ) for extending and defining the functions of assessors for the
purposes of this Act ;
( f ) for empowering the Ministry, a local tribunal or an insurance
officer to refer to a medical practitioner for examination
and report any question arising for its, their or his decision ;
( g) for the non-disclosure to a person of the particulars of any
medical advice or medical evidence given or submitted for
the purposes of the determination of, or of any question
arising on, any claim if, in the opinion of the prescribed
authority, being the person or tribunal, or the chairman
of the tribunal, by whom that determination falls to be
made, disclosure of those particulars to that person would
be undesirable in the interests of that person ;
and except in so far as they may be applied by regulations made
by virtue of this subsection neither the Arbitration Act ( Northern 1937 c. 8 (N.I.)
Ireland ) 1937 nor section 23 of the Interpretation Act ( Northern 1954 c. 33 ( Ν.Ι. ).
Ireland ) 1954 shall apply to any proceedings under section 84 (1) to
( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and sections 64, 65 and 67 to 72.
c. 38
976 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25
Determination
ofcertain
questions as to
child or family .
( 3) It is hereby declared that the power to prescribe procedure
includes power to make provision as to the representation of one
person, at any hearing of a case, by another person whether having
professional qualifications or not.
75.- (1 ) Where any question such as is mentioned in subsection (3)
arises with respect to benefit under Part I of the Social Security Act
(other than such a question as is mentioned in section 84( 1) (d ) of
that Act ), that question shall be determined in accordance with the
provisions of section 84(5) of the Social Security Act and sections 67
to 72 in like manner, subject to any prescribed modifications and
adaptations, as a corresponding question arising in respect of an
allowance under the Family Allowances Act falls to be determined
by virtue of section 5(2) of that Act.
(2) Any decision of any question such as is mentioned in subsec-
tion (3)(a ) to ( c ) given under this Part, whether given for the
purposes of the Social Security Act, the Industrial Injuries Act or the
Family Allowances Act shall have effect also for the purposes of the
others of those Acts.
( 3) The questions referred to in subsections (1) and (2) are
questions-
(a) whether any person is or was a child or is or was under
school leaving age ;
(b) whether any person has or had a family including a child
or children, or is or was a child of some other person's
family (but not whether a person is to be treated for the
purpose of any provision as having a family including a
child or children or as being a child of some other person's
family) ;
( c) whether any person could have been treated under paragraph
3 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances Act as, or but
for certain facts would have been, or could have been
treated as aforesaid as, a child of any other person's family ;
( d ) whether, for the purposes of the payment to a beneficiary
of any benefit in respect of a child, the child in question
is living with the beneficiary.
Provision as to local tribunals, Commissioner, etc.
Constitution of
76.- (1 ) A local tribunal for the purposes of section 84( 5) of the
local tribunals. Social Security Act and sections 67 to 71 shall consist of-
( a) one member drawn from a panel composed of persons repre-
senting employers and persons representing earners other
than employed earners ;
( b) one member drawn from a panel of persons representing
employed earners ;
( c ) a person appointed by the Minister to act as chairman.
( 2) The panels referred to in subsection (1) shall be constituted by
the Ministry for the whole of Northern Ireland and each panel shall
relate to such areas as the Ministry thinks fit, and be composed of
such persons as the Ministry sees fit to appoint.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 977
( 3) Before appointing members to either of the panels, the Min-
SCH. 25
istry may take into consideration any recommendation from local
committees representing employers or employed earners or both,
or from organisations concerned with the interests of employers or
employed earners .
( 4 ) The members of the panels shall hold office for such period
as the Ministry may direct but the Ministry may at any time termi-
nate the appointment of any member of a panel .
( 5) So far as practicable, each member of a panel shall be sum-
moned to serve in turn upon a local tribunal but-
( a ) no member of a panel shall sit upon a local tribunal during
the consideration of a case-
( i ) in which he appears as the representative of the
claimant ; or
(ii ) by which he is or may be directly affected ; or
(iii ) in which he has taken any part as an official of an
association, or as an employer, or as a witness, or as a
person to whom any question arising thereon has been
referred for examination and report in accordance with
section 84 (4) of the Social Security Act or with regula-
tions under section 72(1) or otherwise ;
(b ) where the benefit claimed is unemployment benefit, the
member chosen from the first panel shall, if practicable,
be a representative of employers .
( 6) Any case may, with the consent of the claimant but not
otherwise, be proceeded with in the absence of any member of
the local tribunal other than the chairman, and in any such case
the tribunal shall be deemed to be properly constituted and the
chairman shall, if the number of the members of the tribunal is
an even number, have a second or casting vote.
( 7) A person appointed to act as chairman of a local tribunal
shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of his
letter of appointment.
( 8) Where several persons are appointed to act as chairmen for
a particular area they shall as far as practicable be invited to preside
over a tribunal in turn.
78 .- (1 ) A National Insurance Commissioner shall retire when he Retirement of,
attains the age of seventy-two years ; but where a Commissioner and
who is remunerated by means of a salary would, if he were so toallowancesfor .
superannuation
retire, not having completed fifteen years' service, he may continue Commissioners.
in office until the end of the completed year of service in which
he completes fifteen years' service or attains the age of seventy- five
years, whichever first occurs .
For the purposes of this section and Part II of the Judicial 1951 c. 20 ( N.I.) .
Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland) 1951 , service before the coming into
force of paragraph 13 of Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act by
any person as a Commissioner, deputy Commissioner, umpire or
deputy umpire for the purposes of this Act, the Industrial Injuries
Act or the enactments re-enacted by this Act and that Act and
c .38
978 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 25 remunerated by means of a salary shall be treated as service by
that person as a Commissioner appointed under that paragraph and
so remunerated.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the pension benefits conferred by the
1951 c. 20 ( N.I.). Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1951, the Ministry may
from time to time recommend to the Ministry of Finance that there
shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to a Commis-
sioner who at the date of his retirement is remunerated by means of
a salary an annual sum by way of superannuation allowances
calculated in accordance with Schedule 6-
( a ) if he retires pursuant to subsection (1) ; or
( b ) if he retires after fifteen years' service and at the time of
retirement has attained the age of sixty-five ; or
( c ) if the Ministry is satisfied by means of a medical certificate
that at the time of his retirement he is , by reason of
infirmity of mind or body, incapable of discharging the
duties of his office and that the incapacity is likely to be
permanent.
( 3) For the purposes of this section and Schedule 6-
( a ) service as a Commissioner which is not remunerated by
means of a salary shall be disregarded ;
( c ) the Ministry of Finance may by regulations provide for
counting as service as a Commissioner pensionable service
in any other capacity under the Crown.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 2 ) shall have effect notwithstanding that a Com-
missioner may, during his period of service as such Commissioner
undertake other duties of a judicial or advisory nature for the
purposes of this Act, the Industrial Injuries Act or the Social
Security Act and, for the purposes of that subsection and Schedule 6,
the last annual salary of any such person shall include any salary
payable in respect of those other duties.
( 5 ) Subject to subsection (6)
( a ) a person about to be appointed as Commissioner and
remunerated by means of a salary,
( b) a person who, being a Commissioner is about to be remune-
rated by means of a salary,
shall, before being so appointed or, as the case may be, re-
munerated, furnish to the Ministry satisfactory evidence that his
health is suitable for the discharge of the duties of such office.
( 6 ) A person of the kind referred to in subsection (5 ) (a ) or (b )
may elect that he shall not, before being appointed a Commissioner
or, as the case may be, remunerated by means of a salary, furnish
evidence as to his health, and where a Commissioner is so appointed
or remunerated after having made such an election, then, subject
to subsection ( 7 ), as respects him-
(a ) subsection ( 2 ) shall not have effect until he has completed
five years' service ; and
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 979
( b ) Part II of the Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland ) SCH . 25
1951 shall not have effect until he has completed ten years ' 1951 c. 20 ( N.I.).
service;
and where the Ministry is satisfied that his health has throughout
his service been such that it has enabled him duly to discharge
the duties of his office, the Ministry may, after the completion of
the relevant period of service, direct that the said subsection or,
as the case may be, the said Part, shall have effect as if he had not
made that election.
( 7 ) A Commissioner who has made an election under sub-
section (6) may at any time during his tenure of office furnish to
the Ministry satisfactory evidence as to his health, and the Minis-
try may thereupon direct that for the purposes of subsection ( 2 )
and of Part II of the Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland )
1951 that Commissioner shall be treated as if he had not made
that election.
( 8) A person to whom a superanuation allowance has been
granted under this section before he has attained the age of seventy-
two in consequence of an incapacity of the kind referred to in
subsection ( 2)( c ) shall, until he has attained that age, be liable
to be required by the Governor to resume the duties of a Com-
missioner with the salary attached thereto, and if ( being in a
competent state of health ) he declines when so required to resume
those duties, or declines or neglects to execute those duties, he
shall forfeit his right to the allowance so granted to him.
( 9) Whenever a person has resumed his duties pursuant to sub-
section ( 8), the payment of the superannuation allowance granted
to him shall be suspended during the period of his resumed ser-
vice, but, subject to the provisions of that subsection, at the end
of that period the superannuation allowance shall again be payable
and be recalculated in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6,
and for that purpose the period of his resumed service shall be
added to the period of his former service.
(10 ) The decision of the Ministry of Finance shall be final on
any question arising as to-
( a ) the application of any of the provisions of this section to
any person ; or
( b ) the amount of any superannuation allowance under this
section ; or
( c ) the reckoning of any service for the purpose of calculating
such a superannuation allowance.
(11) Where the rate of the superannuation allowance payable
to any person under subsection ( 2) as Commissioner is or would
be increased by virtue of regulations made under subsection (3)( c )
in respect of service in some other capacity, any pension benefits
paid to or in respect of him as having been Commissioner shall,
to such extent as the Ministry of Finance may determine, having
regard to the relative length of service and rate of remuneration
in each capacity, be paid and borne in the manner in which a
pension payable to him wholly in respect of service in that other
capacity would have been paid and borne.
c .38
980 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 25 (12 ) In this section, the expression " pension " includes any super-
annuation or other retiring allowance or gratuity, and the expres-
sion " pensionable " shall be construed accordingly ; and the expres-
sion " pension benefits " includes benefits payable on retirement
or death by way of lump sum or gratuity, and benefits payable in
respect of a person's service or employment to other persons by
way of widow's or children's pension or otherwise.
Remuneration 79.- (1 ) The Ministry shall pay to a National Insurance Com-
and expenses of missioner such salary or other remuneration as the Ministry of
Commissioner
and other
Finance may determine and such expenses incurred in connection
persons.
with the work of a Commissioner, as may be so determined.
(2) The Ministry may pay
( a ) to any other person appointed under the foregoing pro-
visions of this Part to determine questions or as a member
of or assessor to any tribunal constituted under those
provisions, such remuneration and such travelling and other
allowances ;
( b) to any person required to attend at any proceedings under
this Part, such travelling and other allowances ; and
( c ) such other expenses in connection with the work of any
person or tribunal appointed or constituted under any
provision of this Part ( other than a tribunal presided over
by a Commissioner),
as the Ministry with the consent of the Ministry of Finance may
determine.
(3) The Ministry may pay to any person required under this Act
( whether for the purposes of this Act, the Social Security Act or
otherwise ) to attend for or to submit himself to medical or other
examination or treatment such travelling and other allowances as
the Ministry with the consent of the Ministry of Finance may
determine.
( 4 ) In this section references to travelling and other allowances
include references to compensation for loss of remunerative time but
such compensation shall not be paid to any person in respect of
any time during which he is in receipt of remuneration under this
section.
Recovery of
80 .- (1) Where benefit is or has been paid in pursuance of a
benefit wrongly
decision which is reversed or varied on appeal, or is revised on a
paid, interim payments of
review, then, subject to subsection ( 2), the decision given on the
benefit, and
appeal or review shall require repayment to the Ministry of any
arrears .
benefit which was paid in pursuance of the original decision to the
extent to which it-
( a ) would not have been payable if the decision on the appeal
or review had been given in the first instance ; and
( b ) is not directed to be treated as paid on account of the
benefit awarded by the decision on appeal or review, or
as having been properly paid.
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 981
(1A ) Any sums repaid to the Ministry in pursuance of subsection
( 1 ) shall-
( a ) be paid by it into the Exchequer insofar as they represent
benefit which under section 46(1) (a ) of the Social Security
Act is not payable out of the Northern Ireland National
Insurance Fund ; and
(b) otherwise be paid by it into that Fund.
( 2) A decision given on appeal or review shall not require repay-
ment of benefit paid in pursuance of the original decision in any
case where it is shown to the satisfaction of the person or tribunal
determining the appeal or review that in the obtaining and receipt
of the benefit the beneficiary, and any person acting for him, has
throughout used due care and diligence to avoid overpayment.
( 3) Regulations may make provision as respect matters arising-
( a ) pending the determination under this Act (whether in the
first instance or on an appeal or reference, and whether
originally or on review ) of any claim for benefit or of any
question affecting any person's right to benefit or to the
receipt thereof or any person's liability for contributions
under Part I of the Social Security Act or contributions
or premiums under Part III of that Act ; or
( b ) out of the revision on appeal or review of any decision under
this Act on any such claim or question.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3), regula-
tions thereunder may include provision-
( a ) as to the date from which any decision on a review is to
have effect or to be deemed to have had effect ;
( b ) for treating any benefit paid to any person under an award
or by virtue of any provision of the regulations which it is
subsequently decided was not payable, as properly paid or
as paid on account of any other benefit which it is decided
was payable to him, or for the repayment of any such
benefit and the recovery thereof by deduction from other
benefit or otherwise ;
( c) modifying subsections ( 1) and ( 2) in relation to sums paid
by way of benefit in respect of a child of the family of a
man and his wife living together where those sums would
have been receivable, if properly paid, by either the man
or the wife ;
( d ) making any such provision for the recovery of sums paid by
way of benefit and required to be repaid by virtue of
subsection (1) as is authorised to be made in a case where
repayment is required by the regulations .
(6 ) Where, in the case of any person, any sum may by virtue of
regulations under subsection ( 3) be recovered by deduction from
benefit it may instead be recovered from him in whole or in part
by deduction from any payment under the Industrial Injuries Act.
SCH. 25
c.38
982 Social Security Act 1973
Section 100 (1).
1946с. 67,
1965 с. 54.
1965 с. 62.
SCHEDULE 26
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Supersession of National Insurance Acts, but with continuity
1. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, on and
after the appointed day no person shall be insured under the former
principal Act or entitled to benefit under that Act .
2.- (1 ) Regulations may provide that, in relation to-
( a ) persons who cease by virtue of paragraph 1 above to be
insured under the former principal Act,
( b ) persons to or in respect of whom benefit under that Act was,
or but for a disqualification or forfeiture would have been,
payable immediately before the appointed day ; and
( c ) persons who had a prospective right to, or expectation of,
any benefit under that Act immediately before the appointed
day,
the provisions of this Act (other than this Schedule) shall have effect
subject to such modifications as may be prescribed with a view to
securing continuity between this Act and the former principal Act.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred
by sub-paragraph (1) above, regulations under that sub-paragraph
may in particular provide for the taking into account, for such
purposes and in such manner and subject to such conditions as may
be prescribed, of contributions paid or credited or deemed to be,
or treated as, paid or credited, under the former principal Act or
the National Insurance Act 1946, or any enactment repealed by the
last-mentioned Act.
(3) Regulations may provide that this Act ( except this sub-
paragraph) shall have effect subject to prescribed modifications in
relation to persons who attained the age of 19 before the day
appointed for the coming into force of section 2andwho, immediately
before that day, were not insured under the former principal Act.
3.- (1) Regulations may make such provision as the Secretary of
State thinks appropriate for enabling unpaid contributions under the
former legislation to be recovered and disposed of under paragraphs
9 to 14 of Schedule 23 to this Act (applying those paragraphs by
analogy and with the necessary modifications) in the case of a
person being convicted of such an offence as is mentioned in para-
graph 7 or 8(a ) of that Schedule committed in the period of two
years beginning with the day appointed for the coming into force
of section 2 of this Act.
( 2) For this purpose-
( a ) " the former legislation " means the former principal Act,
section 1 of the National Health Service Contributions Act
1965, section 2(1) ( a ) of the Industrial Injuries Act and
section 27 of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 ; and
( b) " contributions " includes payments in lieu of contributions
for the purposes of Part III of the former principal Act.
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 983
Continuance in force of existing provisions
4. Notwithstanding any repeal effected by this Act, provision may
be made by regulations for continuing in force, with or without
prescribed modifications, such provisions of the former principal
Act or any other enactment specified in the third column of Schedule
28 to this Act as the Secretary of State considers appropriate for the
purpose of preserving rights to benefit under that Act or those enact-
ments in those cases (if any ) in which in his opinion adequate
alternative rights to benefit under this Act are not conferred in
pursuance of paragraph 2 above, or for temporarily retaining the
effect of those provisions for transitional purposes.
5. In the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, any reference to
benefit under the former principal Act includes a reference to such
other benefit, pension or allowance as is mentioned in paragraph
17(2)( b) of Schedule 11 to that Act ( which relates to pre - 1948
beneficiaries ).
General
6.- (1 ) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by any other
provision of this Act, regulations may make such provision as the
Secretary of State considers appropriate for facilitating the introduc-
tion of the basic scheme and reserve pension scheme established by
Parts I and III of this Act respectively and of the provisions of
Part II of this Act relating to the recognition of employments, for
modifying the system of insurance contained in the former principal
Act ( so far as it continues in force after the passing of this Act ) ,
so as to bring it into conformity with those schemes and provisions
or for facilitating the winding up of that system of insurance or
the disposal of matters connected with that system or with any
enactment modified or repealed by this Act.
( 2 ) Regulations under this paragraph may-
( a ) include provisions modifying any enactment specified in the
third column of Schedule 28 to this Act or any instrument
in force by virtue of such an enactment, as respects any
period during which the enactment continues in force after
the passing of this Act ;
( b ) provide for the repeal or modification of any enactment
by this Act to have effect subject to prescribed savings ;
( c ) include provisions for making such modifications of any
enactment as the Secretary of State considers appropriate
having regard to any modifications which, by virtue of
paragraph 4 above are made in provisions of the former
principal Act continued in force by virtue of that paragraph.
7. Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide-
( a ) that any Order in Council under section 105 of the former
principal Act ( which relates to reciprocity agreements ) shall ,
for the purposes of that section or of that section and
section 50 of this Act, have effect with such modifications
as may be specified in the Order under this paragraph and
shall have effect as if any reference in those sections to an
agreement included a reference to a proposed agreement :
SCH . 26
c.38
984 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 26
( b) that any Order in Council under section 84 of the Industrial
Injuries Act and any regulations having effect by virtue of
section 22( 2) of the Family Allowances Act ( which also
relate to reciprocity agreements) shall have effect with
such modifications as may be so specified.
8. Any instrument ( except any regulations, Order in Council and
any other order ) and any appointment which is in force immediately
before the appointed day and was made or has effect as if made
under an enactment repealed by this Act shall, in so far as a corre-
sponding instrument or appointment is capable of being made under
any provision of this Act, be deemed to be so made except to the
extent that regulations otherwise provide, and any reference in any
document to an enactment repealed and re-enacted by this Act with
or without modifications shall, in so far as the context permits, be
construed as a reference to this Act or the corresponding enactment
therein .
Section100
( 2)( a).
1911 с. 55.
1946 с. 67
SCHEDULE 27
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
The Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) Act 1913 (c. 20)
1. In section 118( 1) of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913-
( a ) in paragraph (a ), after " income tax " insert " or Class 4
contributions under Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 " ;
(b ) for paragraph ( f ) substitute-
" ( f ) all the debts specified in section 93( 2) of the
Social Security Act 1973. " .
The Bankruptcy Act 1914 ( с. 59)
2. In section 33(1) of the Bankruptcy Act 1914-
( a ) in paragraph ( a), after " income tax " insert " or Class 4
contributions under Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 " ;
(b ) for paragraph ( f ) substitute-
" ( f ) all the debts specified in section 93( 2) of the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
3. In Schedule 2, paragraph 9, for " payable under the National
Insurance Act, 1911 " substitute or premiums payable under Part I
or Part III of the Social Security Act 1973 ".
The Unemployment Insurance Act 1935 (с. 8)
4. In section 80(1) of the Unemployment Insurance Act 1935,
for " the National Insurance Act, 1946 " substitute " Part I of
the Social Security Act 1973 " .
Social Security Act 1973 985
c .38
The Road Haulage Wages Act 1938 ( c. 44 ) SCH. 27
5. In section 6( 2) of the Road Haulage Wages Act 1938, for
" the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 " substi- 1946 с. 62.
tute " Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Fire Services Act 1947 ( с. 41)
6. In section 26(2) of the Fire Services Act 1947, in paragraph 1946 с. 67.
(i ), for " National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or
the National Insurance Act, 1946," substitute " enactments relating
to national insurance and social security ".
The National Assistance Act 1948 (c. 29)
7. In section 50( 4 ) of the National Assistance Act 1948, for
the words from " of this section " onwards substitute " of this sec-
tion, less any amount received by the authority by way of death grant
in respect of that death under section 30 of the Social Security Act
1973.".
8. In section 64(1), for the definition of " trade dispute " sub-
stitute-
" " trade dispute " has the meaning given, for the purpose of
section 14 of the Social Security Act 1973, by subsection
(6 )(b) of that section ; ".
The Companies Act 1948 ( c. 38)
9. In section 319 of the Companies Act 1948-
( a ) in subsection ( 1), for paragraph (e) substitute-
" ( e ) unless the company is being wound up voluntarily
merely for the purposes of reconstruction or of amal-
gamation with another company, all the debts specified
in section 93( 2) of the Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( b) in subsection ( 8)( c), for the words from " National Insurance "
onwards substitute " Social Security Act 1973 as earnings
paid in that period ; and " .
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (c. 39)
10. In section 7 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies
Act 1948-
( a ) for " National Insurance Act, 1946 " substitute " enactments
relating to national insurance and social security " ; and
(b) for " the said Act of 1946 " substitute " those enactments " .
The Law Reform (Personal Injuries) Act 1948 ( c. 41)
11. In section 2 of the Law Reform (Personal Injuries ) Act 1948,
substitute the following for subsection ( 6)—
" ( 6 ) In this section references to any benefit shall be construed
as in the enactments relating to national insurance and social
security (including enactments in force in Northern Ireland) ; and
for the purposes of this section an industrial disablement gratuity
is to be treated as benefit for the period taken into account by
the assessment of the extent of the disablement in respect of
which it is payable. " .
c. 38
986 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 27
1972 с. 71.
1968 с. 69.
The Children Act 1948 ( c. 43 )
12. In section 18( 2) of the Children Act 1948, for the words from
" the said subsection ( 1) " onwards substitute " the said subsection
(1), less any amount received by the authority by way of death grant
in respect of that death under section 30 of the Social Security Act
1973.".
The Juries Act 1949 (c. 27 )
13. In section 1(1) ( b) of the Juries Act 1949 (as substituted by
section 27 of the Criminal Justice Act 1972 ), after " national in-
surance " insert " and social security ".
The Justices of the Peace Act 1949 (c. 101)
14. In section 8(1) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 ( as amended
by section 4 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1968 and set out in
Schedule 4 to that Act ), for " the National Insurance Acts 1965 to
1967 " substitute " the enactments relating to national insurance and
social security".
1946с. 67.
The Fire Services Act 1951 (c. 27)
15. In section 2 of the Fire Services Act 1951 , for subsection (4 )
substitute
" ( 4) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall affect the
operation of the enactments relating to national insurance and
social security, but the Firemen's Pension Scheme may
provide for the reduction or withholding of awards under the
Scheme where, in respect of the same matters, benefit is pay-
able under those enactments and awards may be made under
the Scheme. ".
The Local Government Superannuation Act 1953 ( c. 25)
16. In section 25 of the Local Government Superannuation Act
1953, in paragraph ( a ) of the proviso to subsection (1), for " twenty-
two of the National Insurance Act 1946 " substitute " 30 of the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Friendly Societies Act 1955 ( 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19)
17. In section 9 of the Friendly Societies Act 1955-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " Insurance Acts " substitute " enact-
ments relating to national insurance and social security " ;
( b ) for subsection ( 2) substitute-
" (2) Where the Secretary of State furnishes a regis-
tered friendly society or branch, in connection with a
claim for benefit from the society or branch, with in-
formation relating to a claim or award under those
enactments, the expenses incurred in connection there-
with by the Secretary of State or any other government
department shall be treated as expenses in carrying
those enactments into effect. ".
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 987
The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (c. 20)
18. In Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act
1957, in Part III, for the entry beginning " Chairman or Reserve
Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted for the purposes of the
National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute-
" Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted under section
77 of the National Insurance Act 1965 or section 76 of the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. " ;
and in the Part substituted for Part III of Schedule 1 to that
Act in relation to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern
Ireland, for the corresponding entry substitute-
" Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted under section 76
of the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. " .
SCH. 27
1965 с. 51.
1966 c. 6 (Ν.Ι. ) .
The Public Records Act 1958 (с. 51)
19. In Schedule 1 to the Public Records Act 1958-
( a ) in the second column of the Table, at the end of paragraph
3, after the entry relating to the Pneumoconiosis and
Byssinosis Benefit Board, insert-
" Occupational Pensions Board.
Reserve Pension Board. ".
(b ) the second column of that Table shall continue to have
effect subject to the amendment made by paragraph 2 of
Part I of Schedule 2 to the National Insurance ( Old 1970 c. 50.
persons' and widows' pensions and attendance allowance)
Act 1970, that is to say, after the entry relating to the
Industrial Injuries Advisory Council, there shall continue
to be inserted the following entry-
" Attendance Allowance Board." .
The Fatal Accidents Act 1959 (с. 65)
20. In section 2( 2 ) of the Fatal Accidents Act 1959, in the
definition of " benefit ", for the words from " National Insurance "
to " Parliament of" substitute " enactments relating to national
insurance and social security including enactments in force in".
The Wages Councils Act 1959 (c. 69)
21. In section 14( 1) of the Wages Councils Act 1959, in para-
graph (a ), for " National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries ) Act 1946, 1946 с. 62.
the National Insurance Act 1946 " substitute " enactments relating 1946 с. 67.
to national insurance and social security " .
The Education Act 1962 (c. 12 )
22. In section 9 of the Education Act 1962, in the proviso to
subsection (5 ), for " or national insurance (including industrial
injuries insurance) " substitute " national insurance and social
security".
c. 38
988 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1968 с. 59.
1969 с. 4.
The Administration of Justice Act 1964 (с. 42 )
23. In section 17( 2) (b) of the Administration of Justice Act 1964,
for " employer's contributions payable in respect of those officers
under the National Insurance Acts 1946 to 1963 " substitute
66
secondary Class 1 contributions, secondary reserve scheme con-
tributions and reserve scheme premiums payable in respect of
those officers under Part I or, as the case may be, Part III of the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 ( c. 81)
24. In section 2( 4) of the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964, for the
words from " which is insurable employment " to " any contribution "
substitute " in respect of which contributions or premiums are payable
under the enactments relating to national insurance and social
security, including enactments in force in Northern Ireland, but not
so as to render any person liable to any contribution or premium ".
The National Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
Act 1965 (c. 52 )
25. In section 5( 4 ) of the Industrial Injuries Act, for " sections
75 and 76 of this Act " substitute " section 76 of this Act and
section 94(8) of the Social Security Act ".
26. In section 8( 2), after " vessel " insert " hovercraft (within the
meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968) " .
27. In section 11, after subsection ( 4) insert-
66 ( 5 ) Subsection ( 1)(a ) to (e ) of section 12 of the Social
Security Act, and any regulations made under those paragraphs
or under subsection ( 2) of that section, shall have effect for
the purposes of injury benefit as they have effect for the purposes
of unemployment benefit or sickness benefit under Part I of
that Act.".
28. In section 13A(5), for " Insurance Act " substitute " Social
Security Act ".
29. In section 17( 5 ) , for " 29 of the Insurance Act " substitute
" 22 of the Social Security Act ".
30. In section 19( 3), in paragraph (d ), for " the upper limit
of the compulsory school " substitute " school- leaving " .
31. Section 27( 2) shall continue to have effect subject to the
amendment made by section 2(1) of the National Insurance &c. Act
1969 , that is to say, for paragraph ( b) there shall continue to be
substituted--
" (b) for extinguishing the right to payment of any sum by
way of benefit if payment is not obtained within a
prescribed period, not being less than twelve months,
from the date on which the right is to be treated under
the regulations as having arisen. " .
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 989
32. For section 28(1) substitute-
SCH. 27
" (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every assignment
of, or charge on, benefit, and every agreement to assign or
charge benefit, shall be void, and, on the bankruptcy of a
beneficiary, the benefit shall not pass to any trustee or other
person acting on behalf of his creditors.
(1A ) In the application of subsection (1) of this section to
Scotland-
(a ) the reference to assignment of benefit shall be read as
a reference to its assignation, " assign " being construed
accordingly ;
( b ) the reference to a beneficiary's bankruptcy shall be
read as a reference to the sequestration of his estate
or the appointment on his estate of a judicial factor
under section 14 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 с. 20.
1913 or section 15 of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1958 c. 28.
1958." .
33. In section 29(1), for " against which he is insured under this
Act " substitute " arising out of and in the course of his employed
earner's employment ".
34. In section 32(1), for " Part II of the Insurance Act " substitute
" Chapter II of Part I of the Social Security Act ".
35. In section 34( 3), for paragraph (b) substitute-
" ( b) the employed earners have died as a result of accidents
arising out of and in the course of their employed earner's
employment,".
36. In section 35-
( a ) in subsection (2), for " 64(1)( d ) of that Act " substitute
" 84(1 ) (d ) of the Social Security Act " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words from " subsection (1)(a)
to (e) " onwards substitute " subsection (1) ( a ) of this
section as it applies in relation to any question arising
under the Social Security Act such as is mentioned in
section 84(1)(a ) of that Act " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ) for " the said section 64(1)(a) to (c) of
that Act " substitute " section 84(1)( a ) of the Social Security
Act" .
37. In section 50-
( a ) in subsection (2)
(i ) in paragraph (a ) , for " an insurance tribunal "
substitute " and a competent tribunal " ;
(ii ) in paragraph (b), for “ insurance tribunal " sub-
stitute " competent tribunal " ;
c. 38
990 Social Security Act 1973
SCH . 27 (iii ) in paragraphs ( c ) and ( h ), for " an insurance
tribunal " substitute ( in each case ) " a competent
tribunal" ;
( iv ) in paragraph ( g ), for " an insurance tribunal "
substitute " or a competent tribunal " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 6 ), for " " insurance tribunal " " substitute
competent tribunal " ".
38. In section 54-
( a ) in subsections (2) and ( 8), for " the Insurance Act " substitute
( in each case ) " Part I of the Social Security Act " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ), for subsections ( 5 ) and (7 ) " substitute
" subsection (5) " ;
(c ) for subsection (10 ) substitute-
" (10) This section is subject to paragraphs 4 to 6 of
Schedule 10 to the Social Security Act " .
39. In section 62( 2), for " 2 of Schedule 7 to the Insurance Act "
substitute " 5 of Schedule 10 to the Social Security Act ".
40. In section 71(1 ), for " injuries and diseases against which
persons are insured under this Act " substitute " arising out of and
in the course of employment, or injuries and diseases which are due
to the nature of employment " .
41. In section 73(1), for " against which he was insured under
this Act " substitute " due to the nature of his employment".
42. For section 74 substitute-
" Persons
74. This Act shall apply to persons employed by or
employed byor under the
under the Crown in like manner as if such persons
were employed earners in the employment of a private
Crown.
person :
Provided that employment in the naval, military or
air force service of the Crown and any other prescribed
employment under the Crown shall not be, or be treated
as, employed earner's employment. " .
43. For section 78 substitute-
" Persons
under
78. A person who has not attained school-leaving age
school-
shall not be entitled to injury benefit except as may
leaving
be provided by regulations." .
age.
44. In section 85(4) -
( a ) for " 75 of this Act " substitute " 94(8) of the Social Security
Act";
( b ) for " the said section 75 " substitute " the said section
94 ( 8) " .
45. In section 86-
( a ) in subsection (1), after the definition of " relevant loss of
faculty " insert " the Social Security Act ' means the Social
Security Act 1973 " ;
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 991
( b ) in subsection (2) -
SCH. 27
(i ) for paragraph ( b) substitute-
" (b) a person shall be deemed to have attained or
not to have attained school-leaving age if he
would be treated as being, as the case may be,
over or under the upper limit of the compulsory
school age for the purposes of that Act ( dis-
regarding any regulations made by virtue of
section 2 of the Family Allowances and 1967 c. 90.
ود
National Insurance Act 1967) ; "
(ii ) in paragraph (c ), after " of that Act " insert
"(as amended by section 1(1)(b) of the Family Allow- 1968 c. 40.
ances and National Insurance Act 1968) " .
46. In Schedule 3, paragraph 9( c), column 2, for " National 1965 c. 51 .
Insurance Act 1965 as specified in Schedule 3 " substitute " Social
Security Act as specified in Part I of Schedule 4 ".
The Family Allowances Act 1965 (c. 53)
47. In section 5 of the Family Allowances Act-
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " section 48(2)(c) "
66
to " payment under this Act) " substitute paragraph
1( 4 )( c) of Schedule 10 to the Social Security Act " ;
( b ) in subsection (2) -
( i) for " under the Insurance Act " substitute " under
Part I of the Social Security Act",
(ii ) for " under that Act " substitute " under that Part
of that Act ", and
(iii ) for " of that Act " substitute " of the Insurance
Act ".
48. In section 7, after subsection (3) insert-
" ( 4 ) The regulations to be so made may make provision
for extinguishing the right to payment of any allowance if
payment is not obtained within a prescribed period, not being
less than twelve months, from the date on which the right is
to be treated under the regulations as having arisen . " .
49. In section 8-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 ) —
(i ) for " paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to the Insurance
Act " substitute " paragraphs 4 to 6 of Schedule 10 to
the Social Security Act " ;
(ii ) for " 81( 1) to (5) " substitute " 81(1) to (4) " ;
(iii ) for " section 49(5) of the Insurance Act " substitute
" paragraph 2(6 ) of Schedule 10 to the Social Security
Act" ;
(iv ) in paragraphs (a) and (b), for " the Insurance Act "
substitute (in each place ) " Part I of the Social Security
Act " ; and
c. 38
992 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 ( b) in subsection (3), for " the Insurance Act " substitute " Part I
of the Social Security Act ".
50. In section 11( 6 ), for " 29 of the Insurance Act " substitute " 22
of the Social Security Act ".
51. For section 12 substitute-
" Informa-
12. Paragraphs 9 to 11 of Schedule 22 to the Social
tion as to,
and proof
Security Act shall apply for the purposes of this Act as
of , age,
they apply for the purposes of that Act. "
marriage
or death.
52. In section 19(1), after the definition of " the Minister ", insert
" ، "
the Social Security Act " means the Social Security Act 1973." .
53. In section 22, for subsection ( 1) substitute-
" (1) For the purpose of giving effect to any agreement with
the Government of any country outside the United Kingdom
providing for reciprocity in matters relating to payments for
purposes similar or comparable to the purposes of this Act, Her
Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for modifying
this Act in its application to cases affected by the agreement.
(1A ) The modifications of this Act which may be made by
virtue of subsection (1) above shall include provision-
( a ) for securing that acts, omissions and events having any
effect for the purposes of the law of the country in
respect of which the agreement is made shall have a
corresponding effect for the purposes of this Act ( but
not so as to confer a right to double benefit) ;
( b) for determining, in cases where rights accrue both under
this Act and under the law of that country, which of
those rights shall be available to the person concerned ;
( c ) for making any necessary financial adjustments .
(1B ) Powers corresponding to those conferred by section 96(2)
to (4) and ( 7) of the Social Security Act in relation to Orders
in Council under that Act shall be exercisable also in relation
to Orders in Council under this section. " .
The Redundancy Payments Act 1965(c. 62)
54. In section 17 of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965-
(a ) in subsection (3) , after " week of employment " insert
" before the day appointed for the coming into force of
section 2 of the Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( b ) after subsection (4 ) insert-
" ( 4A ) Subject to the following provisions of this
section, in computing, in relation to an employee, the
period specified in section 8( 1) of this Act, or the period
specified in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 to this Act, a
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 993
week of employment after the day appointed for the
coming into force of section 2 of the Social Security
Act 1973 shall not count if-
( a ) the employee was employed outside Great
Britain during the whole or part of that week ;
and
( b ) he was not during that week an employed
earner for the purposes of that Act. " ;
( c) in subsection ( 5), after " ( 3) " insert " or ( 4A) " ;
( d ) for subsection (6 ) substitute-
" (6 ) Any question arising under this section-
( a ) whether an employer's contribution was paid, or
was or would have been payable, as mentioned
in subsection ( 3) or (4 ) of this section ; or
( b ) whether a person was an employed earner for
the purposes of the Social Security Act 1973,
shall be determined by the Secretary of State ; and any
legislation (including regulations) as to the determination
of questions which under that Act the Secretary of State
is empowered to determine (including provisions as to
the reference of questions for decision, or as to appeals,
to the High Court or the Court of Session ) shall apply to
the determination of any question by the Secretary of
State under this section ".
55. In section 26( 3), for the words from " securities " onwards,
substitute " such manner as may be specified by an order of the
Treasury for the time being in force under section 22(1) of the
National Savings Bank Act 1971." .
56. In section 31( 4), for the words from " the aggregate amount "
to " contributions " substitute " equal to the appropriate allocation
to the Redundancy Fund (under section 45 of the Social Security
Act 1973) from all secondary Class 1 contributions paid by that
employer under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
57. In section 36, for subsection ( 5 ) substitute-
" ( 5) In this Part of this Act " employer " and " employee
"
have the same meanings as in Part I of this Act.".
58. In section 43-
(a) in subsection ( 1 ) —
(i ) for " the next following subsection " substitute " sub-
section ( 2) of this section " ;
66
(ii ) for the words from employer's contributions "
to "that employment " substitute " in respect of the
whole or part of the period during which that person
was in that employment, employer's contributions were
paid in respect of him " ;
Part II I
SCH. 27
c. 38
994 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1965 с. 51 .
( b ) after subsection ( 1) insert-
“ (1A ) The reference in subsection (1) of this section
to employer's contributions is-
(a ) as respects any period before the day appointed
for the coming into force of section 2 of the
Social Security Act 1973, to employer's con-
tributions within the meaning of the National
Insurance Act 1965 ; and
( b) as respects any period beginning on or after
that day, to secondary Class 1 contributions
paid in respect of the person in question by
persons who were in relation to him secondary
Class 1 contributors by virtue of section 2( 4 )( a )
of the said Act of 1973." ;
( c ) in subsection (2 ), for " the preceding subsection " sub-
stitute " subsection (1 ) of this section " ;
( d ) in subsection (4), for the words from " such contributions "
66
to were paid " substitute " the conditions of subsection
(1) of this section relating to the payment of employer's
contributions were satisfied " .
59. In section 49(1), for " redundancy fund contributions will be
payable under Part II of this Act " substitute " secondary Class 1
contributions will be payable under Part I of the Social Security
Act 1973 " .
The National Insurance Act 1966 (c. 6 )
60. In section 6(1)(a ) of the National Insurance Act 1966, for
" the said section 15 " substitute " section 15 of that Act ".
61. In section 8-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 ) —
(i ) in paragraph (a ), for the words "68 to 76 "
onwards substitute " 68 to 73, 75 and 76 of the
Insurance Act in like manner as a claim for benefit
under Part I of the Social Security Act or, as the case
may be, a question to which section 84( 5) of the Social
Security Act applies " ;
( ii) in paragraph (b) , for the words from " Insurance
Act " (where first occurring) onwards, substitute
" Social Security Act, of local tribunals constituted
under section 77 of the Insurance Act or of a Com-
missioner appointed under section 87 of the Social
Security Act " ;
(iii ) in paragraph (ii ), for " Part IV of the Insurance
Act " substitute " section 84( 5) of the Social Security
Act and Part IV of the Insurance Act " ;
( iv ) in paragraph (iii ), for " a reference to the said
Part IV " substitute " references to the said section 84(5)
and to the said Part IV " ;
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 995
( b) in subsection (2 ), for the words from the beginning to SCH. 27
" section 9 of this Act " substitute " Where any question
under the Industrial Injuries Act ( not being a special ques-
tion within the meaning of that Act) first arises in the course
of an appeal to a local tribunal constituted under section
77 of the Insurance Act or a Commissioner appointed under
section 87 of the Social Security Act ".
62. In section 14( 3), after paragraph (b) insert the following new
paragraph-
" (bb) the expression " the Social Security Act " means the Social
Security Act 1973." .
63. In Schedule 2-
( a ) in paragraphs 3( b), 5( a) and 6( a), for " 64(1) of the Insurance
Act " substitute (in each case) " 84( 1) of the Social Security
Act";
66
( b) in paragraph 4(b), for employed persons " substitute
employed earners " ;66
( c) in paragraph 7, for " sections 67 to 70 " substitute " section
84( 5) of the Social Security Act or sections 68 to 70 " .
The Commonwealth Secretariat Act 1966 (c. 10 )
64. In paragraph 5(2) of the Schedule to the Commonwealth Secre-
tariat Act 1966, for the words from " contributions are required to be
paid " to " liable to any contribution " substitute " contributions or
premiums are payable under the enactments relating to national
insurance and social security, but the foregoing provision shall not
be construed as rendering a person liable to any contribution or
premium " .
The Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 (c. 20)
( The Ministry of Social Security Act 1966)
65. In section 12(1) of the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966, for
" the National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " Part I of the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
66. In section 16(1), for paragraph (a) substitute-
" (a ) benefit (other than a maternity grant or a death grant )
under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 ; " .
67. Section 17(1) shall continue to have effect subject to the
amendment made by section 2( 2 ) of the National Insurance &c.
Act 1969, that is to say, the following shall continue to be sub-
stituted for paragraph (e) -
" (e) for extinguishing the right to payment of any sum by
way of benefit if payment is not obtained within a pre-
scribed period, not being less than twelve months, from
the date on which the right is to be treated under the
regulations as having arisen.".
68. In section 26( 4 ), for " the National Insurance Acts 1965 and
1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 ".
Part II 12
c. 38
996 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1965 с. 51 .
69. In section 36(1), in the definitions of " place of employ-
ment " and " trade dispute ", for " 22 of the National Insurance Act
1965 " substitute ( in each place ) " 14 of the Social Security Act
1973 ".
70. In Schedule 2-
( a ) in paragraph 10A-
( i ) in sub-paragraph (1 )( a ), for " 22( 2) of the National
Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " 14 ( 2) of the Social
Security Act 1973 ” ;
(ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 3), for " the National Insurance
Act 1965 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 " ;
( b ) in paragraph 12A-
(i ) in sub-paragraph ( 2)(a), for " the National Insur-
ance Act 1965 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security
Act 1973 " ;
(ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 2)(b), for the words from " sub-
section ( 2) " onwards, substitute " section 15(1) of the
Social Security Act 1973 or , in relation to a disabled
child, that subsection as modified by regulations made
under subsection ( 4 ) of that section " ;
(iii) in sub-paragraph (3), for " National Insurance Act
1965 " substitute " Social Security Act 1973 ” ;
( c ) in paragraph 20-
( i ) in sub-paragraph (a ) , for " 39 of the National
Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " 30 of the Social Security
Act 1973 " ;
(ii ) in sub-paragraph (b), for " section 23 " substitute
" section 16 " ;
( d ) in paragraph 24-
( i ) in sub-paragraph (1)(h) , for " Schedule 3 to the
National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " Part I of
Schedule 4 to the Social Security Act 1973 " ,
(ii ) in sub-paragraph (2 )(a), for " column 2 or 3 of
Part II of Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act 1965 "
substitute " column 2 or 3 of Part III of Schedule 4
to the Social Security Act 1973 " ,
(iii) in sub-paragraph (2)(b), for " under Part I or
increase thereof under column 3 of Part II of Schedule
3 to the National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " under
Part I, or increase thereof under column 3 of Part III,
ofSchedule 4 to the Social Security Act 1973 ",
( iv ) in sub-paragraph ( 3) ( a), for " column 4 of Part II
of Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act 1965 " sub-
stitute " column 4 of Part III of Schedule 4 to the Social
Security Act 1973 " ;
(e ) in paragraph 25( 1)(a) for " the National Insurance Acts 1965
and 1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 ".
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 997
The Agriculture Act 1967 (c. 22)
71. In section 67( 3) of the Agriculture Act 1967, in paragraph
( e ), for " the National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute "Part I of
the Social Security Act 1973 ".
The Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1967 (c. 28)
72. In section 13 of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1967, for subsection ( 2) substitute-
" ( 2) Regulations under subsection (1) of this section may
provide for the reduction or withholding of awards under the
regulations in cases where awards are provided for in respect
of the same matters under any of the enactments relating to
national insurance and social security . " .
SCH. 27
The Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967 (c. 34 )
73. In section 4( 8) of the Old Cases Act, for paragraph ( a )
substitute-
" (a ) except when made for the purpose of replacing provisions
of previous schemes with new provisions to the same
effect, or of making provision consequential on the making
of an order under section 39 of the Social Security Act
1973, shall not be made unless a draft of the scheme has
been laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of
each House ; " .
66
74. In section 8(3)(b), for the words from one of the Commis-
sioners " to " subsection (3) " substitute " a Commissioner appointed
under section 87 of the Social Security Act 1973, or by a tribunal
constituted under subsection (2) " .
75. For section 13 substitute-
Applica- tionof
13 .- (1) Subject to section 8( 2) of this Act, the follow-
enactments.
ing enactments namely-
(a ) section 81( 6 ) of the Insurance Act ;
(b ) sections 54( 8) and 85 of the Industrial Injuries
Act; and
(c) section 8(3) of the Family Allowances Act 1965, 1965 с. 53.
shall have effect as if any reference in those enactments
to the Industrial Injuries Act included a reference to
this Act.
( 2 ) Paragraphs 9 to 11 ( except 11( b)) of Schedule 22
to the Social Security Act 1973 shall apply for the
purposes of this Act as they apply for the purposes of
that Act. ".
Part II
13
c. 38
998 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1965 с. 52.
1965 с. 51 .
The Family Allowances and National Insurance
Act 1967 ( c. 90 )
76. For section 1( 4) of the Family Allowances and National
Insurance Act 1967 substitute-
" (4) The provisions set out in Part II of Schedule 2 to
this Act shall be substituted for those of paragraph 1 of
Schedule 5 to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
Act 1965.".
The Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 ( c. 14)
77. In Schedule 3 to the Public Expenditure and Receipts Act
1968, at the end of paragraph 1 (b) insert-
" The Social Security Act 1973 (c. 38)
Schedule 22, paragraph 9 .
The Secretary of
State. "
The Consular Relations Act 1968 (c. 18)
78. In section 1( 6 ) of the Consular Relations Act 1968, for the
words from " which is insurable employment to " liable to any
contribution " substitute " in respect of which contributions or
premiums are payable under the enactments relating to national
insurance and social security, including enactments in force in
Northern Ireland, but not so as to render any person liable to any
contribution or premium " .
The Rent Act 1968 (c. 23)
79. In section 40 (3) of the Rent Act 1968, for " the National
Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " Part I and Part III of the Social
Security Act 1973 " .
The International Organisations Act 1968 (с. 48)
80. In paragraph 13 of Schedule 1 to the International Organisations
Act 1968-
( a ) for the words from " for the purposes " to the end of sub-
paragraph (a) substitute " for the purposes of the enactments
relating to national insurance and social security, including
enactments in force in Northern Ireland-
( a ) services rendered for the organisation by the
representative or officer shall be deemed to be
excepted from any class of employment in respect
of which contributions or premiums under those
enactments are payable, but "
(b ) in sub-paragraph (b), after " contribution " insert " or
premium " .
The Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968 ( c. 49)
81. In section 28(2) of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968, for
" 39 of the National Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " 30 of the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 999
The Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (c. 10)
SCH. 27
82. In section 8(2)(b) of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970, for the words from " a retirement pension " to " 1966 " sub-
stitute " a Category A retirement pension payable to the wife under
Part I of the Social Security Act 1973, no payment of benefit under
that Part of that Act ".
83. In section 24( 3)(a), for the words from " under the National
Insurance Act " to "
1966 " substitute " under Part I of the Social
Security Act 1973 " .
84. In section 219-
( a ) in subsection ( 1)(a), for the words from " the National 1965 с. 51 .
“
Insurance Act 1965 " to those Acts) " substitute " Part I
of the Social Security Act
1973, except " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3) —
(i ) for " the National Insurance Act 1965 or the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " sub- 1966 c. 6 (N.Ι. ) .
stitute " the Social Security Act 1973 " ;
(ii ) for the words from " employer's contribution " to
" 1966 " substitute " secondary Class 1 contribution or
secondary reserve scheme contribution within the meaning
of the said Act of 1973 " .
The Administration of Justice Act 1970 (c. 31)
85. In sections 11(b)(ii) and 12( 2)(b) of the Administration of
Justice Act 1970, after " contributions " ( in each place) insert
premiums "."
86. In Schedule 4, for paragraph 3 substitute-
" 3. Class 1 , 2 and 4 contributions under Part I of the Social
Security Act 1973 and reserve scheme contributions and pre-
miums under Part III of that Act." .
The Family Income Supplements Act 1970 (c. 55)
87. In section 8( 4 ) of the Family Income Supplements Act 1970,
for " the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1970 " substitute " Part I
of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Attachment of Earnings Act 1971 (c. 32)
88. In section 3( 6 ) of the Attachment of Earnings Act 1971 , after
" contributions " insert " premiums " .
89. In Schedule 2, for paragraph 3 substitute-
66 3. Class 1 , 2 and 4 contributions under Part I of the Social
Security Act 1973 and reserve scheme contributions and
premiums under Part III of that Act. " .
90. In Schedule 3, for paragraph 3( b) substitute-
" (b) primary Class 1 contributions under Part I of the Social
Security Act 1973 and primary reserve scheme contributions
under Part III of that Act ; ".
91. In Schedule 4, for " the National Insurance Act 1965 "
substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
Part II 14
c .38
1000 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1966 с. 20.
1965 с. 51 .
The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 ( c. 62)
92. In Part I of Schedule 1 to the Tribunals and Inquiries Act
1971 , in paragraph 18( d ), for " 9 of the National Insurance Act
1966 (c. 6 ) " substitute " 87 of the Social Security Act 1973 (с. 38) " .
The Finance Act 1971 ( c. 68)
93. In the Finance Act 1971 , Schedule 4, paragraph 1 ( b), for
the words from " under the National Insurance Acts 1965 "
onwards substitute " under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973
which is payable to the wife otherwise than by virtue (wholly or
partly ) of her own contributions.".
The Social Security Act 1971 (c. 73)
94. In the Social Security Act 1971, after section 4 insert the
following new section-
" Inspectors
4A. Every appointment of an inspector under section
appointed
under
88(1) of the Social Security Act 1973 shall be an appoint-
Social
ment for the purposes of the Supplementary Benefit Act
Security
1966 as well as for those of the said Act of 1973 ; and-
Act 1973 .
( a ) in Part I of Schedule 22 to the said Act of
1973 references to that Act ( except the first
reference) shall include the said Act of 1966 ;
and
( b ) in paragraph 2(1)(b) of that Schedule the refer-
ence to benefit shall include benefit within the
meaning of the said Act of 1966. " .
95. At the end of section 6 add " and this section applies also,
with the necessary modifications, to the provisions of the Social
Security Act 1973 which correspond to those of the National Insur-
ance Act 1965 mentioned above in this section. ".
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 (с. 46 )
96. In Schedule 2 to the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1972, in paragraph 9( 2)(i ), for " Schedule 3 to the National
Insurance Act 1965 " substitute " Part I of Schedule 4 to the Social
Security Act 1973 ".
The Housing Finance Act 1972 (c. 47 )
97. In Schedule 3 to the Housing Finance Act 1972, in paragraph
9(2)( j ), for " Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act 1965 " sub-
stitute " Part I of Schedule 4 to the Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Administration of Justice Act 1973 (c. 15 )
98. In paragraph (1) of Schedule 1 to the Administration of
Justice Act 1973, for " National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 " sub-
stitute " enactments relating to national insurance and social
security".
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 1001
PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND,
AND ORDERS IN COUNCIL APPLYING TO NORTHERN IRELAND
The Agricultural Wages (Regulation ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1939 (c. 25)
99. In section 2A(2) (e) of the Agricultural Wages (Regulation)
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1939, for " the National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security
Act 1973 ".
SCH. 27
The Wages Councils Act (Northern Ireland ) 1945 (c. 21)
100. In section 13(1)(a ) of the Wages Councils Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1945, for the words from " National " to " subsequent enact-
ment " substitute " enactments relating to national insurance and
social security ".
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1948 (c. 22)
101. In section 7(1) of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly 1946 c. 23 (N.I.)
Societies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1948, for " National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland), 1946 " substitute " enactments relating to national
insurance and social security ", and for " the said Act of 1946 "
substitute " those enactments ".
The Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1948 ( c. 23)
102. In section 3 of the Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1948, substitute the following for subsection
(6 ) -
" ( 6 ) In this section references to any benefit shall be con-
strued as in the enactments relating to national insurance and
social security ( including enactments in force in Great Britain) ;
and for the purposes of this section an industrial disablement
gratuity is to be treated as benefit for the period taken into
account by the assessment of the extent of the disablement in
respect of which it is payable ".
The Employment and Training Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1950 ( c. 29)
103. In section 3 of the Employment and Training Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1950, substitute the following for subsection (6) —
"( 6 ) The Ministry may, with the consent of the Ministry of
Finance, authorise the payment out of the Northern Ireland
National Insurance Fund of contributions towards expenses
incurred under this section in respect of persons entitled to
c . 38
1002 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 unemployment benefit under Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 and persons who would be so entitled but for regulations
made under that Act ; but contributions under this section shall
not in any year exceed one hundred thousands pounds or such
greater amount as the Ministry may by order determine, and
any such order shall be subject to negative resolution " .
104. In section 5-
( a ) in subsection (3) for the words from " being a person "
“
to 1946 " substitute " who satisfies the contribution con-
ditions set out in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to the Social
Security Act 1973 " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ) for the words from " or retirement pension
"
66 66
to 1946" substitute invalidity benefit or retirement
pension under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
The Judicial Pensions Act (Northern Ireland ) 1951 (c. 20)
105. In section 3 of the Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland )
1951, for " Commissioner appointed or deemed to be appointed
under section 9 of the National Insurance ( No. 2) Act ( Northern
1966 c. 16 (N.I.). Ireland ) 1966 and " substitute " National Insurance Commissioner ".
106. In section 16, for the words from " and for service " onwards
substitute " and for service as a National Insurance Commissioner
shall require the recommendation of the Ministry of Health and
Social Services " .
107. In section 20, for the words from " referred to " to " before
"
substitute " referred to in this Act ( other than a National Insurance
Commissioner ) shall before ".
108. In section 22(1), after the definition of " Minister " insert
the following definition-
" " National Insurance Commissioner " means a National
Insurance Commissioner appointed under paragraph 13 of
Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act 1973 ; " .
The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages ( Fees, etc.)
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1955 (c. 29)
109. In Schedule 2 to the Registration of Births, Deaths and
Marriages (Fees, etc.) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1955, at the end insert
the following entry-
" The Social Security Act 1973 (1973 с. 38) .”.
The Fatal Accidents Act (Northern Ireland ) 1959 (c. 18)
111. In section 2( 2) of the Fatal Accidents Act ( Northern Ireland )
1959, in the definition of " benefit ", for the words from " under "
to " United Kingdom " substitute " under the enactments relating to
national insurance and social security (including enactments in force
in Great Britain) " .
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 1003
The Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1960 (c. 22)
112. In section 287(1) of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland )
1960, for paragraph (e ) substitute-
" (e ) unless the company is being wound up voluntarily merely
for the purposes of reconstruction or of amalgamation with
another company, all the debts specified in section 93(2)
of the Social Security Act 1973." .
SCH. 27
The Youth Employment Service Act (Northern Ireland ) 1961 (c. 8)
113. In section 6 of the Youth Employment Service Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1961-
( a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " being a person
"
to " 1960 " substitute " who satisfies the contribution con-
ditions set out in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to the Social
Security Act 1973 " ;
66
( b ) in subsection (3), for or sickness benefit under the National
Insurance Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1946 to 1960 " sub-
stitute " , sickness benefit or invalidity benefit under the
Social Security Act 1973 " .
114. In section 7( 1), for the words from " under " where it first
occurs to " 1967 " in the second place where it occurs substitute
" under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts (Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1972, the Social Security Act 1973 ".
The Companies (Amendment) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1963 (c. 25)
115. In section 3(6 )( b) of the Companies ( Amendment ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1963, for the words from " National Insurance "
onwards substitute " Social Security Act 1973 as earnings paid in
that period ".
The Preferential Payments (Bankruptcies and Arrangements)
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1964 (c. 32)
116. In section 1 of the Preferential Payments ( Bankruptcies and
Arrangements) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964-
( a ) in subsection ( 1)
"
( i ) in paragraph (a)( ii), after " income tax " insert or
Class 4 contributions under Part I of the Social Security
Act 1973 " ;
(ii ) for paragraph (e) substitute-
" (e ) all the debts specified in section 93( 2) of the
Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( b ) In subsection ( 10)(c ), for the words from " National
Insurance " onwards substitute " Social Security Act 1973
as earnings paid in that period " .
c. 38
1004 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27
1971 с. 29.
The Contracts of Employment and Redundancy Payments
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1965 (c. 19 )
117. In section 27 of the Contracts of Employment and Redun-
dancy Payments Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1965—
( a ) in subsection ( 3), after " week of employment " insert
"before the day appointed for the coming into force of
section 2 of the Social Security Act 1973 ” ;
( b) after subsection ( 4 ) insert-
66 ( 4A ) Subject to the following provisions of this
section , in computing, in relation to an employee, the
period specified in section 18(1), or the period specified
in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3, a week of employment
after the day appointed for the coming into force of
section 2 of the Social Security Act 1973 shall not count
if-
( a ) the employee was employed outside Northern
Ireland during the whole or part of that week ;
and
( b) he was not during that week an employed
earner for the purposes of that Act. " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5), after " ( 3) " insert " or (4A) " ;
(d ) for subsection (6 ) substitute-
"( 6) Any question arising under this section-
( a ) whether an employer's contribution was paid
or was or would have been payable, as
mentioned in subsection (3) or (4) ; or
( b ) whether a person was an employed earner for
the purposes of the Social Security Act 1973 ,
shall be determined by the Ministry ; and any legislation
(including regulations) as to the determination of
questions which under that Act the Ministry is empowered
to determine (including provisions as to the reference
of questions for decision, or as to appeals, to the Court
of Appeal) shall apply to the determination of any
question by the Ministry under this section. "
118. In section 36( 3), for the words from " securities " onwards,
substitute " such manner as may be specified by an order of the
Treasury for the time being in force under section 22(1) of the
National Savings Bank Act 1971 " .
119. In section 41( 4), for the words from " the aggregate amount "
to " contributions " substitute " equal to the appropriate allocation
to the Northern Ireland Redundancy Fund ( under section 45 of
the Social Security Act 1973) from all secondary Class 1 contributions
paid by that employer under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 ".
120. In section 50-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " employers' contri-
butions " to " that employment " substitute " in respect of
c.38
Social Security Act 1973 1005
the whole or part of the period during which that person
SCH. 27
was in that employment, employers' contributions were
paid in respect of him " ;
( b) after subsection (1) insert-
" ( 1A ) The reference in subsection (1) to employers'
contributions is-
(a ) as respects any period before the day appointed
for the coming into force of section 2 of the
Social Security Act 1973, to employers' contri-
butions within the meaning of the National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966, and 1966 c. 6 (N.I.).
( b) as respects any period beginning on or after
that day, to secondary Class 1 contributions
paid in respect of the personin question by
persons who were in relation to him secondary
Class 1 contributors by virtue of section 2( 4)(a)
of the said Act of 1937 " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4), for the words from " such contributions "
“
to were paid " substitute " the conditions of subsection
(1) relating to the payment of employers ' contributions
were satisfied " .
121. In section 55(1), for " redundancy fund contributions will
be payable under Part III " substitute " secondary Class 1 contri-
butions will be payable under Part I of the Social Security Act
1973 " .
The Family Allowances Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966 (c. 8)
122. In section 5 of the Family Allowances Act ( Northern Ireland )
1966-
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " section 47(2)(c) "
66 66
to payment under this Act ) " substitute paragraph
1( 4)(c) of Schedule 10 to the Social Security Act " ;
( b) in subsection (2) —
(i ) for " under the Insurance Act" substitute " under
Part I of the Social Security Act",
(ii ) for " under that Act " substitute " under that Part
of that Act ", and
(iii ) for " of that Act " substitute " of the Insurance
Act".
123. In section 7, after subsection ( 3) insert-
66 ( 4 ) The regulations to be so made may make provision
for extinguishing the right to payment of any allowance if
payment is not obtained within a prescribed period, not being
less than twelve months, from the date on which the right is to
be treated under the regulations as having arisen. " .
c . 38
1006 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 124. In section 8-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 ) —
( i) for " paragraph 1 of Schedule 7 to the Insurance
Act " substitute " paragraphs 4 to 6 of Schedule 10 to
the Social Security Act ",
(ii) for " 80( 1) to (5) " substitute " 80( 1) to (4) " ,
(iii ) for " section 48(5 ) of the Insurance Act " sub-
stitute " paragraph 2(6) of Schedule 10 to the Social
Security Act ",
(iv ) in paragraphs (a ) and ( b) for " the Insurance Act "
substitute (in each place ) " Part I of the Social Security
Act" ;
( b) in subsection (3), for " the Insurance Act " substitute " Part I
of the Social Security Act " .
125. In section 11( 5), for " 28 of the Insurance Act " substitute
" 22 of the Social Security Act ".
126. In section 15(2), for " the National Insurance Commis-
sioner " substitute " National Insurance Commissioners " .
127. In section 18, at the end insert-
"" the Social Security Act ' means the Social Security Act 1973 " .
128. For section 21 substitute-
" 21 .- ( 1 ) For the purpose of giving effect to any agreement
with the Government of any country outside the United King-
dom providing for reciprocity in matters relating to payments
for purposes similar or comparable to the purposes of this Act,
the Governor may by Order in Council make provision for
modifying this Act in its application to cases affected by the
agreement.
( 2) The modifications of this Act which may be made by
virtue of subsection ( 1 ) shall include provision-
( a ) for securing that acts, omissions and events having
any effect for the purposes of the law of the country
in respect of which the agreement is made shall have
a corresponding effect for the purposes of this Act
( but not so as to confer a right to double benefit) ;
( b) for determining, in cases where rights accrue both
under this Act and under the law of that country,
which of those rights shall be available to the person
concerned ;
( c) for making any necessary financial adjustments .
( 3) Powers corresponding to those conferred by section 96(3)
and ( 7) of the Social Security Act in relation to Orders in
Council under that Act shall be exercisable also in relation to
Orders in Council under this section.".
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 1007
The National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act
SCH. 27
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 (c. 9)
129. In section 5( 4) of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966, for " sections 71 and 75(2) " substitute
" section 75( 2) and of section 94( 8) of the Social Security Act ".
130. In section 8( 2), after " vessel " insert " hovercraft (within
the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968) ".
1968 с. 59.
131. In section 11, after subsection (4 ) insert-
" (5) Subsection (1) (a) to (e) of section 12 of the Social
Security Act, and any regulations made under those para-
graphs or under subsection ( 2) of that section, shall have effect
for the purposes of injury benefit as they have effect for the
purposes of unemployment benefit or sickness benefit under
Part I of that Act." .
132. In section 13A(5) , for " Insurance Act " substitute " Social
Security Act ".
133. In section 17( 5 ), for " 28 of the Insurance Act " substitute
" 22 of the Social Security Act ".
134. In section 19( 3), in paragraph (d ) for " the upper limit of
the compulsory school " substitute " school- leaving " .
135. Section 27( 2) shall continue to have effect subject to the
amendment made by section 2(1) of the National Insurance &c. Act 1969 c. 3 ( N.I.).
( Northern Ireland ) 1969, that is to say, for paragraph (b) there shall
continue to be substituted-
" (b) for extinguishing the right to payment of any sum by
way of benefit if payment is not obtained within a pre-
scribed period, not being less than twelve months, from the
date on which the right is to be treated under the regula-
tions as having arisen " .
136. In section 28(1), after " beneficiary
insert " , or on his
estate and effects vesting in the official assignee under section 349
of the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act 1857, " .
1857 с. 60.137. In section 29(1), for " against which he is insured under
this Act " substitute " arising out of and in the course of his
employed earner's employment ".
138. In section 32(1), for " Part II of the Insurance Act " sub-
stitute " Chapter II of Part I of the Social Security Act ".
139. In section 34(3), for paragraph (b) substitute-
" ( b) the employed earners have died as a result of accidents
arising out of and in the course of their employed earner's
employment, ".
140. In section 35-
66
( a ) in subsection (2), for 63( 1)(d ) of that Act " substitute
" 84( 1 )(d ) of the Social Security Act " ;
c.38
1008 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 ( b ) in subsection (3) -
(i ) for the words from " subsection (1 )( a) to (e) "
onwards substitute " subsection (1) ( a ) as it applies in
relation to any question arising under the Social Security
Act such as is mentioned in section 84(1) ( a ) of that Act ",
66
(ii ) for Supreme Court " substitute " Court of
Appeal " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4 ) for " the said section 63(1)( a ) to ( c) "
substitute " section 84(1) (a) of the Social Security Act".
141. In section 49-
( a ) in subsection (2)
(i ) in paragraph ( a) for " an insurance tribunal " sub-
stitute " and a competent tribunal " ;
(ii ) in paragraph (b) for " insurance tribunal " sub-
stitute " competent tribunal " ;
(iii ) in paragraphs ( c ) and ( h) for
tribunal " substitute ( in each case )
66 an insurance
66 a competent
tribunal " ;
(iv ) in paragraph (g) for " an insurance tribunal " sub-
stitute " or a competent tribunal " ;
( b) in subsection (6 ), for " ' insurance tribunal ' " substitute
"' competent tribunal '."
142. In section 53-
( a ) in subsections (3) and ( 9), for " the Insurance Act " substitute
(in each case ) ' Part I of the Social Security Act, "
( b) in subsection ( 5 ), for " subsections (6 ) and ( 8) " substitute
" subsection (6), "
( c ) for subsection (11) substitute-
66 (11) This section is subject to paragraphs 4 to 6 of
Schedule 10 to the Social Security Act ".
143. In section 67( 1), for ' injuries and diseases against which
persons are insured under this Act " substitute " arising out of and
in the course of employment, or injuries and diseases which are
due to the nature of employment " .
144. In section 69(1), for " against which he was insured under
this Act " substitute " due to the nature of his employment "..
"Persons
employed
by or under the
Crown.
145. For section 70 substitute-
70. This Act shall apply to persons employed by or
under the Crown in like manner as if such persons were
employed earners in the employment of a private person :
Provided that employment in the naval, military or air
force service of the Crown and any other prescribed
employment under the Crown shall not be, or be treated
as, employed earner's employment. "
Social Security Act 1973 c. 38 1009
146. For section 73 substitute-
" Persons 73. A person who has not attained school- leaving age
underschool- shall not be entitled to injury benefit except as may be
leaving age. provided by regulations. "
SCH. 27
147. In section 81-
( a ) in subsection (1 )
( i ) for the definition of " Commissioner " substitute-
"" Commissioner ' means a National Insurance Com-
missioner appointed under paragraph 13 of
Schedule 22 to the Social Security Act,"
(ii ) after the definition of " relevant loss of faculty "
insert " " the Social Security Act ' means the Social
Security Act 1973, "
( b ) for subsection (2)(b) substitute-
"(b ) a person shall be deemed to have attained or
not to have attained school-leaving age if he would be
treated as being , as the case may be, over or under the
upper limit of the compulsory school age for the pur-
poses of that Act ( disregarding any regulations made by
virtue of section 2 of the Family Allowances and National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968) ". 1968 c. 1 ( N.I.) .
148. In Schedule 3, paragraph 9( c ), column 2, for " National 1966 c. 6 ( N.I.).
Insurance Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966 as specified in Schedule 3
"
substitute " Social Security Act as specified in Part I of Schedule 4 " .
The Workmen's Compensation (Supplementation ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ( c. 14 )
149. For section 9 of the Workmen's Compensation ( Supple-
mentation ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 substitute-
" Application 9. The following enactments, namely-
ofenact-
ments. ( a ) section 80(6) of the Insurance Act ;
(b) sections 53( 9) and 80 of the Industrial Injuries
Act; and
(c ) section 8( 3) of the Family Allowances Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966,
shall have effect as if any reference in those enactments
to the Industrial Injuries Act included a reference to
this Act. ".
1966 c. 8 (N.Ι. )
150. In section 11(1), in the definition of " the Commissioner ",
for the words from " appointed or " onwards substitute " appointed
under paragraphh 13 of Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act 1973
and includes a tribunal constituted under sub-paragraph ( 2) of that
paragraph ".
c. 38
1010 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 The National Insurance (No. 2) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966 (c. 16 )
151. In section 6(1) (a) of the National Insurance ( No. 2) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966, for "the said section 15 " substitute
" section 15 of that Act".
152. In section 8-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 )—
( i) in paragraph ( a ) for the words from " 67 to 75 "
onwards substitute " 67 to 72, 74 and 75 of the Insurance
Act in like manner as a claim for benefit under Part I
of the Social Security Act or, as the case may be, a
question to which section 84( 5) of the Social Security Act
applies " ;
(ii ) in paragraph (b) for the words from " Insurance
Act " (where first occurring ) onwards substitute " Social
Security Act, of local tribunals constituted under section
76 of the Insurance Act or of a Commissioner appointed
under paragraph 13 of Schedule 25 to the Social Security
Act";
(iii ) in paragraph (ii ) after " including references to "
insert " section 84( 5 ) of the Social Security Act and " ;
and
(iv ) in paragraph (iii ) for " a reference to the said Part
IV " substitute " references to the said section 84( 5) and
to the said Part IV " ;
( b) in subsection ( 2) , for the words from the beginning of the
subsection to " section 9 of this Act " substitute " Where
any question under the Industrial Injuries Act ( not being
a special question within the meaning of that Act ) first
arises in the course of an appeal to a local tribunal con-
stituted under section 76 of the Insurance Act or a Com-
missioner appointed under paragraph 13 of Schedule 25
to the Social Security Act ".
153. In section 14( 3), after paragraph (b) , insert the following
new paragraph-
" ( bb) the expression " the Social Security Act" means the
Social Security Act 1973 ; " .
154. In Schedule 2-
( a ) in paragraphs 3(b), 5( a ) and 6(a ), for " section 63(1 ) of
the Insurance Act " substitute (in each case ) " section
84(1) of the Social Security Act " ;
66 "
( b ) in paragraph 4(b), for employed persons substitute
"employed earners " ;
( c ) in paragraph 7, for " sections 66 to 69 " substitute
" section 84(5) of the Social Security Act or sections 67
to 69 ".
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 1011
155. In Schedule 3, in paragraph 2( a ), the amendment in section SCH. 27
3 of the Judicial Pensions Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1951 set out in 1951 c. 20 ( N.I.) .
paragraph 105 above.
The Supplementary Benefits &c. Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966
( c. 28)
156. In section 12( 1) of the Supplementary Benefits &c. Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966, for " the National Insurance Act ( Northern 1966 c. 6 (N.I.).
Ireland) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
157. In section 17(1), for paragraph ( a ) substitute-
" (a ) benefit ( other than a maternity grant or a death grant )
under Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 ; ” .
158. Section 18( 1) shall continue to have effect subject to the
amendment made by section 2( 2) of the National Insurance &c. 1969 c. 3 (N.I.).
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969, that is to say, the following shall
continue to be substituted for paragraph (e)
" (e) for extinguishing the right to payment of any sum by way
of benefit if payment is not obtained within a prescribed
period, not being less than twelve months, from the date
on which the right is to be treated under the regulations
as having arisen. ".
159. In section 26( 4), for " the National Insurance Acts ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
160. In section 40(1 ), in the definitions of " place of employment "
and " trade dispute " for " 21 of the National Insurance Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1966 " substitute (in each place ) " 14 of the Social Security
Act 1973 ".
161. In Schedule 2-
( a ) in paragraph 10A-
(i ) in sub-paragraph (1)( a ) , for " 21( 3) of the Insurance
Act " substitute " 14( 2 ) of the Social Security Act
1973 " ;
(ii) in sub-paragraph ( 3), for " the National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the
Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( b) in paragraph 12A-
(i ) in sub-paragraph ( 2 )(a ), for " the National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the
Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 2)( b), for the words from
" section 4( 2) " onwards substitute " subsection (1) of
section 15 of the Social Security Act 1973 or, in relation
to a disabled child, that subsection as modified by regu-
lations made under subsection ( 4 ) of that section " ;
(iii) in sub-paragraph (3), for " National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " Social Security
Act 1973 " ;
c .38
1012 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 1966 c. 6 ( Ν.Ι. ) .
( c ) in paragraph 20-
(i ) in sub-paragraph ( a ), for " 38 of the National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " 30 of
the Social Security Act 1973 ", and
(ii ) in sub-paragraph (b), for " section 22 " substitute
" section 16 " ;
( d ) in paragraph 24-
(i ) in sub-paragraph (1)( h), for " Schedule 3 to the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " sub-
stitute " Part I of Schedule 4 to the Social Security Act
1973",
(ii ) in sub-paragraph ( 2)( a ) , for " column 2 or 3 of
Part II of Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " column 2 or 3
of Part III of Schedule 4 to the Social Security Act
1973 ",
(iii ) in sub-paragraph ( 2) ( b) , for " under Part I or
increase thereof under column 3 of Part II of Schedule 3
to the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 "
substitute " under Part I, or increase thereof under
column 3 of Part III, of Schedule 4 to the Social Security
Act 1973 " , and
( iv ) in sub-paragraph ( 3)( a ) , for " column 4 of Part II
of Schedule 3 to the National Insurance Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " column 4 of Part III of
Schedule 4to the Social Security Act 1973 " ;
( e ) in paragraph 25( 1)( a), for " the National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland) 1966 " substitute " Part I of the Social
Security Act 1973 ".
The Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1967 ( c. 15)
162. In section 3 of the Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1967, the amendment made by paragraph 99
1939 c. 25 ( N.I.). above to section 2A of the Agricultural Wages ( Regulation) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1939.
The Births and Deaths Registration Act (Northern Ireland )
1967 ( c. 25 )
163. In Schedule 2 to the Births and Deaths Registration Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1967, at the end, insert the following entry-
" the Social Security Act 1973 (1973 с. 38).”.
The Family Allowances and National Insurance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1968 (c. 1)
164. For section 1( 4 ) of the Family Allowances and National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 substitute-
" ( 4) The provisions set out in Part II of Schedule 2 shall
be substituted for those of paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to the
Industrial Injuries Act. ".
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 1013
The Youth Employment Service (Amendment ) Act
SCH. 27
( Northern Ireland ) 1968 ( c. 13)
165. In section 1 of the Youth Employment Service ( Amendment )
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968, the amendment made by paragraph 114
above in section 7 of the Youth Employment Service Act ( Northern 1961 c. 8 (N.I.).
Ireland ) 1961.
The Children and Young Persons Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1968 ( c. 34 )
166. In section 119( 3) of the Children and Young Persons Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1968, for " 38 of the National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " 30 of the Social Security Act 1966 c. 6 (N.I.).
1973 ".
The Friendly Societies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970 (c. 31)
167. In section 102 of the Friendly Societies Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1970-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " Insurance Acts " substitute " enact-
ments relating to national insurance and social security " ;
( b ) for subsection ( 2 ) substitute-
" (2 ) Where the Ministry of Health and Social Ser-
vices furnishes a registered friendly society or branch,
in connection with a claim for benefit from the society
or branch, with information relating to a claim or award
under those enactments, the expenses incurred in con-
nection therewith by that Ministry or any other govern-
ment department shall be treated as expenses in carrying
those enactments into effect. " .
The Welfare Services Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1971 (c. 2 )
168. In section 25( 4 ) of the Welfare Services Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1971, for " 38 of the National Insurance Act ( Northern 1966 c. 6 (N.I. ).
Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " 30 of the Social Security Act 1973 " .
169. In section 45, in the definition of " trade dispute" for
" 21 of the National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " sub-
stitute " 14 of the Social Security Act 1973 ".
The Family Income Supplements Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1971 ( c. 8)
170. In section 8( 4 ) of the Family Income Supplements Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1971, for " the National Insurance Acts ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1970 " substitute " Part I of the Social Security
Act 1973 " .
The Social Services (Parity) Order (Northern Ireland ) 1971
(S.R. & Ο. (Ν.Ι.) 1971 (No. 224)
171. In Article 9 of the Social Services ( Parity ) Order ( Northern
Ireland ) 1971 , the amendment in section 13A of the National Insur-
ance ( Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 in para- 1966 c. 9 ( Ν.Ι.) .
graph 132 above.
c. 38
1014 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 27 The Social Security Act (Northern Ireland ) 1971 (c. 28)
172. In section 1(2 ) of the Social Security Act ( Northern Ireland )
1971, the amendments in paragraph 10A of Schedule 2 to the
1966 c. 28 ( N.I.). Supplementary Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 in para-
graph 161( a) above.
173. Insert the following new section after section 4-
"Inspectors 4A. Every appointment of an inspector under sec-
appointed under
tion 88(1) of the Social Security Act 1973 shall be an
Social
appointment for the purposes of the Supplementary
Security
Benefits Act as well as for those of the said Act of
Act1973.
1973 ; and
( a ) in Part I of Schedule 22 to the said Act of 1973
references to that Act ( except the first refer-
ence ) shall include the Supplementary Benefits
Act; and
( b ) in paragraph 2(1)(b) of that Schedule the refer-
ence to benefit shall include benefit within the
meaning of the Supplementary Benefits Act.".
174. At the end of section 6 add " and this section applies also,
with the necessary modifications, to the provisions of the Social
Security Act 1973 which correspond to those of the Insurance Act
mentioned above in this section " .
The Education and Libraries (Northern Ireland ) Order 1972
(S.I. 1972 No. 1263 (Ν.Ι. 12 ))
175. In Article 36( 5) of the Education and Libraries ( Northern
66
Ireland ) Order 1972, for or national insurance (including industrial
injuries) " substitute " , national insurance or social security ".
The Health and Personal Social Services (Northern Ireland ) Order
1972 (S.I. 1972 No. 1265 (Ν.Ι. 14))
176. In Article 39( 2) of the Health and Personal Social Services
1966 c. 6 ( Ν.Ι. ). ( Northern Ireland) Order 1972, for " 38 of the National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 " substitute " 30 of the Social Security
Act 1973 " .
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 1015
SCHEDULE 28
REPEALS
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
Section100
( 2 )(b) .
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
17 & 18 Geo. 5. The Superannuation and
с. 41. other Trust Funds
( Validation ) Act 1927.
Sections 1 to 8.
Section 10.
Section 11 (2 ) from “ but save as
aforesaid " onwards .
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The National Insurance
с. 62.
(Industrial Injuries) Act The whole Act, except section
89.
1946.
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The National Insurance The whole Act, so far as un-
c. 67. Act 1946. repealed.
10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Fire Services Act Section 27(5) .
c. 41. 1947.
4 Eliz. 2. c. 19. The Friendly Societies Section 9( 5).
Act 1955.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons
с. 20. Disqualification Act
1957.
In Schedule 1, Part I, the
entry beginning "Adjudicator
appointed for the purposes
of Part III of the National
Insurance Act 1965 " .
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The National Insurance The whole Act, so far as
с. 26. Act 1957. unrepealed.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Payment of Wages In the Schedule, in paragraph
с. 37. Act 1960. 12, sub- paragraph (a ) ; and
sub- paragraph (b ) from
" which does not " onwards.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Dock Workers (Pen- The whole Act.
c. 39.
sions) Act 1960.
1965 с. 51 .
The National Insurance Sections 1 to 63.
Act 1965. Section 67.
In section 68( 2), the words
" under this Act".
Section 74.
In section 81 , subsection (5) ;
in subsection (6 ), the words
" under this Act" ; and sub-
section (8).
c .38
1016 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 28
Chapter
1965 с. 51 .
-cont.
1965 с. 52.
1965 с. 53 .
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The National Insurance
Act 1965. -cont.
Sections 82 to 117.
Insection118, in subsection( 2 ),
thewords from first " except "
to first " Ireland "; and sub-
section(3) .
Schedules 1 to 5.
Schedules 7 to 11 .
The National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries ) Act
1965.
Sections 1 to 4.
In section 18( 3A), the proviso.
Section 32(2) from the begin-
ning to " 1961 ”.
In section 34 (3)( a), the words
" first-mentioned ".
Section 35( 1)(b) to (e) .
Section 54(7) and (9) .
Section 56(1).
Sections 59 to 61 .
In section 64, in subsection (3),
the words from " contribu-
"
tions" to or whether ";
and subsection (5) .
Sections 65, 67 and 69.
In section 70(1 ), in paragraph
( a ), the word " or "; para-
graphs ( b) and (c ); and the
words " to (e) ".
Section 75.
Section 79(2) and (3).
Section 82( 2) from " a
02 ( 2 )
apply " onwards. " as they
In section 83, in subsection (1),
the words " of insurance ";
in subsection ( 4 )(a )(iii), the
figures " 3( 4), 4( 2) ", " 65"
and " 69 " ; and the words
from " and the provisions "
onwards.
In section 86, in subsection (1) ,
the definitions of " contribu-
tion ", " contribution week " ,
"
the Insurance Act of 1946 "
6 "
and " insured person "; and
in subsection ( 4) , paragraphs
( c ) and ( d ) .
In section 87(3), paragraph ( b)
and the words " wherever
those words occur ".
Schedule 1 , Parts II and III.
Schedule 2.
The Family Allowances In section 16, subsection (1)(c) ;
Act 1965 .
and in subsection ( 2)(a) the
words " the National Insur-
ance Commissioner
and
deputy" .
Section 17(8) .
c . 38
Social Security Act 1973 1017
SCH. 28
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1965 с. 54. The National Health The whole Act.
Service Contributions
Act 1965.
1965 с. 62.
1966 с. 6.
The Redundancy Pay- In section 26 (1), the words from
ments Act 1965. " into which " to " Act, and ".
Sections 27, 28 and 29.
In section 31 (1), the words
"who are liable to pay
redundancy fund contribu-
tions".
Section 36(1) to ( 4).
In section 55, subsection (5)(b) ;
and subsection ( 6 ) from
" except " onwards.
The National Insurance Sections 1 to 4.
Act1966. Section 5( 1) and (3) .
Section 8(3) .
Section 9.
In section 10, subsections (1) to
( 4 ); in subsection ( 5 ), the
words " section 75( 2) of the
Insurance Act or " ; and sub-
section ( 6 ) .
Sections 11 and 12.
Schedule 1.
1967 с. 25.
The National Insurance Section 2.
(Industrial Injuries)
( Amendment) Act 1967.
1967 с. 34. The Industrial Injuries
and Diseases (Old Cases )
Act 1967.
1967 с. 73. In section 14 (1), in the defini-
tion of " prescribed " , the
words " in relation to insured
persons employed in insurable
employment ".
Section 15( 4 ) .
The National Insurance Section 1 and 2.
Act 1967. In section 4, in subsection ( 1 ),
the words " section 46 of the
Insurance Act or " ; and in
subsection ( 4), the words
" under the Insurance Act
or".
Sections 5 and 6.
Schedule 4 .
In Schedule 7, paragraphs 1 to
6 ; and in paragraph 8, sub-
paragraph (c) and the words
" section 46(6 ) of the Insur-
ance Act or ".
c. 38
1018 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 28
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1967 с. 90.
The Family Allowances
and National Insurance
Act 1967.
Section 1 ( 5) .
Section 2( 3) from the beginning
to " National Insurance Act
1965 and ", and from " but "
onwards.
Section 3( 2) .
Schedule 1, Part II .
1968 с. 14.
The Public Expenditure
and Receipts Act 1968.
Sections 1 and 2.
Section 7( 2 ) from " except in
so far as " onwards.
Schedule 2.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph
1( b), the entry relating to the
National Insurance Act 1965.
1968 с. 40.
The Family Allowances Section 1( 4 ) .
and National Insurance
Act 1968.
1968 с. 64.
The Civil Evidence Act In the Schedule, the entries
1968. relating to the National In-
surance Act 1965 and the
National Insurance ( Industrial
Injuries) Act 1965.
1969 с. 4. The National Insurance The whole Act.
&c. Act 1969.
1969 с. 44. The National Insurance Sections 1 to 4.
Act 1969. Section 8( 2)(a), ( d) and (e).
Sections 9 and 10.
Schedule 3.
1969 с. 48. The Post Office Act 1969. Section 121 .
In Schedule 9, paragraph 48.
1970 с. 10. The Income and Corpora-
In section 212(1), the words
tion Taxes Act 1970. from
" section 46"
to
66
1966, under " .
In Schedule 15, in paragraph
11 , in Parts I and II of the
Table, the entries for the
National Insurance Act 1965
and the National Insurance
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966.
1970 с. 16.
The National Health Ser- The whole Act.
vice Contributions Act
1970.
1970 с. 31.
The Administration of In Schedule 4, paragraph 4.
Justice Act 1970.
1970 с. 44.
The Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act
1970.
Section 11 .
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 1019
SCH. 28
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1970 с. 51 . The National Insurance The whole Act.
(Old persons ' and
widows' pensions and
attendance allowance)
Act 1970.
1971 с. 32.
1971 с. 50.
1971 с. 62.
1971 с. 68. 1971 с. 73 . 1972 с. 4.
1972 с. 11 .
1972 с. 36.
1972 с. 57.
The Attachment of Earn- ings Act 1971 .
Schedule 2, paragraph 4.
The National Insurance Sections 1 to 7.
Act 1971 . Sections 12 and 13 .
In section 14, the words " the
National Insurance Acts 1965
to 1970 ".
In section 16, in subsection ( 2),
the words " other than section
12 " ; and in subsection ( 4) ,
paragraph (a), and in para-
graph ( b), the words " other
than paragraph (a) above ".
Schedule 3.
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 2 to
5, 10 (2), 12 and 13(1) .
The Tribunals and In- In Schedule 1, paragraph 18(a).
quiries Act 1971 . In Schedule 3, the entry relating
to the National Insurance Act
1965.
The Finance Act 1971 . Section 22( 4) to (10) .
The Social Security Act Section 7(1).
1971 . Sections 8 and 9.
Section 10 (2).
The National Insurance The whole Act.
Regulations (Validation)
Act 1972.
The Superannuation Act In Schedule 6, paragraph 52.
1972.
The National Insurance The whole Act.
( Amendment) Act 1972.
The National Insurance
Act 1972.
Sections 1 to 3.
Section 4 ( 5 ) .
In section 5, in subsection (1),
the words from " in section
75(1) " to corresponding
provision " ; and in subsection
( 5 )(b), the words" the Nation-
al Insurance Act 1965 or " .
Section 6(1) to (4).
In section 7( 1)( a), the words
c .38
1020 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 28
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
1972 с. 57
-cont.
The National Insurance
Act 1972 -cont.
" section 104 of the National
Insurance Act 1965 and ".
Schedules 1 and 2.
Schedule 4, Part II.
1972 с. 80. The Pensioners' Payments Section 2.
and National Insurance Section 3( 3) from " and section
Contributions Act 1972. 2" onwards.
1973 с. 50. The Employment and In Schedule 3, paragraph 7.
Training Act 1973.
1961 No. 3. The Clergy Pensions
Measure 1961 . In sections 1( 4 ) and 37( 2 ) (in
each place ) , the words " or
the National Insurance Acts
1946 to 1960 ".
PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND, AND
ORDERS IN COUNCIL APPLYING TO NORTHERN IRELAND .
Chapter
or Number
Short Title Extent of Repeal
18& 19Geo. 5. The Superannuation and The whole Act.
c. 6 (N.I.).
other Trust Funds ( Vali-
dation) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1928.
1946 с. 21
( N.I. ).
1946 с. 23
( Ν.Ι.) .
1955 с. 29
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1959 с. 21 .
( Ν.Ι.) .
1960 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
The National Insurance Section 6.
(Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1946.
The National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1946.
The whole Act, so far as un-
repealed.
The Registration ofBirths,
Deaths and Marriages
( Fees, etc.)Act( Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
In Schedule 2, the entry relating
to the National Insurance Act
(Northern Ireland) 1946.
The National Insurance Section 3 .
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1959.
The Companies Act
In section 92( 2), the words
(Northern Ireland) 1960."
,
and the reference in section
287(1 )( f) to the winding up
order or resolution shall be
construed as a reference to, ".
In section 287, subsections
(1)( f) and (5A).
Chapter
or Number
1964 с. 18
( Ν.Ι. ).
1964 с. 32
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 37
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 7
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1966 с. 8
( Ν.Ι.).
c .38
Social Security Act 1973 1021
SCH. 28
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Industrial Training Section 17.
Act (Northern Ireland )
1964 .
The Preferential Payments In section 1, subsections( 1 ) ( )
( Bankruptcies and
and ( 3).
Arrangements) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
The National Insurance
&c. Act (Northern Ire-
land ) 1964.
The Contracts ofEmploy-
ment and Redundancy
Payments Act (Northern
Ireland) 1965.
Section 6(1).
In Schedule 6, paragraph 6(1 )
and ( 2 ).
In section 36(1), the words " into
which there shall be paid all
sums received by the Ministry
under this Part, and " .
Sections 37 to 39.
In section 41(1), the words
" who are liable to pay
redundancy fund contribu-
tions ".
Section 46 (1) to (3) .
In section 60(4), paragraph (b) ;
and in section 60(5), the words
from " except " onwards.
In section 63( 3), the words
" subject to section 46(1) " .
The National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1966.
Sections 1 to 62.
Section 64( 5) .
Section 66.
In section 67( 2), the words
" under this Act " .
Section 73.
In section 80, subsection (5) ;
in subsection (6 ), the words
" under this Act "; and sub-
section (7) .
Sections 81 to 107.
Section 109.
Section 110(2).
Schedules 1 to 5.
In Schedule 6, in the heading,
the words " and Deputy Com-
missioners ".
Schedules 7 to 9.
The Health Service Con- The whole Act.
tributionsAct (Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
The Family Allowances
Section 15(1)(c).
Act ( Northern Ireland) Section 16( 9) .
1966.
c.38
1022 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 28
Chapter
or Number
1966 с. 9
( N.I.).
Short Title
The National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
1966 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.).
The National Insurance
( No. 2) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
Extent of Repeal
Sections 1 to 4.
In section 18( 3A ), the words
from" so however " onwards.
In section 32(2), the words from
the beginning to " 1962"
where it first occurs.
In section 34 (3) (a), the words
" first mentioned ".
Section 35(1 )(b) to (e).
In section 53, subsections ( 8)
and (10 ).
Section 54(1).
Sections 57 to 59.
In section 60, in subsection (3),
the words from " contribu-
tions " to " or whether " ; and
subsection (5 ).
Sections 63 and 65.
In section 66(1) , in paragraph
( a ) the word " or "; para-
graphs ( b) and (c ); and the
"
words to (e) ".
Section 71 .
Section 74(2) and (3).
In section 77(2), the words from
66 as they apply " onwards.
In section 78, in subsection (1),
the words " of insurance ";
in subsection ( 3)( a)(iii ), the
words " 3( 4), 4 (2) " and
" 65 " ; and the words from
" and the provisions " on-
wards.
In section 81 , in subsection (1) ,
the definitions of " contribu-
tion ", " contribution week ",
"the Insurance Act of 1946"
and " insured person " ; and
in subsection ( 4), paragraphs
( c ) and(d ) .
In Schedule 1, Parts II and III .
Schedule 2.
Sections 1 to 4.
Section 5(1) and (3) .
Section 8(1 )(v) and (3) .
Section 9(1) to (6 ) .
In section 10, subsections ( 1) to
( 4 ); and in subsection (5 ), the
words " section 74( 2 ) of the
Insurance Act or " .
c. 38
Social Security Act 1973 1023
SCH. 28
Chapter
orNumber
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1966 с. 16
( N.I.) -cont.
The National Insurance
(No. 2) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) -cont.
Sections 11 and 12.
Schedule 1.
In Schedule 3, paragraphs 1 ,
2 (b) and (c ) and 3 .
1967 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
The National Insurance
Act (Northern Ireland)
1967.
Section 1 .
Section 2.
In section 5, in subsection (1 )
the words " section 45 of the
Insurance Act or " ; and in
subsection ( 4), the words
" under the Insurance Act
or".
Sections 6 and 7.
Schedule 4.
In Schedule 7, paragraphs 1 to
6; and, in paragraph 7, sub-
paragraph (c ) and the words
" section 45(6 ) of the Insur-
ance Act or ".
1967 с. 25
The Births and Deaths Registration Act
In Schedule 2, the entry relating
( N.I. ).
to the National Insurance Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967.
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
1968 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.).
The Family Allowances
and National Insurance
Act (Northern Ireland)
1968.
Section 1( 5 ).
In section 2( 2), the words
" Section 106( 2)(a) of the
Insurance Act and " and the
words from " but " onwards.
Section 3( 2 ).
Schedule 1 , Part II .
Sections 1 and 2.
Section 6(2)(a) .
Schedule 2.
Section 1 ( 4 ).
1968 с. 8
( Ν.Ι.) .
1968 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.) .
1969 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.).
1969 с. 19
(Ν.Ι.).
The Public Expenditure
and Receipts Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1968.
The Family Allowances
and National Insurance
( No. 2) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1968.
The National Insurance The whole Act.
&c. Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1969.
The National Insurance
&c. ( No. 2) Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1969.
1970 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.).
The Payment of Wages
Act (Northern Ireland)
1970.
Sections 1 to 4.
Section 8(2)(a), (b) and (c).
Sections 9 and 10.
Schedule 3.
In the Schedule, in paragraph
12, sub-paragraph (a ) ; and in
sub-paragraph ( b), the words
from " which does not " on-
wards.
c .38
1024 Social Security Act 1973
SCH. 28
Chapter or Number
1970 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
1970 с. 28 ( Ν.Ι.).
1970 с. 31
1971 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
( N.I.).
S.R. & O.
( N.I.) .
1971
No. 224.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Health Service Con- The whole Act.
tributions Act (North-
ern Ireland) 1970.
The National Insurance | The whole Act.
(Old Persons' and
Widows' Pensions and
Attendance Allowance)
Act (Northern Ireland)
1970.
The Friendly Societies Section 102 (3).
Act (Northern Ireland)
1970.
The Social Services
(Parity) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1971 .
The Social Services
(Parity) Order ( North-
ern Ireland) 1971 .
1971 с. 28
1971 с. 36
( Ν.Ι.).
( Ν.Ι.).
The Social Security Act
(Northern Ireland ) 1971.
The Civil Evidence Act
( Northern Ireland) 1971 .
1972 с. 13
In Schedule 1, the words " The
National Insurance Acts 1965
to 1970".
In Schedule 2, paragraph 2.
Articles 1 to 7.
In Article 8( 3), the words
repealed in section 18(3A) of
the National Insurance (In-
dustrial Injuries) Act (North-
ern Ireland) 1966 above.
Articles 12 and 13.
In Article 14, the words " the
National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland) 1966 to
1970".
In Article 15, the definitions of
" the Insurance Act " and
" the Act of 1970 " .
In Article 16, paragraph (1)(a) ;
andin paragraph(2), thewords
" other than Article 12 " and
sub-paragraph (a ) .
Schedule 3.
In Schedule 5, paragraphs 2
to 5, 9( 2), 11 and 12.
Section 7(1).
Section 8.
In the Schedule, the entries
relating to the National In-
surance Act ( Northern Ire-
land ) 1966 and the National
Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966.
The whole Act.
( N.I.).
The National Insurance
Regulations (Validation)
Act (Northern Ireland )
1972.
c. 39 1025
ELIZABETH II
BISNE
MON DROIT
DIEU ET
Statute Law ( Repeals)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 39
An Act to provide for the reform of the statute law by
the repeal, in accordance with recommendations of the
Law Commission and the Scottish Law Commission,
of certain enactments which, except so far as their
effect is preserved, are no longer of practical utility.
[18th July 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act Repeals, and
are, subject in the case of the enactments mentioned in Parts II, associated
VI and XI of that Schedule to the savings specified at the end of amendments.
those Parts, hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3
of that Schedule.
( 2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act shall
have effect with the amendments specified in that Schedule
( which preserve certain effects of enactments repealed by the
preceding subsection) .
2. (1) It is hereby declared that, except as provided by Provisions
paragraph 2(2) of Schedule 2 to this Act, this Act extends to relating to
Northern Ireland; but nothing in this Act shall be taken to restrict Northern
Ireland
the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws, and certain
and any laws made by that Parliament in the exercise of that overseas
power shall have effect notwithstanding anything in this Act. territories.
Part II K
1026 Shorttitle . c .39
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973
( 2 ) It is hereby declared that this Act does not repeal any
enactment so far as the enactment forms part of the law of a
country outside the United Kingdom; but Her Majesty may by
Order in Council provide that the repeal by this Act of any
enactment specified in the Order shall on a date so specified
extend to any of the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man or any
colony for whose external relations the United Kingdom is
responsible.
3. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law (Repeals) Act
1973.
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c . 39
1027
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO THE DEMISE OF THE CROWN
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
6Anne c. 41 . The Succession to the Section 8.
Crown Act 1707.
11 Geo. 4 &
1 Will. 4.
c .43.
1 Will. 4. c. 4. The Demise of the Crown Act 1830. The whole Act except section 4.
In section 4, the words " here-
tofore granted or ".
The Colonial Offices Act The whole Act.
1830.
7 Will. 4 & 1 The Demise ofthe Crown The whole Act.
Vict. c. 31 .
Act 1837.
37 & 38 Vict.
The Great Seal ( Offices) In section 8, the words from
c. 81.
Act1874. "and shall continue "
to
successors ".
39 & 40 Vict. The Appellate Jurisdic- In section 6, the words from
c. 59. tion Act 1876.
"and shall continue " to
"Crown".
50 & 51 Vict. The Sheriffs Act 1887.
In section 3( 3), the words " of
c. 55.
the Crown, or in Cornwall ".
1 Edw. 7. c. 5. The Demise of the Crown Section 1( 2).
Act 1901 .
Act ofParliament ofIreland
21 &22Geo. 3. Yelverton's Act ( Ireland ) In section 3, the words " ofany
c . 48 ( Ir.). 1781.
office , civil or military or ".
PART II
ECCLESIASTICAL ENACTMENTS RELATING TO BISHOPRICS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
10 & 11 Vict.
The Ecclesiastical Com- The whole Act.
c. 108.
missioners Act 1847.
38 & 39 Vict. The Bishopric of St.
The whole Act.
c . 34.
Albans Act 1875.
39 & 40 Vict.
The Bishopric of Truro
The whole Act.
c. 54 .
Act 1876.
41 & 42 Vict. The Bishoprics Act 1878.
The whole Act except sections
c . 68. 1 and5.
47 &48 Vict.
The Bishopric of Bristol
Section 2.
c . 66.
Act 1884.
In section 3, in paragraph (1) ,
the words from " and in the
construction " onwards, and
paragraphs (3) and (5).
The Schedule.
The whole Act.
57 & 58 Vict.
с. 21.
59 & 60 Vict.
с. 29.
PartII
The Bishopric of Bristol
Amendment Act 1894.
The Bishopric of Bristol
Amendment Act 1896.
The whole Act.
K 2
Section1( 1) .
1028 c .39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
4Edw. 7. c. 30. The Bishoprics of South- The whole Act.
wark and Birmingham
Act 1904.
3 & 4Geo. 5. The Bishoprics of The wholeAct.
c . 36 .
Sheffield, Chelmsford,
and for the County of
Suffolk Act 1913.
7 & 8 Geo. 5. The Bishoprics of Brad- The whole Act.
c. 57.
ford and Coventry Act
1918.
Church Assembly Measures
14& 15 Geo. 5. | The Bishopric of Black- | The whole Measure except
No.4.
burn Measure 1923 .
sections 1 and 13.
14& 15 Geo. 5.
The Diocese of Southwell The whole Measure.
No. 5.
( Division) Measure 1923.
14&15Geo. 5. The Diocese of Win- The whole Measure.
No. 6.
chester (Division)
Measure 1923 .
15 & 16Geo. 5.
The Bishopric of Leicester | The whole Measure.
No. 2.
Measure 1925.
25 &26Geo. 5.
The Diocese of Southwell The whole Measure.
No. 1.
( Transfer) Measure 1935.
The repeal by this Act of an enactment mentioned in this Part of
this Schedule does not affect any Order in Council or scheme which,
immediately before the repeal takes effect, was in force by virtue of
that enactment.
PART III
OTHER ECCLESIASTICAL ENACTMENTS
Chapter
Title or short title Extent of repeal
5 Eliz. 1. c. 28. An Acte for the transla- The whole Act.
( 1562 ). ting of the Bible and the
Dyvine Service into the
Welshe Tongue.
14Chas. 2. c. 4. The Act of Uniformity In section 5, the words from
1662.
66 upon pain " onwards.
Section 11 .
In section 13, the words from
" the present governour " to
“ and two and".
Sections 22 and 23 .
6 Anne c. 8. An Act for securing the
( 1706 ).
Church of England as
by law established.
In section 1, the words from
" Act made in the thirteenth
year " , where first occurring,
to " and also another " .
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973 c. 39
1029
SCH. 1
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
6Anne c. 11. The Union with Scotland In section 3, the words from
Act 1706.
" Act made in the thirteenth
year ", where first occurring,
to " and also another ".
Sections 1 to 5.
10 Anne c. 43. An Act for completing a
( 1711).
chapel of ease in the
lower town of Deal in
the county of Kent by a
duty on waterborn coals
to be brought into the
said town.
4Geo. 4. c. 79 ( 1823 ). An Act for building addi- The whole Act.
tional places of worship
in the Highlands and
Islands of Scotland.
5Geo. 4. c. 90. An Act to amend an Act The whole Act.
( 1824 ) . for building additional
places ofworship in the
Highlands and Islands
of Scotland.
15 & 16 Vict. An Act to provide for the The whole Act .
c. 53 (1852 ). exercise of certain pow-
ers vested in the Bishop
ofQuebec inrespect of
districts severed from his
diocese.
28 & 29 Vict. The Greenwich Hospital Section 44.
c. 89.
Act 1865.
PART IV
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO BANKING
Chapter
Title or short title
8 & 9 Will. 3.
с. 20.
15 Geo.
2. c . 13.
5 Geo. 3.
c .49. The Bank of England Act
1696.
The Bank of England Act
1741.
The Bank Notes ( Scot-
land ) Act 1765 .
12 Geo. 3. The Bills of Exchange
c. 72. ( Scotland ) Act 1772.
39&40Geo. 3.
с . 28.
45 Geo. 3.
c.89.
The Bank of England Act
1800.
The Bank Notes (Forgery )
Act 1805.
Part II
Extent of repeal
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
Section 2.
In sections 4, 5 and 6, the
words " post bill ", " post
bills " and " or post bills ",
wherever occurring.
In section 39, the words " or
post bills ", " in either of the
cases before mentioned " and
" said bills and".
The whole Act.
In section 3, the words" or
bank post bill " and
"or
blank bank post bill "
wherever occurring.
K3
1030 c .39
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973
SCH . 1
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
45 Geo. 3. c. The Bank Notes ( Forgery )
89 - cont . Act 1805-cont. In section 4 , the words " in
guineas, or".
In sections 5, 6 and 7, the
words " bank post bill ",
or bank post bill ", " and
"
bank post bills " and or
blank bank post bill ",
wherever occurring.
56 Geo. 3. The Bank of England The whole Act.
с. 96. ( Advance ) Act 1816.
3 & 4 Will. 4. TheBank Notes Act 1833. The whole Act.
c. 83.
3 & 4 Will. 4.
The Bank ofEngland Act
c. 98.
1833. The whole Act.
5 & 6 Will. 4. The Statutory Declara-
In section 14, the words " or
c . 62 . tions Act 1835.
bank post bill ".
7 & 8 Vict.
The Bank Charter Act
In section 1, the words from
с. 32.
1844 .
" subject to the rules " on-
wards.
Section 26.
16 & 17 Vict. TheBankNotes Act 1852. In section 1 , the words " bank
с. 2.
post bills ", wherever occur-
ring.
19 & 20 Vict. An Act to amend the law The whole Act.
с . 100(1856 ) . with respect to the elec-
tion of directors ofjoint
stock banks in England.
27 & 28 Vict. The Bank Notes ( Ireland )
c. 78. Act 1864.
In the preamble, the words
" bank post bills " in both
places.
In section 1, the words " bank
post bills ", wherever occur-
ring.
32 & 33 Vict. The Newspapers, Printers
с . 24 . and Reading Rooms
Repeal Act 1869.
In Schedule 2, in the entry
relating to 51 Geo. 3. c. 65,
the words or bank post
bill ".
3 & 4 Geo. 5. The Forgery Act 1913.
In section 18(1), in the defini-
с. 27.
tion of "bank note", the
words " bank post bill " and
the words " and ' blank bank
post bill ".
18 & 19 Geo. 5. The Currency and Bank In section 3(3), the words from
c .13. Notes Act 1928 .
"but shall not be required
"
onwards .
Section 4( 2).
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Currency and Bank
c.12. Notes Act 1954.
1968 с. 13.
The National Loans Act
1968.
1969 с. 48.
The Post Office Act 1969.
In section 12 ( 7 ), the words from
" and section 1" onwards.
In Schedule 6, in Part III, the
entries relating to sections 21,
54 and 56 of the Trustee
Savings Banks Act 1954.
Statute Law ( Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1031
SCH. 1
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
Act ofParliament ofIreland
39Geo. 3. c. 63 | The Bank ofEngland Act | The whole Act.
( Ir . ). ( Ireland ) 1799.
PART V
CRIMINAL LAW ENACTMENTS
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
Geo. 1 Stat. The Riot Act. The wholeAct.
2. с. 5 (1714 ) .
20 Geo. 2. с.
The Treason Act 1746. The whole Act.
30.
25 Geo. 2. с. The Murder Act 1751 . The whole Act.
37.
52 Geo. 3. с. The Malicious Damage The whole Act.
130 . Act 1812.
52 Geo. 3. с. The Prisoners of War The whole Act.
156. ( Escape ) Act 1812. Section 2.
54 Geo. 3. c. The Treason Act 1814.
146 .
56 Geo. 3. с. The Malicious Damage The whole Act.
125.
( Scotland )Act 1816.
56 Geo. 3. с. The Pillory Abolition Act The whole Act.
138. 1816 .
58 Geo. 3. c.
The Fees for Pardons Act | The whole Act.
29 .
1818.
6Geo. 4. c. 47.
The Leasing- making The whole Act.
( Scotland ) Act 1825.
7 & 8 Geo. 4.
с. 20.
The Fraudulent Bank- The whole Act.
rupts ( Scotland ) Act
1827.
10 Geo. 4. c.
38.
36 & 37 Vict.
c. 60.
The Criminal Law ( Scot-
land ) Act 1829.
The Extradition Act 1873.
The whole Act.
In the Schedule, in the entry
relating to the Theft Act 1968,
the words " which is not in-
cluded in the First Schedule
to the principal Act ".
The whole Act.
2& 3 Geo. 6. The Prevention of Viol-
c. 50.
ence ( Temporary Provi-
sions) Act 1939.
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Treachery Act 1940. The whole Act.
с. 21.
Part II K4
1032 c . 39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Homicide Act 1957. c . 11.
1965 с. 71 . 1967 с. 77. 1968 с. 19. Section 14.
The Murder ( Abolition of
Death Penalty ) Act 1965. The Police (Scotland ) Act
1967. Section 4.
In section 52(1 ), the proviso.
In Schedule 4, the entry relating
to the Homicide Act 1957.
The Criminal Appeal Act Section 52 ( 2 ) .
1968. In Schedule 5, Part II .
PART VI
HIGHWAY AND TRAFFIC LAW ENACTMENTS
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
22 Chas. 2. The Bridges Act 1670. The whole Act.
c. 12.
53 Geo.
The Bridges ( Scotland )
3 . The whole Act.
c. 117.
Act 1813 .
1 & 2 Will. 4. The London Hackney
с. 22. Carriage Act 1831 .
Section 37.
Sections 43 to 45.
Sections 59 and 60.
5 & 6 Will. 4. The Highway Act 1835. Sections 50 and 76.
c . 50.
In section 78, the words from
" or if any person ", where
first occurring, to " principal
owners of such waggon, cart
or carriage ".
2 & 3 Vict. The Metropolitan Police Section 51 .
c. 47.
Act 1839.
In section 54, in paragraph 9,
the words " during the time
of divine service, and ".
Sections 56 and 59.
6 & 7 Vict.
The London Hackney
Sections 4 and 32.
c. 86.
Carriages Act 1843.
10 & 11 Vict.
c . 89.
The Town Police Clauses
Act 1847.
16 & 17 Vict. The London Hackney
c. 33. Carriage Act 1853 .
Section 22, including that sec-
tion as incorporated in any
other Act.
Sections 4 to 6.
In section 7, the proviso.
In section 10, the words from
" without " onwards.
In section 17, the words from
" as set forth " to " annexed ".
Schedule ( A ).
Sections 13 to 15.
16 & 17 Vict. The London Hackney
с . 127. Carriage ( No. 2 ) Act
1853 .
24 & 25 Vict. The Tramways (Scotland ) The whole Act.
c. 69. Act 1861 .
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1033
SCH. 1
Chapter
27 & 28 Vict.
с. 88 (1864 ).
Title or short title Extent of repeal
An Act for the better The whole Act.
regulation of the traffic
on Westminster Bridge
and for the prevention of
obstructions thereon.
The Trespass ( Scotland )
Act 1865.
The Metropolitan Streets
Act 1867.
28 & 29 Vict.
с . 56 .
30 & 31 Vict.
c. 134.
In section 3, the words from
" turnpike " to " other ".
In section 4 , the definition of
"the special limits of this
Act".
Sections 8 and 26.
In section 9( 3), the proviso.
32 & 33 Vict.
с. 115.
41 & 42 Vict.
с. 51.
The Metropolitan Public
Carriage Act 1869.
The Roads and Bridges
( Scotland ) Act 1878.
In section 3, the definition of
" tolls ".
Sections 32, 37, 39 and 40.
In section 44, the words from
" and the price " onwards.
Sections 53, 56, 69, 70, 75, 87
to 90, 93, 96, 98, 99, 113, 119
and 121 .
43 Vict. c. 7. The Roads Amendment The whole Act.
Act 1880.
45 & 46 Vict. The Highway RateAssess- The whole Act.
с. 27. ment and Expenditure
Act 1882.
48 & 49 Vict. The Secretary for Scot-
с. 61. land Act 1885. In the Schedule, in Part I, the
entry relating to Roads and
Bridges.
7Edw. 7. c. 55. The London Cab and
Stage Carriage Act 1907 . In section 1( 1), the proviso.
15 &16Geo. 5.
The Roads Improvement
c. 68.
Act 1925 . Section 9( 2 ).
1 Edw. 8 &
The Trunk Roads Act
Section 6( 5).
1 Geo. 6.
1936.
Section 12( 3) and (16 ).
c. 5.
9 & 10 Geo. 6.
c. 30.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c . 16.
The Trunk Roads Act
1946.
The Road Traffic Act
1960. Section 9(1) and ( 2) .
In section 150(1 ), the words
from " sections " to " 1867 ".
The repeal by this Act of section 88 of the Roads and Bridges
( Scotland ) Act 1878 does not affect any agreement which, immediately
before the repeal takes effect, was in force by virtue of paragraph (1)
of that section.
1034 c .39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
PART VII
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO OVERSEAS TERRITORIES
Chapter
Title or short title Extent of repeal
14 Geo. 3.
AnAct to establish afund The whole Act.
c. 88 (1774 ). towards further defray-
ing the charges of the
administration ofjustice
and support of the civil
government within the
province of Quebec in
America.
18 Geo. 3. The Taxation ofColonies The whole Act.
с. 12. Act 1778.
1 &2 Geo. 4. The Commissariat Ac- The whole Act.
с. 121. counts Act 1821.
6Geo. 4. c. 87. The Consular Advances The whole Act.
Act 1825.
1 & 2 Vict. The West Indian Prisons The whole Act.
с. 67. Act 1838.
24 & 25 Vict. The Foreign Law Ascer- The whole Act.
c. 11. tainment Act 1861.
26 & 27 Vict. The South Africa Offences The whole Act.
с. 35. Act 1863 .
26 & 27 Vict. The Colonial Letters The whole Act.
c. 76.
Patent Act 1863.
27 & 28 Vict. The Isle of Man Harbours The whole Act.
с. 62.
Amendment Act 1864.
28 & 29 Vict.
An Act to authorise cer- The whole Act.
c. 28 (1865 ).
tain payments out of
the land revenues of the
Crown to provide com-
pensation for certain
claims in the Isle of
Man.
36 & 37 Vict. The Australian Colonies The whole Act.
с. 22. Duties Act 1873 .
37 & 38 Vict. The Straits Settlements The whole Act.
c. 38. Offences Act 1874.
38 & 39 Vict. The Pacific Islanders Pro- Schedules A and B.
c. 51.
tection Act 1875.
38 & 39 Vict.
The Canada Copyright| The whole Act.
c. 53.
Act 1875 .
40 & 41 Vict.
The South Africa Act
The whole Act.
c. 47.
1877.
53 & 54 Vict. The Foreign Jurisdiction Sections 14 , 15 and 17.
c. 37. Act 1890. In Schedule 1, the entry rela-
ting to the Foreign Law
Ascertainment Act 1861 .
Schedule 2.
54 & 55 Vict. The Consular Salaries and Section 4.
c . 36. Fees Act 1891 .
The Schedule.
"
56 & 57 Vict. The Regimental Debts In section 16, the words or
Act 1893 .
c. 5. India ".
In section 29, in the definition
of representation ", the
words " India or ", wherever
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973 c .39
1035
SCH. 1
Chapter
Title or short title
Extent ofrepeal
56 & 57 Vict.
c . 5 -cont.
The Regimental Debts
Act 1893. -cont.
occurring, and, in the defini-
tion of " official adminis-
trator ", the words "means
in India the administrator-
general ofany province, and".
57 & 58 Vict. The Colonial Officers
The whole Act.
c. 17.
( Leave of Absence ) Act
1894 .
58 & 59 Vict. The Australian Colonies| The whole Act.
c . 3.
Duties Act 1895.
15&16Geo. 5. The Anglo-Italian Treaty The whole Act.
c. 9.
( East African Terri-
tories) Act 1925.
18 &19 Geo. 5. The Straits Settlements The whole Act.
с. 23.
and Johore Territorial
Waters (Agreement) Act
1928.
24&25 Geo. 5. The Dindings Agreement | The whole Act.
c. 55. ( Approval) Act 1934.
2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Isle of Man (War The whole Act.
c. 86. Legislation) Act 1939.
4& 5 Geo. 6. The Colonial War Risks The whole Act.
с. 35. Insurance ( Guarantees)
Act 1941.
10&11 Geo. 6. The Malta (Reconstruc- The whole Act.
c. 9. tion ) Act 1947.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. The Republic of South The whole Act.
c. 23. Africa (Temporary Pro-
visions) Act 1961 .
PART VIII
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO AGRICULTURE
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
39 &40 Geo. 3.
c. 81.
29 & 30 Vict.
c . 37.
The Hop Trade Act 1800. The whole Act.
The Hop ( Prevention of Sections 4 and 6.
Frauds) Act 1866.
8Edw. 7. c. 36. The Small Holdings and
Section 51.
Allotments Act 1908.
1 & 2 Geo. 5. The Small Landholders
с .49. ( Scotland ) Act 1911 .
In Schedule 1, the entries
relating to the Sale of Food
and Drugs Acts 1875 to 1907,
the Merchandize Marks ( Pro-
secutions) Act 1894, the Ferti-
lisers and Feeding Stuffs Act
1036 c. 39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter
Short title
1 & 2 Geo. 5. The Small Landholders
c.49. -cont. ( Scotland ) Act 1911 .
-cont.
6& 7 Geo. 5. The Small Holding
c. 38. Colonies Act 1916.
10& 11 Geo. 5. The Seeds Act 1920.
c. 54 .
12&13 Geo. 5. The Allotments Act 1922.
c. 51 .
13 &14Geo. 5. The Agricultural Credits
с. 34 . Act 1923 .
16&17Geo. 5. The Small Holdings and
с. 52. Allotments Act 1926.
Extent of repeal
1906, the Agricultural Hold-
ings (Scotland ) Acts 1908
and 1910 and the Housing
and Town Planning Act 1909.
Insection 1( 3), the words from
66
the beginning to acres in
all , and ".
Section 4 (1)( b ) .
Section 7.
In section 8(1), the words from
" and the expression " on-
wards.
In section 9, the words from
" and section " to " 1843 ".
In section 11( a), the words
" " arbiter ' shall be substituted
for ' arbitrator ' , ' the Agri-
cultural Holdings ( Scotland)
Act, 1908 shall be sub-
stituted for ' the Agricultural
Holdings Act, 1908 ' ".
In section 11( b ), the words
" Paragraph ( b) of" and the
words "four and sections
seven and ".
Section 12 ( 2 ).
In section 12 ( 1), the words
" and the Department of
Agriculture and Technical
Instruction for Ireland" and
" and Ireland ".
In section 13, the words "
or
the Department of Agricul-
ture and Technical Instruction
for Ireland".
Section 16.
Section 2 (10 ).
Section 3( 4 ) as it applies to
England and Wales.
Section 4.
In section 5( a ), the words " the
Agricultural Credits ( Scot-
land ) Account shall be substi-
tuted for the Agricultural
Credits Account".
The Schedule.
In section 17( 3)( b), the words
" and (6 ) ".
Section 22(1).
In Schedule 1, the entries
relating to section 50 of the
Small Holdings and Allot-
ments Act 1908 and to sections
16 ( 3) and 18 of the Land
Settlement ( Facilities) Act
1919.
Schedule 2 .
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973 c.39
1037
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title
Extent of repeal
18 & 19 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Produce
с. 19. ( Grading and Marking)
Act 1928 .
21 &22 Geo. 5. The Agricultural Land
c .41. ( Utilisation) Act 1931 .
In section 3, the words from
" after " to " twenty-nine ".
Sections 8 to 10.
In section 11(1) , the words
" small holdings or", wherever
occurring.
In section 11( 2 ), the words
" small holdings ".
In section 11( 3), the words " in
relation to a small holding or
to land acquired for a small
holding, the council of the
county, and, " .
Section 14( 5) .
Section 16(3).
Section 17( 2 ) .
In section 19, the words " of
sections five, six and seven of
this Act, and,".
In section 23, the words " one,
two, ten and ".
Section 24( g) and ( h).
Section 24 ( k) except the words
" sections twelve and seven-
teen shall not apply".
21 &22 Geo. 5. The Small Landholders
Section 41 .
c. 44 . and Agricultural Hold-
Schedule 1 .
ings (Scotland ) Act 1931 .
24&25 Geo. 5. The Milk Act 1934.
Section 10( 3) .
с. 51.
1 Edw. 8 & The Agriculture Act 1937. Section 17.
1 Geo. 6.
In section 32, in the definition
c. 70.
of "Approved supplier ", the
words " or basic slag " .
2 & 3 Geo. 6. | TheAgricultural Develop- In section 38(1), in the defini-
c.48. ment Act 1939.
tion of " the appropriate
Minister ", the words " and
in relation to Northern Ireland
or functions exercisable in
respect thereto ".
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Miscel-
Section 14.
c .14 . laneous War Provisions)
Sections 16 to 21 .
Act 1940.
Section 22(1)(b).
Section 22( 3) and( 4 ).
Sections 23 to 26.
In section 27(1)( a ), the words
"orbasicslag " .
Section 30 (1) and (2 )(a) .
Section 31 (1 ) except paragraph
( d ). Section 31 ( 2), (3) and (5).
In section 32(1 ), the words
from " and sections " to " this
Act" and the words from
" and , in " onwards.
Section 32( 2) to (4).
Schedule 5.
1038 c .39
Statute Law ( Repeals ) Act 1973
SCH . 1
Chapter Short title
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Agriculture ( Miscel-
c .50 . laneous War Provisions)
( No. 2) Act 1940.
4 & 5 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Miscel-
c .50. laneous Provisions) Act
1941.
6&7Geo. 6. The Agriculture ( Miscel-
с . 16 .
laneous Provisions) Act
1943.
7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Miscel-
c . 28. laneous Provisions ) Act
1944 .
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Agriculture ( Artificial
c. 29. Insemination ) Act 1946. Extent of repeal
Section 2(1)(a).
Section 2( 2) to (7 ) .
Section 2(11) and (12 ).
In section 2(13), the definition
of" owner" .
Sections 5 to 9.
In section 10 ( 4 ), the words
except section six thereof"."
Sections 4 to 6.
Sections 9 and 10.
Section 12( 2), (3), (5), (6 ), (L)
and (9) .
Section 13(2 ).
In section 15, the definitions
of " the Committee ", " the
rules of good husbandry ",
" occupation contract " and
"the war period ".
Schedules 1, 2 and 4.
In section 3( 2), the words
" section fourteen or " and
the words from "
or under "
onwards.
Sections 5 and 6.
Section 10(1), (2) and (4 ) .
Sections 11 to 14.
Section 15( 2) and ( 4).
Section 16.
In section 19( a ) , the words
from " for any reference to
the National Trust" to
" 1935 " , the words from
" the expression ' the Com-
"
mittee '" to owner"; and
the words from " for any
reference to a mortgage "
onwards.
Section 19( c ), (d )( ii ) and (iv )
and ( e ) .
Section 20(2) .
In section 20(3), the words from
" or under " onwards.
In section 22, the words " twelve
and thirteen " and the words
from " and, in the applica-
tion" onwards.
Schedules 1 and 2.
Section 7.
In section 9, the words from
" except " to " lime ".
In section 6, the definitions
Sections 2 to 4.
of "Cattle insemination
centre " and " Licence ".
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1039
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title
Extent of repeal
10&11 Geo. 6. The Agriculture ( Emerg- The whole Act.
c . 32 . ency Payments ) Act
1947.
The Agriculture Act 1947.
10&11 Geo. 6. c . 48.
Section 85.
Section 92( 3).
Section 97( 2).
In section 103(1) and ( 3), the
words " goods and " .
Section 103(2).
11 &12Geo. 6. The Agriculture ( Scot- Sections 8, 25, 58, 62 and 74.
c .45 . land ) Act 1948.
In section 75( 1) and ( 3) , the
words " goods and ".
Section 75( 2).
12, 13 & 14 The Agriculture (Miscel-
Sections 1 to 5.
Geo. 6. c. 37.
laneous Provisions) Act | Sections 9 and 14.
1949.
Section 15(1).
In section 15( 3), the words
" any other section of".
In section 16 ( 1), the words
from the beginning to " sec-
tion fourteen of this Act".
12 , 13 & 14
Geo. 6. c. 75.
TheAgricultural Holdings
( Scotland ) Act 1949.
In Schedule 8, in the entry
relating to Part I of theAgri-
culture ( Scotland ) Act 1948,
the words from " except sec-
tion eight " to " by this Act ".
14 Geo. 6. The Allotments Act 1950. Section 1( 2 ).
c. 31 .
Section 2 (2 ).
Section 3( 5 ) .
Section 12(2) .
Section 15(3).
The Schedule.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act
1954 .
Section 13.
с. 39. In section 16 , the words " and
section twelve ".
Section 17( 2) .
Schedule 3 .
2& 3 Eliz. 2. The Pests Act 1954.
c. 68.
In section 8(1), the words
" after the appointed day".
Section 8(6 ) .
In section 8( 7), the words from
" (other " to " subsection) ".
Section 15( 2) .
The Schedule.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. TheAgriculture Act 1957. In section 8( 2 ), the words from
с. 57.
" after " to " sixty and " and
the word " thereafter ".
Section 10.
Section 36(1 ) and (4) .
Schedule 4.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c.71. TheAgricultureAct 1958. Section 6( 4 ) and (5) .
Section 10( 1) and (6 ).
Schedules 2 and 3.
1040 c . 39
Statute Law ( Repeals ) Act 1973
SCH . 1
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Horticulture Act In section 3, the words
" or
с. 22. 1960. ( 2 ) ", wherever occurring.
Section 8( 3) and ( 4 ).
Sections 9 to 12.
In section 13( 2) , the words from
"( including " onwards.
In section 15( 2)( b), the word
66 of", where first occurring,
"
and the words from one
"
to " remainder " .
Section 16.
Section 17( 1) .
In section 17( 3)( a ), the words
" Council or ".
Section 17(3)(b).
In section 17( 3) (c ), the words
" in the case of the organisa-
tion, for " .
In section 18, the definitions of
" the Council " and " prepa-
ration for market " .
Section 19.
In Schedule 1, in paragraph 1 ,
the words " the Horticultural
Marketing Council or ".
Schedule 2.
1963 с. 11 . The Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act
1963 .
Section 11 .
In section 12(1), ( 2) and ( 3),
the words " or section 11 ".
In section 16 ( 4), the words
" column 1 of " , the words
from " shall not " to " such
fee" and column 2 of the
Table.
Section 16(7) .
In section 16 ( 8), the words
" subsection (1) or " .
Section 18.
Section 28 .
In section 29( 3) and ( 4 ) the
reference to section 18( 1) .
The Schedule.
PART IX
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO LAND ACQUISITION POWERS
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
5 & 6 Vict. The Defence Act 1842.
с . 94.
In sections 10 and 18, as they
apply to Scotland, the words
from " femes covert " to
" 1960, or " .
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1041
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
55 & 56 Vict.
c .43.
6&7Geo. 5. c. 63. 26 Geo. 5. &
1 Edw. 8.
The Military Lands Act Section 9.
1892. In section 24, the words from
" Provided also " onwards.
The Defence of the Realm| Section 10 (c) , (d) and ( f).
( Acquisition of Land )
Section 12( 4).
Act 1916.
The Air Navigation Act
1936.
Section 26(1 ).
Schedule 4.
c .44 .
2 &3 Geo. 6. The Compensation
In section 2( 1), the words from
c. 75. ( Defence ) Act 1939.
Provided that onwards.66
In section 17(1), in the definition
"
of emergency powers ",
paragraph ( b) except the word
66 or".
8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Requisitioned Land
c.43. and War Works Act
1945.
Section 21.
In section 33(1), the words
" otherwise than by virtue of
Part II of this Act " and the
words from " where the " to
" period".
In section 33( 2), the words
" otherwise than by virtue of
Part II of this Act ".
In section 34 (1), the words
from the beginning to " this
Act" .
Insection34( 2 ), thewords from
" and either " to " this Act ".
Sections 40 to43.
Sections 45, 46 and 54.
In section 60( 3), the words from
the beginning to " section
thirty-one of that Act " and
the words from "for any
reference to a local education
authority " to " authority ".
9& 10Geo. 6. The Acquisition of Land
с .49 .
( Authorisation Pro-
cedure ) Act 1946.
In section 3( 1)(a), the words
"
or an authorisation given
under section two thereof".
In section 3(1)(b), the words
"
or authorisation " .
In Schedule 4, the entries
relating to the following en-
actments , namely, sections
193, 262 and 315 of the Burgh
Police (Scotland ) Act 1892,
the Burgh Police ( Scotland )
Act 1903, the Mental Defi-
ciency and Lunacy ( Scotland)
Act 1913, the Education
( Scotland ) Act 1918, the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1930,
the Town and Country Plan-
ning Act 1932, the Air Navi-
gation Act 1936, the Fire
Brigades Act 1938, the
1042 c .39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter
Shorttitle
Extent of repeal
9 & 10 Geo. 6.
c .49 -cont.
The Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Pro-
cedure ) Act 1946 -cont.
Housing ( Temporary Pro-
visions) Act 1944, the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1944 and
sections 26 and 27 of the
Requisitioned Land and War
Works Act 1945.
Section 2( 2 ) .
10&11 Geo. 6.
c. 22.
10&11 Geo. 6.
с .42 .
The Civic Restaurants
Act1947.
The Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Pro-
cedure ) ( Scotland ) Act
1947.
11&12Geo. 6. The Requisitioned Land
c.17. and War Works Act
1948.
In section 3( 1)( a ), the words
" or an authorisation given
under section two thereof".
In section 3(1)( b), the words
66 or authorisation".
Sections 1 and 2.
Section 3( 2 ) .
Section 4 (1).
In section 4( 2 ), the words
" otherwise than by virtue of
the said Part II".
Section 5.
Section 9.
Section 10(1) , ( 2) and ( 5 ).
Section 11(1) .
Section 18(6 ) .
In section 20( 3), the definition
of " the Transitional Powers
Act".
In the Schedule, paragraph 7.
Section 23.
12, 13 & 14
The War Damage (Public
Geo. 6. c.
Utility Undertakings,
36 .
&c. ) Act 1949.
12, 13 & 14 The Civil Aviation Act
Geo. 6.
1949 .
с. 67.
Section 68.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 10.
In Schedule 2, paragraph 2.
In Schedule 3, paragraph 4.
In Schedule 11 , in paragraph 3,
the words " and twenty-six ".
12 , 13 & 14 The War Damaged Sites Section 8(1) .
Geo. 6.
Act1949.
c .84.
1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Emergency Laws
c.47.
( Miscellaneous Pro-
In Schedule 1, paragraphs 6
and7.
visions) Act 1953.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country Section 53( 3).
c. 72 . Planning Act 1954.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country Section 55( 3).
c. 73. Planning ( Scotland) Act
1954.
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. TheRequisitioned Houses Section 2( 2) and ( 5)(b).
c. 24 . and Housing ( Amend-
ment) Act 1955.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health (Scot-
с.61.land ) Act 1960. In Schedule4, the entry relating
to the Defence Act 1842.
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1043
SCH. 1
Chapter
1965 с. 56.
Short title
Extent of repeal
TheCompulsory Purchase Section 9( 6 ).
Act 1965. Section 25( 4 ) .
In Schedule 2, paragraph 3( 2).
In Schedule 3, paragraph 4( 5).
In column 3 of this Part of this Schedule any reference to an enact-
ment includes a reference to it as applied by or under any other
enactment.
PARTX
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO THE COAL INDUSTRY
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
10 & 11 Geo. 5. | The Mining Industry Act Schedule 2.
1920.
c. 50.
1 Edw. 8. &
1Geo. 6.
c. 56.
1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Coal Act 1938.
c. 52.
The Coal ( Registration of | The whole Act.
Ownership) Act 1937.
Section 1.
Section 3(1).
In section 3( 2 ), the words
"Duringthe period between "
and the words from "all
coal" onwards.
Section 3( 3) .
Section 4.
Section 6 except subsection (2).
Sections 7 to 10.
Sections 12, 13, 17( 3), 18, 20
and 21 .
Sections 23 to 31 .
Sections 35 to 40.
Section 42 ( 2 ).
In section 42( 3), the words
"and in the said Table " and
the words from "and
' private " onwards.
Section 43( 3).
In section 43( 4), the words
" and the Fourth and Fifth
Schedules to this Act".
Section 45(9), (10) and (11).
Sections 56 and 57.
Schedules 1, 3, 4 and 5.
5& 6Geo. 6.
The Coal (Concurrent
The whole Act.
c .19.
Leases) Act 1942.
6&7Geo. 6. The Coal Act 1943.
c .38 .
Sections 4 to 6.
Sections 8 to 10.
Sections 12, 13, 15 and 16.
Schedules 1 and 3.
1044 c . 39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter Short title
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Coal Industry
c. 59. Nationalisation Act
1946 .
14 Geo. 6.
с. 23.
14 &15Geo. 6.
c .41.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
c .59 .
The Coal- Mining ( Sub-
sidence ) Act 1950.
The Coal Industry Act
1951 .
The Coal-Mining ( Sub-
sidence) Act 1957.
Extent of repeal
Section 5( 4).
Sections 10 to 25.
In section 28(1 ), paragraph (a).
In section 38( 3), paragraph (a),
the words from " subsection
( 6 ) " to " and in ", the words
"six, seven and " and the
words from " section thirty-
nine " to " Fifth Schedule".
Section 38(5).
In section 55, the words from
" and subsection ( 7) " on-
wards.
Section 64( 5) .
In Schedule 3, paragraphs 7
and 13.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
Section 8.
In section 18(2), the words from
" and the " onwards.
Chapter
31 & 32 Vict.
с. 118. PARTXI
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Public Schools Act In section 5, the words from
1868. "
the beginning to Special
Commissioners herein-after
mentioned ".
Section 6.
In section 8( 2), the words from
" two months " onwards.
In section 8(3) , the words from
" two months " to " Special
Commissioners " .
In section 9, the words from
" be submitted " to " ap-
proved by them,".
In section 10, the words " of
the Special Commissioners
and" and the words from
66 so that such statutes " on-
wards.
In section 11 , the words from
" after the expiration " to
" Special Commissioners ",
where first occurring, and the
words from " with the ex-
ception " to " Special Com-
missioners ", where last oc-
curring .
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973 c. 39
1045
SCH. 1
Chapter
31 & 32 Vict.
c. 118 -cont.
Short title Extent of repeal
The Public Schools Act | Sections 14, 22 and 24.
1868 -cont.
In section 26, the words from
" Provided firstly " onwards.
In section 32, the words from
" Provided firstly " onwards.
The whole Act.
36 & 37 Vict. c . 62. The Public Schools (Eton
College Property) Act
1873 .
The repeal by this Act of words in section 5 and of sections 6 and 24
of the Public Schools Act 1868 does not affect any statute or scheme
which, immediately before the repeal takes effect, was in force by
virtue of any of those sections.
Chapter
11 Hen. 7.
с. 12 (1495 ). 56 & 57 Vict .
с. 22. 7Edw. 7. c. 51 . 12, 13 and 14
Geo. 6.
c. 51.
PART XII
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO LEGAL AID
Title or short title Extent of repeal
An Acte to admytt such The whole Act.
persons as are poore to
sue in forma pauperis.
The Appeal ( Forma
Pauperis) Act 1893. The whole Act.
The Sheriff Courts ( Scot- Section 51 .
land ) Act 1907 . In Schedule 1, rules 152 to 169.
The Legal Aid and Advice | In section 17( 3) , the words from
Act 1949. " and accordingly " onwards.
Acts ofParliament ofScotland
1424 (Mar. 12) | Anent billis of com-
The whole Act.
c . 24.
1587 с. 57. playntis.
The Criminal Justice Act 1587. In section (10), the words from
"And that all and quhat-
sumeuir liegis " to the end of
the section.
PART XIII
MISCELLANEOUS ENACTMENTS
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
24 Hen. 8. An Acte licensyng the The whole Act.
с. 16 (1532 ) . bochers of London to
kyll theyr cattell within
the walls of the same
cytie .
1046 c .39
Statute Law ( Repeals ) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Chapter
Title or short title Extent of repeal
6Anne c. 11.
The Union with Scotland In article VI, the words from
Act 1706. "And that from and after "
onwards.
Article IX.
In article XIX, the words from
"And that all admiralty
“
jurisdictions " to proper to
be made by the Parliament
of Great Britain " and the
words from " And that there
be a Court of Exchequer "
onwards.
10Geo. 4. c. 7. The Roman Catholic
Relief Act 1829.
In section 5, the words from
" and also to vote " to " such
representative peers ".
17 & 18 Vict. The
с. 112.
Literary and
Scientific Institutions
Act 1854.
23 & 24 Vict. The Medical Act 1860.
In section 33, the words from
" and the London Institution"
to " Knowledge " .
Section 1.
с. 66.
In section 5, the words from
" but this repeal " to " letters
testimonial " and the words
from " and the office "
onwards.
24 & 25 Vict. An Act to repeal certain The whole Act.
c. 78 (1861). enactments relating to
nominating and appoint-
ing the householders of
Westminster to serve as
annoyance jurors , and
tomake other provisions
in lieu thereof .
32 & 33 Vict. The Oyster and Mussel The whole Act.
c. 31 . Fisheries Orders
Confirmation Act 1869
( No. 2 ).
34 & 35 Vict. The Bankruptcy Dis-
c . 50. qualification Act 1871 . In section 2, the words from
" and further " onwards.
In section 4 , the words from
"
" and if a peer to "that
House".
Section 5.
The whole Act.
38 & 39 Vict. The Public Entertain-
c . 21.
ments Act 1875.
38 & 39 Vict. The Employers
and
The whole Act as it applies to
c. 90. Workmen Act 1875 .
Great Britain.
41 & 42 Vict. The Customs and Inland The whole Act.
с. 15. Revenue Act 1878 .
43 & 44 Vict.
The Merchant Seamen The whole Act as it applies to
с . 16. ( Payment of Wages and
Great Britain.
Rating) Act 1880.
45 & 46 Vict. The Revenue, Friendly Section 6.
c. 72.
Societies and National
Debt Act 1882.
46 & 47 Vict. The BankruptcyAct 1883. In section 32 (1) (a ), the words
c . 52."
from or being elected "
onwards.
Statute Law ( Repeals ) Act 1973 c .39
1047
SCH. 1
Chapter
Title or short title
Extent of repeal
47 & 48 Vict.
c . 17.
53 & 54 Vict.
c. 25.
The Metropolitan Police
Act 1884.
The Barracks Act 1890.
The whole Act.
Section 10, including that
section as applied by the Air
Force ( Application of Enact-
ments) (No. 1) Order 1918.
The whole Act.
54 & 55 Vict. The Taxes ( Regulation of
с. 13.
Remuneration ) Act
1891 .
62 & 63 Vict. The Metropolis Water The whole Act.
c . 7. Act 1899.
2 Edw. 7 c. 13. The Labour Bureaux The whole Act.
( London ) Act 1902.
4Edw. 7. c. 13. The London Electric The whole Act.
Lighting Areas Act
1904.
The Wireless Telegraphy
Act 1904.
The Revenue Act 1911 .
4Edw . 7. c. 24.
The whole Act.
1 & 2 Geo. 5.
c . 2 .
1&2Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1911.
c.48.
2&3 Geo. 5. The London Institution
c. 13.
( Transfer ) Act 1912.
6&7Geo. 5. The Police, Factories, &c. Section 3.
с. 31. ( Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1916.
7 & 8 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1917.
Section 35( 4 ).
с. 31.
7 & 8 Geo. 5. The Police Constables
c . 36. ( Naval and Military
Service) Act 1917.
The whole Act, except section
10 as that section applies to
Northern Ireland.
Section 21 .
Section 22 ( 2 ) .
The whole Act.
The whole Act, including that
Act as applied by the Air
Force (Application of Enact-
ments) ( No. 2) Order 1918.
The whole Act.
15 & 16Geo. 5. The Canals (Continuance
с. 2. of Charging Powers)
Act 1924.
15 & 16Geo. 5. The Administration of
c. 28. Justice Act 1925.
In section 28, the words " the
Lord Chief Justice or the
President ", wherever occur-
ring, and the words " as the
case may be ".
Section 29( 2) .
15& 16Geo. 5. The Wireless Telegraphy The whole Act.
c. 67. ( Explanation ) Act 1925.
16&17Geo. 5. The Wireless Telegraphy The whole Act.
c .54 . ( Blind Persons Facili-
ties ) Act 1926.
20&21Geo. 5. The Development (Loan The whole Act.
c .7. Guarantees and Grants)
Act 1929.
2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Camps Act 1939. The whole Act as it applies to
c . 22 . England and Wales.
2&3Geo. 6. The Execution of Trusts The whole Act.
c .114 . ( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1939.
1048 c .39
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973
SCH. 1 Chapter
Title or short title 3 &4Geo. 6. The Truck Act 1940.
c. 38.
Extent of repeal
Section 1(1) and (3).
Section 2.
In section 3( 2 ), the words from
" Save " to " section ".
The whole Act.
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Confirmation of
с.41.
Executors (War Service)
( Scotland ) Act 1940.
4 & 5 Geo. 6. The Diplomatic The whole Act.
c. 7.
Privileges
Act 1941 . ( Extension )
4 & 5 Geo. 6.
c.12.
4& 5 Geo. 6.
c . 36.
The War Damage Act Section 88.
1941.
The Financial Powers The whole Act.
(U.S.A. Securities ) Act
1941.
7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Guardianship| The whole Act.
c. 8.
( Refugee Children) Act
1944 .
8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Camps Act 1945. The whole Act.
с. 26.
9 & 10 Geo. 6.
c. 26.
The Emergency Laws
( Transitional Provisions)
Act 1946.
In section 16, the words or
under Regulation fifty Bof the
Defence ( General ) Regu-
lations 1939 ".
9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Trade Disputes and
c. 52. Trade Unions Act 1946.
In section 1, the words from
" subject to " to " to this
Act".
The Schedule.
10 &11 Geo. 6. The Cotton (Centralised The whole Act.
c. 26. Buying) Act 1947.
10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Local Government Section 377(7).
c. 43. ( Scotland ) Act 1947.
11 & 12Geo. 6.
The Supreme Court of The whole Act.
c . 20.
Judicature ( Amend-
ment) Act 1948.
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Cotton Act 1954.
The whole Act.
c . 24.
c. 50. 2 & 3 Eliz . 2. The Housing ( Repairs | Sections 12, 15, 40 and 43.
and Rents) ( Scotland )
Section 44 ( 2) and (3) .
Act 1954.
Schedule 4 .
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Wireless Telegraphy
The whole Act.
c . 2. ( Validation of Charges)
Act 1954.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons
с. 20. Disqualification Act
1957.
Section 14( 1) and ( 2 ).
In Part I of Schedule 1, the
words Umpire or Deputy
"
Umpire appointed for the
purposes of the Old Age
Pensions Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1936 " .
In Part II of Schedule 1, the
words " The Consumer Coun-
cil ", the words " The Iron and
Steel Holding and Realisation
Agency " and the words " The
Sites Commission constituted
under the Industries Develop-
ment Act ( Northern Ireland)
1945".
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c. 39
1049
Chapter
Title or short title
Extent of repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
c . 20 -cont.
The House of Commons
Disqualification Act
1957 -cont.
In Part III of Schedule 1, in the
entry beginning " Chairman
or Reserve Chairman of a
Local Tribunal constituted
for the purposes of the
National Insurance Act 1965 "
the words or the National
Insurance ( Industrial Injuries)
Act 1965 ", and the words
" Chairman of the Post Office
Users' Council ".
In Part II of Schedule 1 as
substituted by Schedule 3
( Northern Ireland ), the words
" The Consumer Council ",
the words " The Iron and
Steel Holding and Realisation
Agency ", the words " The
Sites Commission constituted
under the Industries Develop-
ment Act ( Northern Ireland)
1945", the words " The Trans-
port Tribunal for Northern
Ireland " and the words " The
Ulster TransportAuthority ".
In Part III of Schedule 1 as
substituted by Schedule 3
( Northern Ireland ), the words
" Chairman of the Post Office
Users' Council ".
Schedule 4.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Public Records Act In Schedule 2, the entry relating
c. 51 .
1958.
to the Cotton ( Centralised
Buying) Act 1947.
1967 с. 34.
1967 с. 57.
1968 с. 13 .
1971 с. 23.
The Industrial Injuries
and Diseases ( Old Cases)
Act 1967.
The Control of Liquid
Fuel Act 1967.
The National Loans Act
Act 1968
The Courts Act 1971
In section 13(1)( a ), the words
"or falling to be construed as
a reference to ".
The whole Act.
Section 21 ( 4) .
In Schedule 2 , in paragraph 6,
the words " section 13 of " .
SCH. 1
Acts ofParliament ofScotland
1503 с. 9.
1540 с. 22. 1563 с. 17. The Spuilzie Act 1503 . The whole Act.
The Judges Act 1540 . The whole Act.
The Notaries Act 1563. The whole Act.
1681 с. 83. The Judicial Sale Act The whole Act.
1681.
1690 с. 49.
The Judicial Sale Act The whole Act.
1690.
1695 с. 8.
The Judicial Sale Act The whole Act,
1695
1050 SCH. 1
Section 1 ( 2 ).
1878 с. 68.
1887 с. 46.
1831 с. 37.
1875 с. 90.
1920 с. 67.
1957 с. 20.
c.39
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973
Chapter Title or short title Extent of repeal
Acts ofParliament ofIreland
3 & 4 Phil. & | The Queen
Regents' | The whole Act.
Mar. c. 14
Prerogative
Act
( Ir . )
( Ireland ) 1556.
2 Eliz. 1. c. 1.
The Act of Supremacy
( Ir . )
( Ireland ) 1560.
7 Will. 3. c. 3.
The Settlement
of
The preamble.
Sections 1, 3, 4, 6, 16 and 17.
The whole Act.
( Ir . )
Ireland Act 1695.
SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS
The Bishoprics Act 1878
1. In section 5 of the Bishoprics Act 1878 (which among other
things provides that the number of bishops who are members of the
House of Lords shall not be increased by the foundation of a new
bishopric in pursuance of that Act ), for the words " in pursuance of
this Act " there shall be substituted the words " after the year 1846 ".
The Truck Amendment Act 1887
2.- (1 ) In section 2 of the Truck Amendment Act 1887 (which applies
the Truck Act 1831 to workmen as defined in section 10 of the Employ-
ers and Workmen Act 1875 ) the words from " as defined " to " ten "
and from " to whom " to " this Act" shall be omitted and at the end
of the section there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
In this section " workman " does not include a seaman or a
domestic or menial servant but means any other person who,
being a labourer, servant in husbandry, journeyman, artificer,
handicraftsman, miner, or otherwise engaged in manual labour,
whether under the age of eighteen years or above that age, has
entered into or works under a contract with an employer, whether
the contract be made before or after the passing of this Act, be
express or implied, oral or in writing, and be a contract of service
or a contract personally to execute any work or labour.
( 2 ) The preceding sub-paragraph shall not extend to Northern
Ireland; but nothing in the Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall
preclude the Parliament of Northern Ireland from enacting provisions
corresponding to that sub-paragraph.
The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957
3. In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualifi-
cation Act 1957 (which specifies offices of which the holders are
disqualified under that Act ), in the entry beginning " Chairman or
Reserve Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted for the purposes
ofthe National Insurance Act 1965 " the word " or" shall be inserted
after the words " National Insurance Act 1965 ".
Statute Law (Repeals ) Act 1973 c. 39
1051
The Horticulture Act 1960 SCH. 2
4 .- (1) In subsection (1) of section 13 of the Horticulture Act 1960 1960 c. 22.
( ofwhich sections 13 and 14 have, since the dissolution of the Horti-
cultural Marketing Council, had effect only as applied by subsection
( 6 ) of section 15 of that Act to organisations established under that
section), for the words " the Council " there shall be substituted the
words " an organisation established in pursuance of section 15 of this
Act ( hereafter in this section and the following section referred to as a
" relevant organisation ") " .
( 2 ) In subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3) of that section and subsections (1 )
to ( 5) of section 14 of that Act , for the words " The Council " or " the
Council ", wherever they occur except in the last place in section 14( 2 ),
there shall be substituted the words "Arelevant organisation " or as
the case may be " a relevant organisation ".
( 3) For the words " the Council " where they first occur in section
14 ( 6 ) of that Act there shall be substituted the words " the relevant
organisation in question " and for the words " the Council " in the
last place where they occur in section 14( 2) and the second and third
places where they occur in section 14( 6 ) of that Act there shall be
substituted the words " the organisation " .
( 4 ) In section 15 of that Act, for subsection ( 6 ) there shall be
substituted the following subsection: -
( 6 ) An order under subsection (1) of this section shall provide
for Part II of Schedule I to the House of Commons Disqualification
Act 1957 ( which specifies bodies of which the members are dis-
qualified under that Act ) to have effect in its application to the
House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
with the insertion at the appropriate place in alphabetical order
ofthe name ofthe organisation established by the order.
c.40 1053
ELIZABETH II
bodoe
OH
PENSE
DIEU
FT AMONDRO
Appropriation Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 40
An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to
the service of the year ending on 31st March 1974, and
to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session
of Parliament.
[25th July 1973]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
W
7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
assembled, towards making good the supply which we
have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of
Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum
hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech
Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the
Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the
same, as follows : -
GRANT OUT OF CONSOLIDATED FUND
1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Issue out of the
the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply Consolidated
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on
Fund for the
year ending 31st
31st March 1974 the sum of £10,835,083,700.
March 1974.
APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS
2. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation
in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated of sums voted
Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for supply services .
amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate,
to the sum of £19,188,983,096.23 are appropriated, and shall
be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the
passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule ( A), for the
services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.
c . 40
1054 Appropriation Act 1973
1891 с. 24.
Short title.
The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with
the notes (if any ) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part
of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in
the body thereof .
In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated
Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under
section 2 of the Public Accounts and Charges Act 1891, to be
applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services
and purposes specified in Schedule ( B) annexed hereto the sums
respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.
3. This Act may be cited as the Appropriation Act 1973.
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1055
ABSTRACT
OF
SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this
Act refers
SCHEDULE (A)
Grants out of the Consolidated Fund...
Section 2.
£ 19,188,983,096-23
SCHEDULE (B) -APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS
Section 2.
Supply
Grants
Appropriations inAid
£ £
1971-72 and 1972-73
Part 1. Civil ( Excesses), 1971-72 6,899,878-43 229,476-70
Part 2. Defence ( Excesses),
1971-72 26,624,217-80 6,324,724-52
Part 3. Civil Departments
( Supplementary), 1972-73- 964,025,000 30,411,140
Part 4. Defence ( Supple-
mentary), 1972-73- 268,981,000 35,343,000
1,266,530,096-23 72,308,341-22
c .40
1056 Appropriation Act 1973
SCHEDULE (B) .-APPROPRIATION OF GRANTS -continued
Supply
Grants
£
Appropriations in Aid
£
1973-74
Part 5. Civil, Class I- 270,414,000 8,580,200
Part 6 . Civil, Class II 393,701,000 13,023,000
Part 7. Civil, Class III 614,797,000 35,966,010
Part 8. Civil, Class IV 2,159,266,000 176,031,000
Part 9. Civil, Class V-- 448,106,000 18,862,000
Part 10. Civil, Class VI 5,362,511,000 89,450,200
Part 11. Civil, Class VII 4,427,923,000 467,660,000
Part 12. Civil, Class VIII- 736,144,000 155,926,000
Part 13. Civil, Class IX 39,092,000 1,380,500
Part 14. Civil, Class X 330,757,000 123,489,830
Part 15. Civil, Class XI- 50,906,000 866,900
Part 16. Defence, Class XII - 3,088,836,000 557,768,000
TOTAL, CIVIL AND
DEFENCE - £ 17,922,453,000 1,649,003,640
GRAND TOTAL 1,721,311,981-22- £ 19,188,983,096.23
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1057
SCHEDULE (A)
GRANTS OUT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FUND
£
For the service of the year ended 31st
March 1972-
Under Act 1973 c. 10...
For the service of the year ended 31st
March 1973-
Under Act 1972 c. 78... ... ...
Under Act 1973 c. 1... ... ...
Under Act 1973 c. 10... ... ...
For the service of the year ending on 31st
March 1974-
Under Act 1972 c. 78... ...
Under Act 1973 с. 10... ... ...
Under this Act... ... ... ...
33,524,096-23
372,107,000
590,988,000
269,911,000
5,937,369,300
1,150,000,000
10,835,083,700
TOTAL ... ... ... ... ... 19,188,983,096-23
Part II
L
с . 40
1058 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
( Excesses),
1971-72.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 1
CIVIL (EXCESSES), 1971-72
SUMS granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in
aid in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants
for Civil Services for the year ended 31st March 1972, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropriations in Aid
Vote
£ £
CLASS III
7. PRISONS, ENGLAND AND WALES
14. SUPREME COURT OF JUDICATURE,
&C. , NORTHERN IRELAND
344,793.50 621,336-89
10.00 732-91
CLASS IV
5. DEPARTMENT OF TRADE AND IN-
DUSTRY (INDUSTRIAL SERVICES) 10.00 6,430-52
5A. DEPARTMENT OF TRADE AND IN-
DUSTRY (CIVIL AEROSPACE)- 10.00 168-92
8. ATOMIC ENERGY 10.00 79.58
14. MINISTRY OF DEFENCE (AVIATION
SUPPLY ) 4,303,118.68 * -3,175,210-25
CLASS V
1. MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE, FISH-
ERIES AND FOOD
110,456-23
CLASS VI
5. CIVIL ACCOMMODATION SERVICES,
&C. , UNITED KINGDOM -
52,045-88 2,615,274-17
7. DEFENCE ACCOMMODATION SER-
VICES, &C.- 258,370-03 40,138-31
12. TRANSPORT SERVICES 1,082,828-37 * -4,493.00
15. ROADS AND TRANSPORT SERVICES,
WALES- 748,195-74 *-4,812-15
19. DEPARTMENT OF THE ENVIRON-
MENT (RESEARCH) - 10.00 49,540-59
* Deficit.
c. 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1059
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 1-continued
Civil
( Excesses ),
1971-72.
Vote
Supply
Grants
£
Appropriations in Aid
£
CLASSVIII
7. SCIENCE RESEARCH COUNCIL
10.00 80,178-11
CLASS IX
12. NATIONAL GALLERIES OF SCOT-
LAND 10.00 112-10
TOTAL, CIVIL ( EXCESSES), 1971-
72 - £ 6,899,878-43 229,476-70
Part II L2
c . 40
1060 Appropriation Act 1973
Defence
( Excesses ),
1971-72.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 2
DEFENCE (EXCESSES ), 1971-72
SUMS granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in
aid in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants
for Defence Services for the year ended 31st March 1972, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropriations in Aid
Vote
£ £
CLASS XII
2. PAY, ALLOWANCES, &C. , OF THE
ARMY-
3,757,569.39 *-164,697-49
5. DEFENCE ADMINISTRATIVE SER-
VICES, STORES AND SUPPLIES
- 8,188,663-30 5,273,703-00
6. MINISTRY OF DEFENCE, PAY, &C. ,
OF CIVILIANS 3,846,353-62 94,805-07
7. DEFENCE EQUIPMENT AND RE-
LATED STORES- 5,567,185-84 1,990,711.63
8. ROYAL ORDNANCE FACTORIES 1,018,294-92 *-869,797.69
9. DEFENCE PURCHASING (REPAY-
MENT) SERVICES 4,246,150-73
TOTAL, DEFENCE ( EXCESSES),
1971-72 - £ 26,624,217-80 6,324,724-52
* Deficit.
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1061
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 3
Civil
Departments
( Supple- mentary ),
CIVIL DEPARTMENTS (SUPPLEMENTARY), 1972-73
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTARY SUMS granted, and of the sums which
may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to
defray the charges for the Civil Services herein particularly
mentioned for the year ended 31st March 1973, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS I
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the House
ofLords
56,000
2. For the salaries and expenses of the House
of Commons, including certain grants
in aid-
626,000 1,000
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Treasury
and subordinate departments and the
National Economic Development
Council- -
605,000 61,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil
Service Department, of the Civil Service
College , of the Office of the Parliament-
ary Counsel, and sundry other services
including a subscription to an inter-
national organisation and grants in aid
324,000 56,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
Cabinet Office, and the Chancellor of the
Duchy of Lancaster; and a subscription
to an international organisation -
135,000-
6. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Most
Honourable Privy Council --
- 1,000 * -500
7. For the salaries and expenses of the
Customs and Excise Department ;
expenses of Value Added Tax Tribunals ;
and a subscription to an international
organisation
3,090,000 415,000
8. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland
Revenue Department
12,200,000 840,000
10. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Comptroller and
Auditor General
33,000 50,000
* Deficit.
Part II
L3
c . 40
1062 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple-
mentary ),
1972-73.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 3-continued
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS I -continued
Vote
11. For the salaries and expenses of Royal
Commissions, committees, special en-
quiries, &c. , and for a grant in aid
12. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Parliamentary Commissioner for
Administration and the Health Service
Commissioners ( Designate) for England,
Scotland and Wales-
33,000-
13,000-
CLASS II
1. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ;
Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service; and
sundry other services connected there-
with-
2. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office on sundry grants
and services, including subscriptions,
&c. , to certain international organisa-
tions and certain grants in aid
3. For a grant in aid of the British Council
4. For the salaries and expenses of the
Foreign and Commonwealth Office
( Overseas Development Administra-
tion ) , including refund of selective
employment tax to the Commonwealth
Development Corporation -
5. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office (Overseas Devel-
opment Administration ) on loans and
grants and services connected with over-
seas aid, including loans made to the
Commonwealth Development Corpora-
tion under the Overseas Resources
Development Acts 1959 to 1969 ; for
subscriptions to certain international
organisations and for certain grants in
aid-
• Deficit.
4,658,000
487,000
3,257,000
904,000
157,000
-
252,000 *-231,000
167,000 622,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1063
SCHEDULE (B) . -PART 3-continued
Civil
Departments
( Supple- mentary ),
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
1972-73.
£ £
CLASS II -continued
Vote
6. For expenditure by the Foreign and
Commonwealth Office ( Overseas De-
velopment Administration ) on sundry
services connected with overseas aid,
including certain grants in aid-
1,083,000 7,000
CLASS III
1. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
the Home Department ; expenses and
grants in connection with certain law ,
fire , community and sundry other
services; and certain grants in aid
2. For the expenses of the Scottish Home
and Health Department; for a grant to
the Legal Aid ( Scotland ) Fund; for
expenses in connection with fire and
sundry other services ; and for a grant
inaid
4. For grants and expenses in connection
with civil defence in Scotland and
certain remanet expenditure
5. For grants in respect of expenditure in-
curred by police authorities in England
and Wales, expenses in connection with
the police services and a subscription to
an international organisation
6. For grants in respect of expenditure in-
curred by police authorities in Scotland,
and expenses in connection with the
police services-
7. For the salaries and expenses of prison
service establishments in England and
Wales-
16,268,000 501,000
127,000 13,000
1,000 15,000
12,045,000 365,000
2,184,000 86,000
5,816,000 882,000
Part II L4
c . 40
1064 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary),
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE (B) . -PART 3-continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS III-continued
Vote
9. For such of the salaries and expenses of the
Supreme Court of Judicature, County
Courts, Law Commission and Courts-
Martial Appeal Court as are not charged
on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries
and expenses of the Lord Chancellor's
Office, the Judge Advocate General and
Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions
Appeal Tribunals, the Lands Tribunal,
Council on Tribunals, the Restrictive
Practices Court and National Industrial
Relations Court, a contribution to the
International Association of Youth
Magistrates, and certain other expenses
11. For the salaries and expenses of the Law
Officers' Department, the Department
of Her Majesty's Procurator-General
and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her
Majesty's Treasury and the Department
of the Director of Public Prosecutions;
for the costs of prosecutions and other
legal proceedings and of Parliamentary
Agency
12. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord
Advocate's Department, of the Courts
of Law and Justice, of the Scottish Law
Commission, and of the Courts, Tri-
bunals, &c.; and for sundry services,
and a grant in aid-
477,000 553,000
353,000 51,000
99,000 70,000
13. For such of the salaries and expenses of
the Supreme Court of Judicature and
Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern
Ireland as are not charged on the Con-
solidated Fund; the salaries and
expenses of Pensions Appeals in
Northern Ireland and certain other
expenses- 24,000 8,000
14. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
the Northern Ireland Department and
of the Northern Ireland Commission;
for certain grants in aid and sundry
other services- - 60,113,000--
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1065
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 3 -continued
Supply Grants Appropria-
tions inAid
Civil
Departments ( Supple-
mentary),
1972-73 .
£ £
CLASS IV
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Committee of Privy Council for
Trade, the Headquarters of the Depart-
ment of Trade and Industry, the Patent
Office, the Monopolies Commission
and for other services including sub-
scriptions to international organisations,
grants in aid and payments to the
Foreign Compensation Commission
2. For the construction, maintenance and
operation of civil aerodromes, for civil
air navigational services, for public
investment, for contributions, &c. , to
certain international organisations ,
grants in aid, certain repayments, &c. ,
of selective employment tax, and for
sundry other services
2A. For services connected with shipping,
for a contribution to an international
organisation, and for sundry other
services-
3. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on export promo-
tion, including subscriptions to certain
international organisations and grants
inaid
4. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on the development
of industrial and technological services
and on other services, including invest-
ments, loans, grants and guarantees,
subscriptions to international organisa-
tions and grants in aid-
5. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on research and
development and the determination of
standards, including salaries and ex-
penses of the Industrial Research
Establishments, contracts with industry,
&c.; sundry other services ; subscrip-
tions to international organisations and
grants in aid-
1,447,000 566,000
39,728,000 4,467,000
1,327,000 *-624,000
1,000-
2,000-
1,000
* Deficit.
c . 40
1066 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil,
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 3 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS IV -continued
Vote
6. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on research and
development; on development and
production ( otherwise than by way of
supply ) of civil aircraft and associated
equipment; on contributions to inter-
national organisations, loans, the pur-
chase of certain assets and part of the
undertaking of a company, and sundry
other items-
7. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry in connection with
the nationalised fuel and steel industries,
including certain repayments, &c. , of
selective employment tax; expenditure
on the operation and maintenance of
Government- owned oil installations, cer-
tain revenue payments and a grant in aid
9. Forpayments towards meeting the expenses
of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy
Authority, for subscriptions , &c. , to
international projects and organisations,
for the administration of a national
stockpile of uranium ore, for grants in
aid, for guarantees, and for expenses
arising from industrial reorganisation,
including the purchase of shares
10. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Secretary
of State for Employment, including an
employment medical advisory service;
salaries and expenses of the Office of
Manpower Economics, the Commission
on Industrial Relations and certain
other Tribunals and Committees ; grants
and loans for employment, training,
rehabilitation, the seriously disabled,
and for the promotion of industrial
efficiency; a subscription to the Inter-
national Labour Organisation; sundry
other services and grants in aid-
12. For the salaries and expenses of the Export
Credits Guarantee Department, includ-
ing a subscription to an international
organisation, and for payments under
guarantees given after consultation with
theExport Guarantees Advisory Council
* Deficit
70,000
-
514,000 140,000
6,059,000 2,769,000
27,085,000 * -674,000
13,841,000 * -10,087,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1067
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Civil
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73.
£
£
CLASS IV -continued
Vote
14. For salaries and expenses of and payments
made by the Export Credits Guarantee
Department in connection with the in-
surance of overseas investment-
15. For the salaries and expenses of the
Ministry of Posts and Telecommunica-
tions; for grants to, and grants in aid of ,
the British Broadcasting Corporation;
for certain payments to the Post Office;
for subscriptions to international organi-
sations ; and for sundry other services
CLASS V
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food; of the Royal Botanic Gardens,
Kew; of the White Fish Authority and
Scottish Committee ; of the Plant Variety
Rights Office; and of the Meat and
Livestock Commission
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on the salaries and expenses of the
Crofters Commission, the Red Deer
Commission and the Royal Botanic
Garden, Edinburgh; and sundry other
agricultural, horticultural, food and
harbour services including grants, loans
and grants in aid; and for refunds of
selective employment tax to agricultural,
horticultural and forestry employers
3. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food on
grants and subsidies for the encourage-
ment of food production and the
improvement of agriculture and for
sundry other services
5. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in
implementation of agricultural price
guarantees and for sundry other services
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in con-
nection with land drainage and flood
protection and sundry agricultural and
food services including grants , loans,
grants in aid, certain subscriptions to
international organisations and for
refunds of selective employment tax to
agricultural, horticultural and forestry
employers
* Deficit.
92,000 *-102,000
- 4,602,000 98,000
3,451,000 188,000
1,410,000 292,990
4,850,000-
1,000-
13,490,000 808,000
c . 40
1068 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple
mentary ),
1972-73.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 3-continued
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS V -continued
Vote
9. For grants, loans and expenses in connec-
tion with assistance to fishermen ; grants
and loans to the White Fish Authority ;
expenditure on research and develop-
ment relating to fisheries and fish
marketing and on the construction,
improvement and maintenance of
harbours and fishing facilities ; sub-
scriptions to certain international
organisations and a grant in aid of the
White Fish Marketing Fund
10. In connection with Scottish fisheries and
the United Kingdom herring industry
for grants, loans and expenses in con-
nection with assistance to fishermen,
fishery protection, research and develop-
ment relating to fisheries and fish
marketing and the construction, im-
provement and maintenance of harbours
and fishing facilities ; and a grant in aid
of the Herring Marketing Fund-
10A. For the salaries and expenses of the Inter-
vention Board for Agricultural Produce;
for carrying out the obligations of the
United Kingdom under the common
agricultural policy of the European
Economic Community in connection
with arrangements for import and
export, support for certain agricultural
and other products including fish,
assistance to producers, and for sundry
other services-
11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund
1,960,000
210,000
6,477,000
200,000
430,000
CLASS VI
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Environment, and
certain Tribunals, Commissions, Com-
mittees, &c. , and for expenditure on the
collection of motor vehicle duties, &c. ,
and the registration of motor vehicles
in Great Britain
* Deficit.
10,070,000 -1,730,000
c. 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1069
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Civil
Departments ( Supple-
mentary ),
1972-73 .
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS VI -continued
Vote
2. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Secretary of State for Scotland;
and other services, including a grant in
aid
3. For the expenses of the Scottish Develop-
ment Department and the salaries and
expenses of certain tribunals, &c.; for
grants and payments, including loans, in
connection with environmental services,
selective employment refunds and rate
rebates , assistance to the hotel industry,
storm damage relief and sundry other
services , including a grant in aid to the
Highlands and Islands Development
Board and other grants in aid-
4. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Secretary of State for Wales and
certain tribunals, commissions, &c.;
grants and expenses in connection with
health services, environmental services
and civil defence; grants and loans in
connection with primary and secondary
education; tax and rating payments
including selective employment refunds ;
assistance to tourism and the hotel
industry; historic buildings and ancient
monuments, sundry other services in-
cluding loans and grants in aid- -
5. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services , &c. , for civil
purposes in the United Kingdom and
sundry other services ; on ancient
monuments; on building development ;
certain grants in aid; and on assistance
to the Zoological Society of London
6. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services , &c. , for civil
purposes overseas-
7. For expenditure, including loans, on public
building and certain accommodation
services , &c. , for defence purposes
* Deficit.
1,800,000 15,000
1,611,000-
1,246,000 * - ?10,000
5,501,000-
1,000 1,099,000
- 2,000,000 *-510,00)
c . 40
1070 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73.
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3 -continued
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS VI-continued
Vote
10. For grants and other payments in con-
nection with the provision, improve-
ment, repair, purchase and renting of
housing accommodation, slum clear-
ance, the improvement of the environ-
ment of residential areas and the Rent
Officer Service- 674,000 * -30,000
11. For services connected with transport
industries, including grants and a grant
in aid to nationalised industries ; other
transport services connected with ports
and a Channel Tunnel, including grants,
loans and subscriptions to certain inter-
national organisations ; repayments ,
&c. , of selective employment tax to
nationalised industries and sundry other
services- -
12. For services connected with inland trans-
port, including grants for the assistance
of public transport ; subscriptions to
certain international organisations ; and
sundry other services
16. For grants and payments in connection
with environmental services, civil defence
and surveys ; tax, rating, compensation,
&c. , payments including refunds of
selective employment tax; a sundry
other services including loans ; a sub-
scription to an international organisa-
tion and grants in aid
17. For expenditure by the Department of the
Environment on research, and for certain
grants and grants in aid
18. For rate support grants to local authorities
in England and Wales
19. For rate support grants and equalisation
grants to local authorities in Scotland
53,600,000-
12,304,000-
15,165,000-
720,000 50,000
206,000,000-
20,887,000-
20. For the salaries and expenses of the
Property Services Agency 5,000,000-
* Deficit.
Appropriation Act 1973 1071
c . 40
SCHEDULE (B ). -PART 3 -continued
Civil
Departments ( Supple-
Supply
Grants Appropria- tions inAid
mentary ),
1972-73.
£ £
CLASS VI -continued
Vote
21. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services, &c. , in respect
of Royal Palaces, Royal Parks and
museums, &c. , and sundry other ser-
vices, on historic buildings and ancient
monuments; certain grants in aid; and
on assistance to the Zoological Society
of London
3,426,000-
CLASS VII
1. For the salaries and expenses of Her
Majesty's Secretary of State for Social
Services and the Department of Health
and Social Security, including appellate,
advisory and sundry other services, for
certain selective employment refunds,
a subscription to an international
organisation and the expenses of the
shadow Occupational Pensions Board
2. For the provision of hospital services, &c. ,
under the National Health Service, &c. ,
in England; and other services
9,415,000 8,393,000
- 60,188,000 1,705,000
3. For the provision of Executive Councils'
Services, &c. , under the National Health
Service in England-
32,408,000 591,000
4. For the provision in England of certain
miscellaneous services under the
National Health Service, &c.; for
certain welfare and child care services
including some child care services and
compensation for loss of office in
Wales; for a subscription to the World
Health Organisation and for certain
grants in aid; and for sundry services
4,154,000 134,000
5. For the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Scotland and
other health and welfare services includ-
ing a grant in aid- 18,585,000 212,000
6. For the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Wales, other
health and welfare services and certain
grants for child care 6,252,000 67,000
c . 40
1072 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary) ,
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
CLASS VII-continued
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on pensions,
allowances , gratuities, &c. , payable
under section 6( 6 ) of the National
Health Service Act 1946, or under
regulations made under section 10 of
the Superannuation Act 1972; and
certain payments to the National Insur-
ance Fund
8. For expenditure by the Scottish Home
and Health Department on pensions,
allowances and gratuities, &c. , payable
under section 6( 8) of the National
Health Service ( Scotland ) Act 1947, or
under regulations made under section
10 of the Superannuation Act 1972 ; and
certain payments to the National In-
surance Fund- - -
11. For supplementary pensions and allow-
ances, &c. , old persons' retirement pen-
sions , &c. , family income supplements,
attendance allowance and lump sum
payments for retirement and supple-
mentary pensioners, &c.-
2,000 4,627,000
1,000 942,000
164,000,000 * -13,000,000
CLASS VIII
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Secretary
of State for Education and Science;
for grants and loans in connection with
education, &c. , for sundry services,
certain grants in aid and a subscription
to an international organisation- 4,543,000-
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Education and Science on superannua-
tion allowances and gratuities, &c. , in
respect of teachers, and the widows,
children and dependants of deceased
teachers
2,000 11,840,000
* Deficit.
c .40
Appropriation Act 1973 1073
SCHEDULE (B) . -PART 3-continued
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
1972-73 .
£
£
CLASS VIII-continued
Vote
4. For expenditure by the Scottish Home and
Health Department on superannuation
allowances and gratuities, &c. , in respect
of teachers and the widows , children
and dependants of deceased teachers
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
University Grants Committee, for
grants in aid and grants towards the
expenses of, and for loans to, universi-
ties, colleges, the British Academy, &c. ,
and for other services-
6. For grants in aid of the Social Science
Research Council including a subscrip-
tion to an international organisation-
7. For grants in aid of the Science Research
Council including subscriptions to
certain international organisations
8. For grants in aid of the Natural Environ-
ment Research Council including a sub-
scription to an international organisa-
tion-
9. For grants in aid of the Medical Research
Council including subscriptions to cer-
tain international organisations
10. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural
Research Council
11. For the salaries and expenses of the British
Museum ( Natural History), including
a purchase grant in aid
12. For grants in aid of certain institutions
and bodies, for other grants and services
CLASS IX
2,000 1,173,000
45,405,000-
129,000-
1,780,000-
530,000-
1,686,000-
939,000-
221,000 * -110,000
1,000 *-10,000
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
British Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid 602,000 *-252,000
2. For the salaries and expenses of the
Science Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid-
* Deficit.
208,000 * -125 000
c . 40
1074 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
CLASS IX -continued
Vote
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Victoria and Albert Museum, including
purchase grants in aid
4. For the salaries and expenses of the
Imperial War Museum, including a
purchase grant in aid
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
London Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid
6. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Gallery, including a purchase
grant in aid
7. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Maritime Museum, including
a purchase grant in aid
8. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Portrait Gallery, including a
purchase grant in aid
9. For the salaries and expenses of the Tate
Gallery, including a grant in aid
10. For the salaries and expenses of the
Wallace Collection-
11. 286,000 * -173,000
72,000 * -54,000
37,000 *-19,000
1,022,000 * -171,000
120,000 *-85,000
42,000 * -50,000
200,000 * -105,000
26,000 *-16,000
For the salaries and expenses of the Royal
Scottish Museum, including purchase
grants in aid, a grant to the Scottish
Council for Museums and Galleries and
a grant in aid of the Royal Scottish
Geographical Society 47,000 *-29,650
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Gallery of Scotland, the
Scottish National Gallery of Modern
Art and the Scottish National Portrait
Gallery, including purchase grants in
aid
102,000 * -34,000
13. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Library of Scotland, including
a purchase grant in aid
20,000-
* Deficit.
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1075
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Civil
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
Departments ( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73.
£
£
CLASS IX-continued
Vote
14. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Museum of Antiquities of
Scotland, including a purchase grant in
aid-
7,000 * -4,000
15. For grants in aid of the National Library
of Wales and the National Museum of
Wales and a grant to the Council of
Museums in Wales
142,000
-
16. For grants to, and grants in aid of, certain
institutions and bodies connected with
the arts and with crafts ; and for
expenditure on research projects and
surveys 189,000-
CLASSX
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Charity Commission for England and
Wales- - 33,000-
2. For the salaries and expenses of the
Crown Estate Office- 31,000
-
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Registry of Friendly Societies 1,000 11,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal
Mint in the production of coins, medals,
badges, dies, seals, &c.; for the with-
drawal of coin; and in connection with
the introduction of a decimal coinage -
2,000 2,005,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Debt Office and Pensions
Commutation Board-
1,000 28,000
6. For the salaries and expenses of the
establishment under the Public Works
Loan Commission and the expenses of
the Commission
1,000 4,000
7. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Public Trustee 1,000 49,000
8. For the salaries and expenses of the Land
Registry 1,000 1,167,000
-
9. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading
Agreements 9,000
-
* Deficit .
c . 40
1076 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil
Departments
( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73 .
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 3-continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
CLASS X-continued
Vote
10. For the survey of Great Britain and other
mapping services- 964,000 492,000
11. For the salaries and expenses of the Public
Record Office 28,000
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
Scottish Record Office; and grants in
aid 17,000 4,000
-
13. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of Population Censuses and Surveys,
including a grant in aid
14. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Registrar General
of Births , Deaths and Marriages in
Scotland
15. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Registers of Scotland
16. For the salaries and expenses, including
publicity, of the Department for
National Savings
17. For the salaries and expenses of the Rating
of Government Property Department,
and for rates and contributions in lieu
of rates for property occupied by the
Crown and premises occupied by rep-
resentatives of Commonwealth and
foreign countries and international
organisations-
19. For the salaries and expenses of the
Central Office of Information
20. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Government Actuary
21. For a grant in aid of the Government
Hospitality Fund
22. For civil superannuation and other
pensions and non- recurrent payments ;
and for certain other expenditure in
connection therewith -
93,000 55,000
70,000 22,000
1,000 46,000
1,449,000 2,495,000
1,650,000 * -200,000
1,636,000 50,000
8,000 5,000
30,000
9,170,000 4,955,000
* Deficit.
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1077
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 3-continued
Civil
Departments ( Supple- mentary),
Supply Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
1972-73 .
£
£
CLASS XI
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Carlisle State Management District
- 1,000 1,940,000
2. For the salaries and expenses of the State
Management Districts in Scotland
- 45,000 * -227,000
3. For pensions, &c. , in respect of service for
or on behalf of overseas governments
and in respect of certain other service
overseas; for supplements to certain
colonial and other overseas pensions ;
for certain payments to the Governments
of India and Pakistan in connection with
pensions; and for sundry services and
expenses- -
2,290,000 100,000
4. For pensions, &c. , and compensation
allowances awarded to retired and dis-
banded members of the Royal Irish Con-
stabulary, and to their widows, including
annuities to the National Debt Com-
missioners in respect of commutation
of compensation allowances-
30,000
-
6. For Her Majesty's foreign and other
secret services- -
- 1,000,000-
7. For certain miscellaneous expenses, and
grants in aid- 43,000 * -700
8. To repay to the Contingencies Fund
certain miscellaneous advances- 288,000
TOTAL, CIVIL DEPARTMENTS (SUPPLE-
MENTARY), 1972-73 -£ 964,025,000 30,411,140
* Deficit.
c . 40
1078 Appropriation Act 1973
Defence
( Supple-
mentary),
1972-73.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 4
DEFENCE (SUPPLEMENTARY) , 1972–73
SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTARY SUMS granted, and of the sums which
may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to
defray the charges for the Defence Services herein particularly
mentioned for the year ended 31st March 1973, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£ £
CLASS XII
Vote
1. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Royal
Navy, the Royal Marines, the Royal
Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve
and Cadet Forces, &c .
21,701,000 299,000
2. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Army,
the Regular Reserve, the Territorial and
Army Volunteer Reserve, the Ulster
Defence Regiment and Cadet Forces- 51,280,000 1,470,000
3. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Royal
Air Force, Royal Air Force Reserves,
Royal Auxiliary Air Force and Cadet
Forces 30,500,000 200,000
4. For retired pay, pensions, &c. , and related
non- recurrent payments made by the
Ministry of Defence and for the Royal
Hospital, Chelsea-
9,700,000 100,000
5. For movements ; certain stores; plant and
machinery; charter and contract repair
of ships ; supplies and services ; certain
research; lands and buildings ; sundry
grants; payments abroad including
contributions and subscriptions to inter-
national organisations ; and grants in
aid
8,601,000 29,585,000
6. For the pay, &c. , of Defence Ministers
and of certain civilian staff employed by
the Ministry of Defence
45,944,000
79,000
7. For operating the Headquarters and
Establishments of the Procurement
Executive, its other common services ,
and sundry other Procurement Executive
Services-
13,500,000
1,150,000
9. For the design and development by
contract, production, repair, &c. , and
purchases for sale abroad of ships,
weapon systems, other equipment,
stores, &c.; and for a loan and a grant
15,000,000-
c.40
Appropriation Act 1973 1079
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 4 -continued
Supply
Grants
£
Defence
( Supple- mentary ),
1972-73.
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
CLASS XII -continued
Vote
10. For the design and development by
contract, production, repair, &c. , and
purchases for sale abroad of guns,
ammunition, vehicles, engineering
equipment, instruments, machinery and
other stores
13,000,000 * -9,500,000
11. For the design and development by
contract, production, repair, &c. , and
purchases for sale abroad of aircraft ,
aero engines and aircraft equipment, &c. 59,755,000 11,960,000
TOTAL, DEFENCE (SUPPLEMENTARY ),
1972-73 -£ 268,981,000 35,343,000
* Deficit.
c. 40
1080 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class I, 1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 5
CIVIL. -CLASS I
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
1. 2. For the salaries and expenses of the House
of Lords (including a supplementary
sum of £1,000)-
For the salaries and expenses of the House
of Commons, including certain grants
in aid (including a supplementary sum
of £ 1,000) -
896,000 11,000
7,063,000 15,000
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Treasury
and subordinate departments and the
National Economic Development
Council- 11,819,000 345,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil
Service Department, of the Civil Service
College, of the Office of the Parliamen-
tary Counsel, and sundry other services
including grants in aid- -
- 10,814,000 291,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
Cabinet Office, and the Chancellor of
the Duchy of Lancaster ; and subscrip-
tions to international organisations
2,270,000 200
6. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Most
Honourable Privy Council-
- 119,000 2,000
7. For the salaries and expenses of the
Customs and Excise Department ;
expenses of Value Added Tax Tribunals ;
and a subscription to an international
organisation-
65,565,000 2,735,000
8. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland
Revenue Department- -
141,206,000 4,849,000
8A. For transitional payments to certain
charities 3,000,000
c .40
Appropriation Act 1973 1081
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 5 -continued
Civil,
Class I,
1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
9. For transitional relief under the Finance
Acts 1965 and 1972 for companies with
an overseas source of trading income-
10. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Comptroller and
Auditor General
11. For the salaries and expenses of Royal
Commissions, committees, special en-
quiries , &c . , and for a grant in aid
12. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Parliamentary Commissioner for
Administration and the Health Service
Commissioners for England, Scotland
andWales- -
25,000,000
1,592,000
804,000
266,000
332,000
- £ 270,414,000TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS I 8,580,200
c . 40
1082 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil,
Class II,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 6
CIVIL.-CLASS II
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ;
Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service ; and
sundry other services connected there-
with-
61,547,000 11,720,000
2. For expenditure by the Foreign and Com-
monwealth Office on sundry grants and
services , including subscriptions, &c. ,
to certain international organisations
and certain grants in aid (including a
supplementary sum of £2,150,000)
501,000- 23,360,000
3. For a grant in aid of the British Council
11,116,000-
4. For the salaries and expenses of the
Foreign and Commonwealth Office
( Overseas Development Administra-
tion )-
5,388,000 200,000
5. For expenditure by the Foreign and Com-
monwealth Office (Overseas Develop-
ment Administration ) on loans and
grants and services connected with
overseas aid, including loans made to
the Commonwealth Development Cor-
poration under the Overseas Resources
Development Acts 1959 to 1969 ; for
subscriptions to certain international
organisations and for certain grants in
aid (including a supplementary sum of
£5,214,000 )
248,784,000 330,000
6. For expenditure by the Foreign and Com-
monwealth Office (Overseas Develop-
ment Administration) on sundry services
connected with overseas aid, including
certain grants in aid-
-
41,399,000 272,000
7. For a grant in aid of the Commonwealth
War Graves Commission and certain
other expenses-
2,107,000-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS II
- £ 393,701,000 13,023,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1083
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 7
CIVIL. -CLASS III
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Civil,
Class III,
1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
the Home Department ; expenses and
grants in connection with certain law,
fire, community and sundry other ser-
vices; and certain grants in aid
2. For the expenses of the Scottish Home
and Health Department; for a grant
to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; for
expenses in connection with fire and
sundry other services ; and for a grant
inaid-
3. For grants and expenses in connection
with civil defence and certain remanet
expenditure
4. For grants and expenses in connection with
civil defence in Scotland and certain
remanet expenditure -
5. For grants in respect of expenditure in-
curred by police authorities in England
and Wales, expenses in connection with
the police services and a subscription to
an international organisation (including
a supplementary sum of £1,000) -
6. For grants in respect of expenditure in-
curred by police authorities in Scotland,
and expenses in connection with the
police services (including a supple-
mentary sum of £1,000)
7. For the salaries and expenses of prison
service establishments in England and
Wales-
8. For the salaries and expenses of prison
service establishments in Scotland-
9. For such of the salaries and expenses of
the Supreme Court of Judicature,
County Courts, Law Commission and
98,221,000 2,051,000
4,043,000 90,000
4,651,000 246,000
524,000 14,000
243,967,000 4,538,000
23,775,000 243,000
86,948,000 8,940,000
9,240,000 778,000
c . 40
1084 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class III ,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 7 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
9.
cont. Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are
not charged on the Consolidated Fund;
the salaries and expenses of the Lord
Chancellor's Office, the Judge Advocate
General and Judge Advocate of the
Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, the
Lands Tribunal, Council on Tribunals,
the Restrictive Practices Court and
National Industrial Relations Court, a
contribution to the International Asso-
ciation of Youth Magistrates, and
certain other expenses (including a
supplementary sum of £732,000) --
10. For a grant to the Legal Aid Fund
-
11. For the salaries and expenses of the Law
Officers' Department, the Department of
Her Majesty's Procurator-General and
Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury and the Department of the
Director of Public Prosecutions ; for
the costs of prosecutions and other
legal proceedings and of Parliamentary
Agency
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
Scottish Courts Administration, court
services, tribunals, the Scottish Law
Commission; for sundry services; and
for a grant in aid
13. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord
Advocate's Department, the Department
of Procurators Fiscal and the Lands
Tribunal ; and for sundry services-
14. For such of the salaries and expenses of the
Supreme Court of Judicature and Court
of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland
as are not charged on the Consolidated
Fund; the salaries and expenses of
Pensions Appeals in Northern Ireland
and certain other expenses -- -
15. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
the Northern Ireland Department, the
Northern Ireland Commission and of
the members of the Northern Ireland
Assembly ; expenses and grants in
connection with the police, treatment of
offenders and law services; measures to
counter terrorism and subversion ; a
contribution from the European Social
Fund; certain grants in aid, and sundry
other services (including a supple-
mentary sum of £1,000)
-
TOTAL, CIVIL. CLASS III-
12,390,000 15,300,000
24,869,000
-
3,196,000 147,000
388,000 1,276,000
1,498,000 2,000
179,000 87,000
100,908,000 2,254,010
-£ 614,797,000 35,966,010
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1085
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 8
Civil ,
Class IV , 1973-74.
CIVIL . -CLASS IV
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Committee of Privy Council for
Trade, the Headquarters of the Depart-
ment of Trade and Industry, a grant to
the Price Commission, a grant in aid,
payments to the Foreign Compensation
Commission, and for sundry other
services
2. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry in connection with
Civil Aviation Services, including public
investment ; contributions, &c. , to cer-
tain international organisations , grants
in aid, certain repayments, &c. , of
selective employment tax, and for
sundry other services-
3. For services connected with shipping, for
loans to the General Lighthouse Fund,
for a contribution to an international
organisation, and for sundry other
services
4. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry in connection with
trade and consumer affairs comprising
export promotion, determination of
standards and sundry other services
including salaries and expenses of the
Patent Office, the Monopolies Com-
mission and the Metrication Board,
subscriptions to international organisa-
tions and grants in aid (including a
supplementary sum of £52,000)- -
32,354,000 5,645,000
81,805,000 23,132,000
4,659,000 1,578,000
9,545,000 6,630,000
5. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on the development
of industrial and technological services
and on other services ; including invest-
ments , loans, grants and guarantees ,
subscriptions to international organisa-
tions and grants in aid
- 509,300,000 1,430,000
с. 40
1086 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class IV ,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 8 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
6. For the expenditure of the Department of industrial
Trade and Industry on
research and development including
salaries and expenses of the Industrial
Research Establishments, contracts with
industry, &c.; sundry other services ;
and grants in aid
25,280,000 2,940,000
7. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on research and
development ; on development and pro-
duction (otherwise than by way of
supply) of civil aircraft and associated
equipment; on contributions to inter-
national organisations, loans, the pur-
chase of certain assets and part of the
undertaking of a company, and sundry
other items (including a supplementary
sum of £260,000)
155,121,000 6,657,000
8. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry in connection with
the nationalised fuel and steel industries,
including certain repayments, &c. , of
selective employment tax, expenditure
on the operation and maintenance of
Government- owned oil installations,
certain revenue payments, and sundry
other services including a grant in aid
(including a supplementary sum of
£9,700,000)
- 170,156,000 4,126,000
9. For the expenditure of the Department of
Trade and Industry on grants for assist-
ing investment in new business assets
195,000,000
-
10. For payments towards meeting the ex-
penses of the United Kingdom Atomic
Energy Authority, for subscriptions,
&c . , to international projects and
organisations, for the administration of
a national stockpile of uranium ore, for
grants in aid, for guarantees, and for
expenses arising from industrial re-
organisation, including the purchase of
shares (including a supplementary sum
of £28,000)
- 57,625,000 43,396,00011. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Secretary
of State for Employment, including an
employment medical advisory service ;
salaries and expenses of the Office of
Manpower Economics, the Commission
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1087
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 8 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Civil,
Class IV ,
1973-74.
Vote
11 . on Industrial Relations, the Pay Board
cont. and certain other Tribunals and Com-
mittees; the Employment Service
Agency, Professional and Executive
Recruitment; and grants and loans for
employment, training, rehabilitation and
the seriously disabled; a subscription
to the International Labour Organisa-
tion; sundry other services and grants
in aid-
12. For payments by the Department of
Employment to certain employers who
have paid selective employment tax-
13. For the salaries and expenses of the
Export Credits Guarantee Department,
including a subscription to an inter-
national organisation, and for payments
under guarantees given after consulta-
tion with the Export Guarantees Advi-
sory Council
14. For payments under Special Guarantees
given or arising from other arrangements
made by the Secretary of State for Trade
and Industry in the national interest ;
for refinancing arrangements made for
facilitating trade with other countries ;
for the purchase of securities and for
grants-
15. For salaries and expenses of and payments
made by the Export Credits Guarantee
Department in connection with the
insurance of overseas investment-
16. For the salaries and expenses of the
Ministry of Posts and Telecommunica-
tions; for grants to, and grants in aid
of , the British Broadcasting Corpora-
tion ; for certain payments to the Post
Office ; for subscriptions to international
organisations ; and for sundry other
services-
117,833,000 41,687,000
222,000,000 50,000
1,000 25,019,000
369,191,000 11,778,000
1,000 117,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS IV
209,395,000 1,846,000
-£ 2,159,266,000 176,031 000
с . 40
1088 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class V,
1973-74 .
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 9
CIVIL. -CLASS V
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food; of the Royal Botanic Gardens,
Kew; of the White Fish Authority
and Scottish Committee ; of the Plant
Variety Rights Office; and of the Meat
and Livestock Commission
2. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on the salaries and expenses of the
Crofters Commission, the Red Deer
Commission and the Royal Botanic
Garden, Edinburgh; and sundry other
agricultural , horticultural, food and
harbour services including grants, loans
and grants in aid; and for refunds of
selective employment tax to agricul-
tural , horticultural and forestry em-
ployers-
3. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agricul-
ture, Fisheries and Food on grants and
subsidies for the encouragement of food
production and the improvement of agri-
culture and for sundry other services
48,544,000 1,156,000
17,222,000 2,537,000
155,679,000-
4. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
on grants and subsidies for the en-
couragement of food production and the
improvement of agriculture and for
sundry other services- 41,283,000-
5. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in
implementation of agricultural price
guarantees and for sundry other services
48,159,000 1,000
6. For expenditure by the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries for Scotland
in implementation of agricultural price
guarantees-
7,100,000-
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1089
SCHEDULE (B) . -PART 9 -continued
Civil ,
ClassV, 1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Ministry of Agri-
culture, Fisheries and Food in connec-
tion with land drainage and flood pro-
tection and sundry agricultural and
food services including grants, loans,
grants in aid, certain subscriptions to
international organisations and for
refunds of selective employment tax to
agricultural , horticultural and forestry
employers (including a supplementary
sum of £ 12,002,000)-
74,022,000 7,374,000
8. For expenditure by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in
connection with the procurement and
maintenance of strategic reserves- 6,354,000 642,000
9. For grants, loans and expenses in connec-
tion with assistance to fishermen ; grants
and loans to the White Fish Authority ;
expenditure on research and develop-
ment relating to fisheries and fish
marketing and on the construction,
improvement and maintenance of
harbours and fishing facilities ; sub-
scriptions to certain international
organisations and a grant in aid of the
White Fish Marketing Fund- -
12,156,000 28,000
10. In connection with Scottish fisheries and
the United Kingdomherring industry for
grants, loans and expenses in connection
with assistance to fishermen, fishery
protection, research and development
relating to fisheries and fish marketing
and the construction, improvement and
maintenance of harbours and fishing
facilities; and a grant in aid of the
Herring Marketing Fund-
5,042,000 24,000
11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund
-
15,345,000
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
Intervention Board for Agricultural
Produce; for carrying out the obliga-
tions of the United Kingdom under the
common agricultural policy of the
European Economic Community in
connection with arrangements for import
and export, support for certain agri-
cultural and other products including
fish, assistance to producers ; and for
sundry other services (Revised sum)
17,200,000 7,100,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS V-
- £ 448,106,000 18,862,000
Par II M
c . 40
1090 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
ClassVI ,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 10
CIVIL. -CLASS VI
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Environment, and
certain tribunals, commissions, com-
mittees, &c.-
2. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Secretary of State for Scotland;
and other services, including grants in aid
3. For the expenses of the Scottish Develop-
ment Department and the salaries and
expenses of certain tribunals, &c.; for
grants and payments, including loans,
in connection with environmental ser-
vices, selective employment refunds and
rate rebates, assistance to tourism and
the hotel industry and sundry other
services , including historic buildings, a
grant in aid to the Highlands and Islands
Development Board and other grants in
aid ( Revised sum, including a supple-
mentary sum of £17,000)
3A. For expenditure of the Scottish Economic
Planning Department on economic
development services , grants to New
Town Development Corporations and
expenditure, including loans, on trans-
port and sundry other services ; and for
grants in aid- -
47,825,000 250,000
17,455,000 347,000
17,654,000 50,010
34,012,000 25,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Secretary of State for Wales and
certain tribunals, commissions, &c.;
grants and expenses in connection with
health services, environmental services
and civil defence ; grants and loans in
connection with primary and secondary
education; tax and rating payments
including selective employment refunds ;
assistance to tourism and the hotel
industry; sundry other services includ-
ing historic buildings, loans and grants
in aid (including a supplementary sum
of £501,000) 17,035,000 218,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1091
SCHEDULE (B ). -PART 10 -continued
Civil ,
ClassVI,
1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
Property Services Agency
56,992,000 25,800,000
6. For the salaries and expenses of the Pro-
perty Services Agency(Supplies Division)
and for expenditure incurred on the
purchase of furniture, equipment and
other supplies, operation of stores,
transport and associated services in-
cluding workshops and garages, &c.- 4,832,000
7. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services, &c. , for civil
purposes in the United Kingdom and
sundry other services; and on building
development-
184,542,000 20,179,010
8. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services, &c. , for civil
purposes overseas
13,920,000 955,000
9. For expenditure, including loans, on public
building and certain accommodation
services , &c. , for defence purposes
- 240,270,000 14,130,000
10. For expenditure on public building and
accommodation services , &c. , in respect
of Royal Palaces, Royal Parks and
museums, &c. , and sundry other ser-
vices, on historic buildings and ancient
monuments ; certain grants in aid ; and
on assistance to the Zoological Society
of London-
21,375,000 4,288,000
11. For grants and other payments in con-
nection with the provision, improvement,
repair, purchase and renting of housing
accommodation, slum clearance, the
improvement of the environment of
residential areas, and the Rent Officer
Service in England, and a temporary
bridging grant to certain Building
Societies registered in Great Britain
( including a supplementary sum of
£15,200,000)-
412,414,000 1,515,680
12. For grants and other payments relating to
the provision, improvement, repair,
purchase and renting of housing accom-
modation, slum clearance and the
improvement of the environment of
residential areas in Scotland ( Revised
sum )
- -
Part II
7
78,777,000 11,500
M2
c . 40
1092 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil,
Class VI, 1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 10 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
13. For grants and other payments in con-
nection with the provision, improvement,
repair, purchase and renting of housing
accommodation, slum clearance, the
improvement of the environment of
residential areas and the Rent Officer
Service- -
23,205,000 67,000
14. For services connected with transport
industries, including grants and a grant
in aid to nationalised industries ; other
transport services connected with ports
and a Channel Tunnel, including grants,
loans and subscriptions to certain inter-
national organisations ; repayments, &c. ,
of selective employment tax to nation-
alised industries, and sundry other
services
167,213,000 2,183,000
15. For grants to local authorities in con-
nection with environmental services ;
assistance to public transport; tax,
rating, compensation, &c. , payments
including refunds of selective employ-
ment tax; sundry other grants and
services including surveys; loans ; sub-
scriptions to certain international organ-
isations and grants in aid (including a
supplementary sum of £24,923,000)
- 161,287,000 3,456,000
16. For expenditure, including grants and loans
to highway, &c. , authorities on the
construction, improvement and main-
tenance of roads, &c. , in England and
sundry services connected therewith ; for
expenditure on the purchase of land for
lorry areas ; and for sundry other ser-
vices (Revised sum)- 461,657,000 2,970,000
17. For expenditure, including grants to high-
way, &c . , authorities, on the construc-
tion, improvement and maintenance of
roads, &c. , in Scotland and sundry
services connected therewith; for expen-
diture on grants for the assistance of
public passenger transport; and on other
transport services connected with inland
waterways, the Highlands and Islands
and harbours, including grants and
loans (Revised sum ) - 62,081,000 99,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1093
SCHEDULE (B). —PART 10 -continued
Civil,
ClassVI , 1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
18. For expenditure, including grants to high-
way, &c. , authorities on the construc-
tion, improvement and maintenance of
roads, &c. , in Wales and sundry services
connected therewith; for expenditure on
the purchase of land for lorry areas;
grants for the assistance of public pas-
senger transport ; and for sundry other
transport services- - -
37,178,000 65,000
19. For grants and payments in connection
with environmental protection services ;
surveys ; civil defence; vehicle safety ;
sundry other services including a sub-
scription to an international organisation
( including a supplementary sum of
£88,000)- 4,347,000 11,039,000
20. For expenditure by the Department of the
Environment on research, grants and
for certain grants in aid-
- 14,232,000 1,450,000
21. For rate support grants to local authorities
in England and Wales-
22. For rate support grants and equalisation
grants to local authorities in Scotland- 2,905,000,000-
358,842,000-
23. For the salaries and expenses of the Driver
and Vehicle Licensing Centre and the
Local Vehicle Licensing Offices and for
other expenditure in connection with
driver and motor vehicle registration
and licensing in Great Britain- 20,366,000 352,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VI• -£ 5,362,511,000 89,450,200
Part II M 3
c . 40
1094 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class VII ,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 11
CIVIL. -CLASS VII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of Her
Majesty's Secretary of State for Social
Services and the Department of Health
and Social Security including appellate,
advisory and sundry other services , for
certain selective employment refunds,
for selective butter subsidy, a subscrip-
tion to an international organisation,
loans to the Reserve Pension Board
( including a supplementary sum of
£1,000 )- 96,001,000 103,094,000
2. For the provision of hospital services, &c. ,
under the National Health Service, &c. ,
in England; and other services (includ-
ing a supplementary sum of£58,000,000) 1,509,971,000 170,373,000
3. For the provision of Executive Councils'
services , &c. , under the National Health
Service in England- -
472,372,000 50,312,000
4. For the provision in England of certain
miscellaneous services under the
National Health Service, &c. , for certain
welfare and child care services including
some child care services and compensa-
tion for loss of office in Wales ; for a
subscription to the World Health
Organisation and for certain grants in
aid; and for sundry services
64,096,000 1,370,000
5. For the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Scotland and
other health and welfare services includ-
ing a grant in aid
- 276,504,000 21,815,000
6. For the provision of services under the
National Health Service in Wales,
other health and welfare services and
certain grants for child care-
- 121,926,000 11,133,000
c .40
Appropriation Act 1973 1095
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 11-continued
Supply
Grants
£
Civil ,
ClassVII,
1973-74.
Appropria-
tions in Aid
£
Vote
7. For expenditure by the Department of
Health and Social Security on pensions,
allowances, gratuities , &c. , payable
under section 6( 6 ) of the National
Health Service Act 1946, or under
regulations made under section 10 of
the Superannuation Act 1972; and
certain payments to the National Insur-
ance Fund-
8. For expenditure by the Scottish Home and
Health Department on pensions, allow-
ances and gratuities , &c. , payable under
section 6( 8) of the National Health
Service (Scotland ) Act 1947, or under
regulations made under section 10 of
the Superannuation Act 1972; and
certain payments to the National Insur-
ance Fund
9. For sums payable out of the Consolidated
Fund to the National Insurance Fund
and the Industrial Injuries Fund (in-
cluding a supplementary sum of
£13,000,000)-
10. For payments in respect of family allow-
ances- -
11. For supplementary pensions and allow-
ances, &c. , old persons' retirement
pensions, &c. , family income supple-
ments and attendance allowance ( in-
cluding a supplementary sum of
£20,000,000)
12. For payments in respect of pensions,
gratuities and allowances for disable-
ment or death arising out of war, or
service in the Armed Forces after 2
September 1939, and for sundry other
services (including a supplementary sum
of £7,500,000)
13. For grants and expenses in Scotland in
connection with social work services,
and for grants in aid-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VII
1,000 67,861,000
1,000
8,607,000
623,200,000
-
349,940,000 60,000
746,001,000 33,000,000
164,718,000 22,000
3,192,000 13,000
-£4,427,923,000 467,660,000
Part II M4
c . 40
1096 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class VIII,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 12
CIVIL. -CLASS VIII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
£
Appropria-
tions inAid
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of Her Majesty's Secretary
of State for Education and Science;
for grants and loans in connection with
education, &c.; for sundry services,
certain grants in aid and a subscription
to an international organisation (in-
cluding a supplementary sum of
£270,000)
100,244,000 924,000
2. For expenses of the Scottish Education
Department ; for grants in connection
with education, &c.; for sundry services
and for grants in aid-
53,264,000 42,000
3. For expenditure by the Department of
Her Majesty's Secretary of State for
Education and Science on superan-
nuation allowances and gratuities, &c. ,
in respect of teachers, and the widows,
children and dependants of deceased
teachers-
1,000 134,964,000
4. For expenditure by the Scottish Home and
Health Department on superannuation
allowances and gratuities, &c. , in respect
of teachers, and the widows, children
and dependants of deceased teachers
- 493,000 19,611,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
University Grants Committee, for
grants in aid and grants towards the
expenses of , and for loans to, universi-
ties, colleges, the British Academy, &c. ,
and for other services-
437,009,000 227,000
6. For a grant in aid of the Social Science
Research Council including a subscrip-
tion to an international organisation
5,854,000
-
7. For grants in aid of the Science Research
Council including subscriptions to
certain international organisations
71,429,000
-
Appropriation Act 1973 1097
c . 40
SCHEDULE (B). -PART 12 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Civil,
Class VIII,
1973-74.
Vote
8. For grants in aid of the Natural Environ-
ment Research Council including a
subscription to an international organ-
isation- -
15,796,000-
9. For grants in aid of the Medical Research
Council including subscriptions to
certain international organisations
25,664,000
10. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural
Research Council- 16,824,000
11. For the salaries and expenses of the British
Museum ( Natural History), including
a purchase grant in aid 1,747,000 146,000
12. For a grant grant in aid and certain other grants
and services 2,170,000 12,000
13. For a grant in aid of the British Library
( Revised sum) 5,649,000
-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS VIII -£ 736,144,000 155,926,000
c . 40
1098 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
Class IX ,
1973-74.
SCHEDULE (B).-PART 13
CIVIL. -CLASS IX
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
British Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid (including a supplementary
sum of £597,000)
2,460,000 359,000
2. For the salaries and expenses of the
Science Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid
1,180,000 128,000
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Victoria and Albert Museum, including
purchase grants in aid
2,012,000 212,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the
Imperial War Museum, including a
purchase grant in aid
458,000 69,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
London Museum, including a purchase
grant in aid 197,000 40,000
6. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Gallery, including a purchase
grant in aid 646,000 164,000
-
7. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Maritime Museum, including
a purchase grant in aid- 479,000 91,000
8. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Portrait Gallery, including
purchase grants in aid 269,000 87,000
9. For the salaries and expenses of the Tate
Gallery, including a purchase grant in
aid- 696,000 112,000
10. For the salaries and expenses of the
Wallace Collection- 127,000 25,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1099
SCHEDULE (B) . -PART 13 -continued
Civil,
Class IX,
1973-74.
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£
£
Vote
11. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal
Scottish Museum, including purchase
grants in aid and a grant to the Scottish
Council for Museums and Galleries
(including a supplementary sum of
£ 5,000)
- 490,000 35,000
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Gallery of Scotland, the
Scottish National Gallery of Modern
Art and the Scottish National Portrait
Gallery, including purchase grants in
aid-
342,000 49,000
13. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Library of Scotland, including
a purchase grant in aid
401,000 5,500
14. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Museum of Antiquities of
Scotland, including a purchase grant in
aid-
126,000 4,000
15. For grants in aid of the National Library
of Wales and the National Museum of
Wales and a grant to the Council of
Museums in Wales-
- 1,442,000-
16. For grants to, and grants in aid of , certain
institutions and bodies connected with
the arts and with crafts ; and for
expenditure on research projects and
surveys-
- 27,767,000-
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS IX - £ 39,092,000 1,380,500
c . 40
1100 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil,
Class X ,
1973-74. SCHEDULE (B).-PART 14
CIVIL. -CLASS X
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Charity Commission for England and
Wales-
786,000 200
2. For the salaries and expenses of the Crown
Estate Office- 373,000
3. For the salaries and expenses of the
Registry of Friendly Societies- - 214,000 45,000
4. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal
Mint in the production of coins, medals,
badges, dies, seals, &c. , and for the
withdrawal of coin 1,000 12,664,000
5. For the salaries and expenses of the
National Debt Office and Pensions
Commutation Board
1,000 177,000
6. For the salaries and expenses of the estab-
lishment under the Public Works Loan
Commission and the expenses of the
Commission
1,000 98,000
7. For the salaries and expenses of the office
of the Public Trustee 1,000 1,260,000
8. For the salaries and expenses of the Land
Registry 1,000 9,461,000
-
9. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading
Agreements 210,000 100
10. For the survey of Great Britain and other
mapping services (including a supple-
mentary sum of £616,000) - 6,717,000 5,091,000
c . 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1101
SCHEDULE (B).—PART 14 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Civil ,
ClassX,
1973-74.
Vote
11. For the salaries and expenses of the Public
Record Office 557,000 130,000
12. For the salaries and expenses of the
Scottish Record Office; and on certain
other services including grants in aid- 222,000 45,010
13. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of Population Censuses and Surveys,
including a grant in aid- 4,668,000 1,708,500
14. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Registrar General
of Births , Deaths and Marriages in
Scotland
782,000 155,000
15. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Registers of Scotland
1,000 735,000
16. For the salaries and expenses, including
publicity, of the Department for
National Savings-
21,748,000 27,678,000
17. For the salaries and expenses of the Rating
of Government Property Department,
and for rates and contributions in lieu
of rates for property occupied by the
Crown and premises occupied by repre-
sentatives ofCommonwealth and foreign
countries and international organisations 59,500,000
3,570,000
18. For the salaries and expenses of Her
Majesty's Stationery Office; for station-
ery, printing, books, office equipment,
&c.; for official publications ; and for
sundry services-
51,711,000 27,175,010
19. For the salaries and expenses of the
Central Office of Information
19,643,000 1,853,000
20. For the salaries and expenses of the
Department of the Government Actuary
122,000 103,000
21. For a grant in aid of the Government
Hospitality Fund- 280,000- -
22. For civil superannuation and other
pensions and non-recurrent payments ;
and for certain other expenditure in
connection therewith 135,152,000 13,140,000
c . 40
1102 Appropriation Act 1973
Civil ,
ClassX, 1973-74.
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 14 -continued
Supply Grants Appropria- tions inAid
£ £
Vote
23. For the salaries and expenses of the
Central Computer Agency; for com-
puters, associated equipment and soft-
ware; research and development ;
governmental telecommunications ; and
for sundry other services including a
grant in aid (including a supplementary
sum of £57,000)
27,402,000 13,878,000
24. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil
Service Catering Organisation; and for
expenses connected with the provision
of catering services- -
- 492,000 4,522,000
25. For the salaries and expenses of the
Registry of Trade Unions and Em-
ployers' Associations
171,000 1,000
26. For the salaries and expenses of the Office
of the Director General of Fair Trading
1,000 10
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS X
- £ 330,757,000 123,489,830
c. 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1103
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 15
Civil ,
ClassXI,
1973-74.
CIVIL. -CLASS XI
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which
will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st
March 1974, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Vote
1. For the salaries and expenses of the
Carlisle State Management District
37,000 648,000
2. For pensions, &c. , in respect of service
for or on behalf of overseas governments
and in respect of certain other service
overseas; for supplements to certain
colonial and other overseas pensions ;
and for sundry services and expenses-
33,690,000 213,000
3. For pensions, &c. , and compensation
allowances awarded to retired and dis-
banded members of the Royal Irish
Constabulary, and to their widows,
including annuities to the National Debt
Commissioners in respect of commuta-
tion of compensation allowances -
859,000
4. For charges in connection with land
purchase in Northern Ireland, and the
expenses of management of guaranteed
stocks and bonds issued for the purpose
of Irish land purchase 410,000 100
5. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret
services 15,000,000
-
6. For certain miscellaneous expenses, and
grants in aid 810,000 5,800
7. To repay to the Contingencies Fund
certain miscellaneous advances 100,000
TOTAL, CIVIL, CLASS XI - £ 50,906,000 866,900
c .40
1104 Appropriation Act 1973
Defence ,
Class XII,
1973-74 .
SCHEDULE (B) .-PART 16
DEFENCE . -CLASS XII
SCHEDULE OF SUMS granted, and of the sums which may be applied
as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges
of the several Defence Services herein particularly mentioned,
which will come in course of payment during the year ending on
31st March 1974, including provision for numbers of personnel
as set out hereunder, viz.:-
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£
£
Vote
1. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Royal
Navy, the Royal Marines (including
provision for Naval Service to a number
not exceeding 84,000), the Royal Naval
Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve and
Cadet Forces, &c.- -
186,950,000 2,610,000
2. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Army
(including provision for Army Service
to a number not exceeding 198,500),
the Regular Reserve ( to a number not
exceeding 66,000), the Territorial and
Army Volunteer Reserve ( to a number
not exceeding 89,500), the Ulster
Defence Regiment ( to a number not
exceeding 10,000), and Cadet Forces
- 384,390,000 19,420,000
3. For the pay, allowances, &c. , of the Royal
Air Force (including provision for Air
Force Service to a number not exceeding
110,000), Royal Air Force Reserves (to
a number not exceeding 11,890) , Royal
Auxiliary Air Force ( to a number not
exceeding 400), and Cadet Forces
- 257,930,000 2,990,000
4. For retired pay, pensions, &c. , and related
non- recurrent payments made by the
Ministry of Defence and for the Royal
Hospital, Chelsea-
5. For movements ; certain stores; plant and
machinery; charter and contract repair
of ships; supplies and services ; certain
research ; lands and buildings ; sundry
grants; payments abroad including
contributions and subscriptions to inter-
national organisations ; and grants in
aid (including a supplementary sum of
£18,000)- -
-
173,470,000 560,000
292,258,000 144,800,000
6. For the pay, &c. , of Defence Ministers
and of certain civilian staff employed by
the Ministry of Defence 425,100,000 7,759,000
c. 40
Appropriation Act 1973 1105
SCHEDULE ( B). -PART 16 -continued
Supply
Grants
Appropria- tions in Aid
£ £
Defence,
ClassXII,
1973-74.
Vote
7. For operating the Headquarters and
Establishments of the Procurement
Executive, its other common services,
and sundry other Procurement Execu-
tive services (including a supplementary
sum of £4,595,000)
8. For operating the Royal Ordnance
Factories- -
9. For the development by contract, pro-
duction, repair, &c. and purchases for
sale abroad of ships, weapons systems,
other equipment, stores, &c.; and for
a grant (including a supplementary sum
of £19,930,000)
10. For the development by contract, pro-
duction, repair, &c. and purchases for
sale abroad of weapons, electronic
equipment, instruments, ammunition,
explosives, vehicles, engineering equip-
ment, plant and machinery and other
stores (including a supplementary sum
of £43,895,000)
11. For the development by contract, pro-
duction, repair, &c. and purchases for
sale abroad of aircraft and aero engines,
weapons systems, and electronic and
other equipment, &c. (including a
supplementary sum of £89,454,000)-
12. For the development by contract, pro-
duction, repair, &c. , and purchases for
sale abroad of guided weapons and of
electronic and other equipment, &c.
( Revised sum )-
219,655,000 42,933,000
14,100,000 91,300,000
310,295,000 23,929,000
215,895,000 84,719,000
529,903,000 131,258,000
- 78,890,000 5,490,000
TOTAL, DEFENCE, CLASS XII -
- £ 3,088,836,000 557,768,000
c . 41 1107
ELIZABETH II
SINOH
PENSE
DIEUET MON
DROIT
C
Fair Trading Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 41
An Act to provide for the appointment of a Director
General of Fair Trading and of a Consumer Protection
Advisory Committee, and to confer on the Director
General and the Committee so appointed, on the Secre-
tary of State, on the Restrictive Practices Court and on
certain other courts new functions for the protection
of consumers ; to make provision, in substitution for
the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry
and Control) Act 1948 and the Monopolies and
Mergers Act 1965, for the matters dealt with in those
Acts and related matters, including restrictive labour
practices ; to amend the Restrictive Trade Practices
Act 1956 and the Restrictive Trade Practices
Act 1968, to make provision for extending the said
Act of 1956 to agreements relating to services, and
to transfer to the Director General of Fair Trading
the functions of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading
Agreements ; to make provision with respect to
pyramid selling and similar trading schemes ; to make
new provision in place of section 30( 2) to ( 4 ) of the
Trade Descriptions Act 1968 ; and for purposes
connected with those matters. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
INTRODUCTORY
1.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall appoint an officer to be Director
known as the Director General of Fair Trading (in this ActGeneral of
referred to as the Director ") for the purpose of performing Trading.66 Fair
с.41
1108 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART I
General
functions of
Director.
the functions assigned or transferred to the Director by or
under this Act.
( 2) An appointment of a person to hold office as the Director
shall not be for a term exceeding five years ; but previous
appointment to that office shall not affect eligibility for
re-appointment.
( 3) The Director may at any time resign his office as the
Director by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary of State ;
and the Secretary of State may remove any person from that
office on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
( 4 ) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) of this section, the
Director shall hold and vacate office as such in accordance with
the terms of his appointment.
( 5) The Director may appoint such staff as he may think fit,
subject to the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service as
to numbers and as to terms and conditions of service.
( 6 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have
effect with respect to the Director.
2.- ( 1) Without prejudice to any other functions assigned or
transferred to him by or under this Act, it shall be the duty of
the Director, so far as appears to him to be practicable from
time to time, —
( a ) to keep under review the carrying on of commercial
activities in the United Kingdom which relate to goods
supplied to consumers in the United Kingdom or
produced with a view to their being so supplied, or
which relate to services supplied for consumers in the
United Kingdom, and to collect information with respect
to such activities, and the persons by whom they are
carried on, with a view to his becoming aware of, and
ascertaining the circumstances relating to, practices
which may adversely affect the economic interests of
consumers in the United Kingdom, and
( b) to receive and collate evidence becoming available to him
with respect to such activities as are mentioned in the
preceding paragraph and which appears to him to be
evidence of practices which may adversely affect the
interests (whether they are economic interests or
interests with respect to health, safety or other matters)
of consumers in the United Kingdom .
( 2) It shall also be the duty of the Director, so far as appears
to him to be practicable from time to time, to keep under review
the carrying on of commercial activities in the United Kingdom,
and to collect information with respect to those activities , and
the persons by whom they are carried on, with a view to his
becoming aware of, and ascertaining the circumstances relating
to, monopoly situations or uncompetitive practices .
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1109
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Director, where either he
PART I
considers it expedient or he is requested by the Secretary of
State to do so, -
( a ) to give information and assistance to the Secretary of
State with respect to any of the matters in respect of
which the Director has any duties under subsections ( 1 )
and (2) of this section, or
( b ) subject to the provisions of Part II of this Act in relation
to recommendations under that Part of this Act, to
make recommendations to the Secretary of State as to
any action which in the opinion of the Director it
would be expedient for the Secretary of State or any
other Minister to take in relation to any of the matters
in respect of which the Director has any such duties .
( 4 ) It shall also be the duty of the Director to have regard
to evidence becoming available to him with respect to any course
of conduct on the part of a person carrying on a business which
appears to be conduct detrimental to the interests of consumers
in the United Kingdom and (in accordance with the provisions
of Part III of this Act ) to be regarded as unfair to them, with a
view to considering what action (if any) he should take under Part
III of this Act.
( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the Director to have regard to the
needs of regional development and to the desirability of dispers-
ing administrative offices from London in making decisions on
the location of offices for his staff.
3.- ( 1 ) There shall be established an advisory committee to Consumer
be called the Consumer Protection Advisory Committee ( in this Protection
Act referred to as " the Advisory Committee ") for the purpose Advisory
of performing the functions assigned to that Committee by Part II Committee.
ofthis Act.
( 2) Subject to subsection (6 ) of this section, the Advisory
Committee shall consist of not less than ten and not more than
fifteen members, who shall be appointed by the Secretary of
State .
(3) The Secretary of State may appoint persons to the Ad-
visory Committee either as full- time members or as part-time
members.
( 4 ) Of the members of the Advisory Committee, the Secretary
of State shall appoint one to be chairman and one to be
deputy chairman of the Advisory Committee.
( 5 ) In appointing persons to be members of the Advisory
Committee, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the need
for securing that the Advisory Committee will include-
( a) one or more persons appearing to him to be qualified
to advise on practices relating to goods supplied to con-
c .41
1110 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART I
1963 с. 31.
1968 с. 29.
sumers in the United Kingdom or produced with a view
to their being so supplied, or relating to services
supplied for consumers in the United Kingdom, by
virtue of their knowledge of or experience in the supply
( whether to consumers or not ) of such goods or by
virtue of their knowledge of or experience in the supply
of such services ;
( b) one or more persons appearing to him to be qualified
to advise on such practices as are mentioned in the
preceding paragraph by virtue of their knowledge of or
experience in the enforcement of the Weights and
Measures Act 1963 or the Trade Descriptions Act 1968
or other similar enactments ; and
( c ) one or more persons appearing to him to be qualified
to advise on such practices by virtue of their knowledge
of or experience in organisations established, or
activities carried on, for the protection of consumers.
( 6 ) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument increase the maximum number of members of the
Advisory Committee to such number as he may think fit.
( 7 ) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the Advisory Committee.
The
4.- (1) The Commission established under section 1 of the
Monopolies and Mergers Commission.
Monopolies and Restrictive Practices ( Inquiry and Control) Act
1948 by the name of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices
Commission, and subsequently renamed the Monopolies Com-
1948 с. 66.
mission, shall as from the commencement of this Act be known
as the Monopolies and Mergers Commission, and shall continue
to exist by that name for the purpose of performing the
functions assigned to that Commission (in this Act referred to as
" the Commission " ) by or under this Act.
( 2) There shall be not less than ten and (subject to the next
following subsection ) not more than twenty-five regular members
of the Commission, who shall be appointed by the Secretary of
State .
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument increase the maximum number of regular members
of the Commission to such number as he may think fit.
( 4) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the Commission.
Principal functions of
Commission.
5.-( 1) Without prejudice to any other functions assigned to
the Commission by or under this Act, it shall be the duty of the
Commission, subject to and in accordance with the following
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1111
provisions of this Act , to investigate and report on any question which may be referred to the Commission under this Act-
( a ) with respect to the existence, or possible existence, of a
monopoly situation, or
( b ) with respect to a transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper
assets ( within the meaning of Part V of this Act), or
( c ) with respect to the creation, or possible creation, of a
merger situation qualifying for investigation ( within
the meaning of Part V of this Act) .
( 2) It shall be the duty of the Director, for the purpose of
assisting the Commission in carrying out an investigation on a
reference made to them under this Act, to give to the
Commission-
( a ) any information which is in his possession and which
relates to matters falling within the scope of the
investigation, and which is either requested by the
Commission for that purpose or is information which
in his opinion it would be appropriate for that purpose
to give to the Commission without any such request,
and
( b) any other assistance which the Commission may require,
and which it is within his power to give, in relation to
any such matters,
and the Commission, for the purpose of carrying out any such
investigation, shall take account of any information given to
them for that purpose under this subsection.
( 3) In this Act " monopoly reference " means any reference to
the Commission under this Act which falls within paragraph ( a)
of subsection (1) of this section ; " merger reference " (subject
to section 63 of this Act ) means any reference to the Commission
under this Act which falls within paragraph ( b) or paragraph ( c)
of that subsection ; and " monopoly situation " ( except in
sections 6 to 8 of this Act) means circumstances in which, in
accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this
Act , a monopoly situation is for the purposes of this Act to be
taken to exist in relation to any matters specified in section 6(1),
section 7(1 ) or section 8 of this Act.
PART I
6.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Act a monopoly situation Monopoly
shall be taken to exist in relation to the supply of goods of any situation in
description in the following cases, that is to say, if- relation to
supply of
( a) at least one- quarter of all the goods of that description goods.
which are supplied in the United Kingdom are supplied
by one and the same person, or are supplied to one
and the same person , or
1112 Fair Trading Act 1973
c .41
PART I
( b) at least one -quarter of all the goods of that description
which are supplied in the United Kingdom are supplied
by members of one and the same group of inter-
connected bodies corporate, or are supplied to members
of one and the same group of interconnected bodies
corporate, or
( c) at least one- quarter of all the goods of that description
which are supplied in the United Kingdom are sup-
plied by members of one and the same group consisting
of two or more such persons as are mentioned in
subsection (2) of this section, or are supplied to
members of one and the same group consisting of two
or more such persons, or
( d ) one or more agreements are in operation, the result or
collective result of which is that goods of that descrip-
tion are not supplied in the United Kingdom at all.
( 2 ) The two or more persons referred to in subsection ( 1) (c)
of this section, in relation to goods of any description, are any
two or more persons ( not being a group of interconnected bodies
corporate) who whether voluntarily or not, and whether by
agreement or not , so conduct their respective affairs as in any
way to prevent, restrict or distort competition in connection
with the production or supply of goods of that description,
whether or not they themselves are affected by the competition
and whether the competition is between persons interested as
producers or suppliers or between persons interested as customers
ofproducers or suppliers .
Monopoly situation in
7.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act a monopoly situation
shall be taken to exist in relation to the supply of services of
relation to
supply of
any description in the following cases, that is to say, if-
services.
( a) the supply of services of that description in the United
Kingdom is, to the extent of at least one-quarter, supply
by one and the same person, or supply for one and
the same person, or
( b) the supply of services of that description in the United
Kingdom is, to the extent of at least one -quarter,
supply by members of one and the same group of
interconnected bodies corporate, or supply for members
of one and the same group of interconnected bodies
corporate, or
( c ) the supply of services of that description in the United
Kingdom is, to the extent of at least one - quarter, supply
by members of one and the same group consisting of
two or more such persons as are mentioned in sub-
section (2) of this section, or supply for members of one
and the same group consisting of two or more such
persons, or
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1113
( d ) one or more agreements are in operation, the result or
PART I
collective result of which is that services of that
description are not supplied in the United Kingdom at
all .
( 2 ) The two or more persons referred to in subsection ( 1)(c)
of this section, in relation to services of any description, are any
two or more persons ( not being a group of interconnected bodies
corporate) who whether voluntarily or not, and whether by
agreement or not, so conduct their respective affairs as in any
way to prevent, restrict or distort competition in connection
with the supply of services of that description, whether or not
they themselves are affected by the competition, and whether
the competition is between persons interested as persons by
whom, or as persons for whom, services are supplied.
( 3) In the application of this section for the purposes of a
monopoly reference, the Commission, or the person or persons
making the reference, may, to such extent as the Commission, or
that person or those persons, think appropriate in the circum-
stances, treat services as supplied in the United Kingdom if the
person supplying the services-
( a) has a place of business in the United Kingdom, or
( b) controls the relevant activities from the United
Kingdom, or
( c ) being a body corporate, is incorporated under the law
of Great Britain or of Northern Ireland,
and may do so whether or not those services would otherwise
be regarded as supplied in the United Kingdom .
8.- (1) For the purposes of this Act a monopoly situation Monopoly in
shall be taken to exist in relation to exports of goods of any station
description from the United Kingdom in the following cases, exports.
that is to say, if-
( a) at least one-quarter of all the goods of that description
which are produced in the United Kingdom are pro-
duced by one and the same person, or
( b) at least one -quarter of all the goods of that description
which are produced in the United Kingdom are pro-
duced by members of one and the same group of
interconnected bodies corporate ;
and in those cases a monopoly situation shall for the purposes
of this Act be taken to exist both in relation to exports of goods
of that description from the United Kingdom generally and in
relation to exports of goods of that description from the United
Kingdom to each market taken separately.
с .41
1114 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART I
( 2 ) In relation to exports of goods of any description from
the United Kingdom generally, a monopoly situation shall for
the purposes of this Act be taken to exist if-
( a) one or more agreements are in operation which in any
way prevent or restrict , or prevent, restrict or distort
competition in relation to, the export of goods of that
description from the United Kingdom, and
( b ) that agreement is or ( as the case may be) those agree
ments collectively are operative with respect to at
least one -quarter of all the goods of that description
which are produced in the United Kingdom.
( 3) In relation to exports of goods of any description from
the United Kingdom to any particular market, a monopoly situa-
tion shall for the purposes of this Act be taken to exist if-
( a) one or more agreements are in operation which in any
way prevent or restrict, or prevent, restrict or distort
competition in relation to, the supply of goods of that
description ( whether from the United Kingdom or not)
to that market, and
( b ) that agreement is or (as the case may be) those agree
ments collectively are operative with respect to at
least one -quarter of all the goods of that description
which are produced in the United Kingdom.
Monopoly situation
9.- ( 1 ) For the purposes of a monopoly reference, other than
a reference relating to exports of goods from the United King-
limited to
part of United
dom, the person or persons making the reference may, if it
Kingdom.
appears to him or them to be appropriate in the circumstances
to do so, determine that consideration shall be limited to a part
of the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) Where such adetermination is made, then for the purposes
of that monopoly reference the provisions of sections 6 and 7 of
this Act, or such of those provisions as are applicable for those
purposes, shall have effect as if , wherever those provisions refer
to the United Kingdom, they referred to that part of the United
Kingdom to which, in accordance with that determination, con-
sideration is to be limited.
( 3) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect
subject to subsection ( 4 ) of section 50 of this Act in cases to
which that subsection applies .
Supple-
mentary
provisions
relating to
ss. 6 to 9.
10.-(1 ) In the application of any of the provisions of sections
6 to 9 of this Act for the purposes of a monopoly reference,
those provisions shall have effect subject to the following pro-
visions of this section.
с. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1115
( 2 ) No account shall for those purposes be taken of any
provisions of an agreement in so far as they are provisions by
virtue of which it is an agreement to which Part I of the Act
of 1956 applies.
( 3) In relation to goods or services of any description which
are the subject of different forms of supply-
(a) references in paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of subsection ( 1),
and in subsection (2), of section 6 or in section 8(3) of
this Act to the supply of goods, or
(b) references in paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of subsection ( 1), and
in subsection ( 2), of section 7 of this Act to the supply
of services,
shall for those purposes be construed in whichever of the
following ways the Commission, or the person or persons making
the monopoly reference, think appropriate in all the circum-
stances, that is to say, as references to any of those forms of
supply taken separately, to all those forms of supply taken
together, or to any of those forms of supply taken in groups.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 3) of this section the
Commission, or the person or persons making the monopoly
reference in question, may treat goods or services as being the
subject of different forms of supply whenever the transactions
in question differ as to their nature, their parties, their terms or
their surrounding circumstances, and the difference is one which,
in the opinion of the Commission, or the person or persons
making the reference, ought for the purposes of that subsection
to be treated as a material difference.
( 5 ) For the purposes of a monopoly reference made by the
Director, subsections (3) and ( 4) of this section shall have effect
subject to section 50(3) and ( 4) of this Act.
(6) In determining, for the purposes of a monopoly reference,
whether the proportion of one- quarter mentioned in any pro-
vision of section 6, section 7 or section 8 of this Act is fulfilled
with respect to goods or services of any description, the Com-
mission, or the person or persons making the reference, shall
apply such criterion ( whether it be value or cost or price or
quantity or capacity or number of workers employed or some
other criterion, of whatever nature) or such combination of
criteria as may appear to them or him to be most suitable in all
the circumstances.
( 7) The criteria for determining when goods or services can
be treated, for the purposes of a monopoly reference, as goods
or services of a separate description shall be such as the person
or persons making the reference may think most suitable in the
circumstances.
PART I
с . 41
1116 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART I ( 8) In construing the provisions of section 7( 3) and section 9
of this Act and the provisions of subsections (1) to ( 7) of this
section, the purposes of amonopoly reference shall be taken to
include the purpose of enabling the Director, or the Secretary
of State or any other Minister, to determine in any particular
circumstances-
( a ) whether a monopoly reference could be made under
Part IV of this Act, and
( b) if so, whether in those circumstances such a reference
could be made by the Director,
and references in those provisions to the person or persons
making a monopoly reference shall be construed accordingly.
Meaning of
11.-(1 ) In this Act " complex monopoly situation " means
complex
circumstances in which, in accordance with the preceding pro-
monopoly situation ".
visions of this Act, a monopoly situation is for the purposes of
this Act to be taken to exist in relation to the supply of goods or
services of any description, or in relation to exports of goods
of any description from the United Kingdom, by reason
that the condition specified in paragraph ( c ) or in paragraph ( d )
of section 6( 1) or of section 7(1) of this Act is fulfilled, or that
the conditions specified in subsection ( 2) or in subsection (3) of
section 8 of this Act are fulfilled.
(2) Any reference in the preceding subsection to paragraph
( c ) or paragraph (d ) of section 6(1) or of section 7( 1 ) of this Act
shall be construed as including a reference to that paragraph
as modified by section 9( 2) of this Act.
Powers of
Secretaryof
State in
relation to
functions of
Director.
12.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may give general directions
indicating considerations to which the Director should have
particular regard in determining the order of priority in which-
( a) matters are to be brought under review in the perform-
ance of his duty under section 2( 1) of this Act, or
(b ) classes of goods or services are to be brought under
review by him for the purpose of considering whether
a monopoly situation exists or may exist in relation
to them.
( 2) The Secretary of State may also give general directions
indicating-
( a ) considerations to which, in cases where it appears to
the Director that a practice may adversely affect the
interests of consumers in the United Kingdom, he
should have particular regard in determining whether
to make a recommendation to the Secretary of State
under section 2(3)(b) of this Act, or
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1117
( b) considerations to which, in cases where it appears to
the Director that a consumer trade practice may ad-
versely affect the economic interests of consumers in
the United Kingdom, he should have particular regard
in determining whether to make a reference to the
Advisory Committee under Part II of this Act, or
( c) considerations to which, in cases where it appears to
the Director that a monopoly situation exists or may
exist, he should have particular regard in determining
whether to make a monopoly reference to the Commis-
sion under Part IV of this Act.
( 3) The Secretary of State, on giving any directions under this
section, shall arrange for those directions to be published in
such manner as the Secretary of State thinks most suitable in
the circumstances .
PART I
PART II
REFERENCES TO CONSUMER PROTECTION ADVISORY COMMITTEE
General provisions
ود
13. In this Act " consumer trade practice means any prac- Meaning of
tice which is for the time being carried on in connection with the " consumer
supply of goods ( whether by way of sale or otherwise) to con- trade practice".
sumers or in connection with the supply of services for consumers
and which relates-
(a) to the terms or conditions (whether as to price or other-
wise) on or subject to which goods or services are or
are sought to be supplied, or
( b) to the manner in which those terms or conditions are
communicated to persons to whom goods are or are
sought to be supplied or for whom services are or are
sought to be supplied, or
( c) to promotion (by advertising, labelling or marking of
goods, canvassing or otherwise ) of the supply of goods
or of the supply of services, or
( d ) to methods of salesmanship employed in dealing with
consumers, or
( e) to the way in which goods are packed or otherwise got
up for the purpose of being supplied, or
( f ) to methods of demanding or securing payment for
goods or services supplied.
14.-(1 ) Subject to sections 15 and 16 of this Act, the General
Secretary of State or any other Minister or the Director may refer provisions as
to the Advisory Committee the question whether a consumer to Advisory
to references
trade practice specified in the reference adversely affects the Committee .
economic interests of consumers in the United Kingdom.
( 2) The Secretary of State or any other Minister by whom
a reference is made under this section shall transmit a copy of
the reference to the Director.
с . 41
1118 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
Exclusion
from s. 14 in
respect of
certain
services.
Restriction on
references
under s. 14 in
respect of
certaingoods
and services.
( 3) On any reference made to the Advisory Committee under
this section the Advisory Committee shall consider the question
so referred to them and shall prepare a report on that question
and ( except as otherwise provided by section 21( 3) of this Act)
submit that report to the person by whom the reference was
made.
( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of section 133 of this Act ,
it shall be the duty of the Director, where he is requested by
the Advisory Committee to do so for the purpose of assisting
the Committee in carrying out an investigation on a reference
made to them under this section, to give to the Committee-
( a ) any information which is in his possession and which
relates to matters falling within the scope of the
investigation, and
( b) any other assistance which the Committee may require,
and which it is within his power to give, in relation
to any such matters.
(5) The Advisory Committee shall transmit to the Secretary
of State a copy of every report which is made by them under
this section to a person other than the Secretary of State, and
shall transmit to the Director a copy of every report which is
made by them under this section to a person other than the
Director.
15. No reference under section 14 of this Act shall be made
to the Advisory Committee by the Secretary of State or by any
other Minister or by the Director if it appears to him—
( a ) that the consumer trade practice in question is carried
on in connection only with the supply of services of a
description specified in Schedule 4 to this Act, and
( b) that a monopoly situation exists or may exist in relation
to the supply of services of that description .
16.-( 1) No reference under section 14 of this Act shall be
made to the Advisory Committee by the Director except with the
consent of the appropriate Minister, if it appears to the Director
that the consumer trade practice in question-
( a) is carried on in connection only with the supply, by a
body corporate to which this section applies, of goods
or services of a description specified in Part I of
Schedule 5 to this Act, or
(b) is carried on in connection only with the supply by such
a body corporate of goods or services of a description
specified in the first column of Part II of that Schedule ,
in so far as that supply falls within the entry relating
to it in the second column of that Part of that Schedule.
( 2) This section applies to any body corporate which fulfils
the following conditions, that is to say-
( a) that the affairs of the body corporate are managed by
its members, and
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1119
( b) that by virtue of an enactment those members are appointed by a Minister ;
and in this section " Minister " includes a Minister of the
Government of Northern Ireland, and " the appropriate
Minister " , in relation to a body corporate, means the Minister
by whom members of that body corporate are appointed.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument vary any of the provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act,
either by adding one or more further entries or by altering or
deleting any entry for the time being contained in it ; and any
reference in this Act to that Schedule shall be construed as a
reference to that Schedule as for the time being in force.
PART II
17.-(1) This section applies to any reference made to the Reference to
Advisory Committee by the Director under section 14 of thisAdy
Advisory
Committee
Act which includes proposals in accordance with the following proposing
provisions of this section . recommenda-
tion to
( 2) Where it appears to the Director that a consumer trade Secretary of
practice has the effect, or is likely to have the effect, -
State to make
anorder.( a) of misleading consumers as to, or withholding from
them adequate information as to, or an adequate
record of, their rights and obligations under relevant
consumer transactions , or
( b) of otherwise misleading or confusing consumers with
respect to any matter in connection with relevant con-
sumer transactions, or
( c ) of subjecting consumers to undue pressure to enter into
relevant consumer transactions, or
( d ) of causing the terms or conditions, on or subject to
which consumers enter into relevant consumer trans-
actions, to be so adverse to them as to be inequitable,
any reference made by the Director under section 14 of this
Act with respect to that consumer trade practice may, if the
Director thinks fit, include proposals for recommending to the
Secretary of State that he should exercise his powers under the
following provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to that
consumer trade practice.
( 3) A reference to which this section applies shall state which
of the effects specified in subsection ( 2) of this section it appears
to the Director that the consumer trade practice in question has
or is likely to have.
( 4 ) Where the Director makes a reference to which this section
applies, he shall arrange for it to be published in full in the
London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes .
c.41
1120 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
( 5) In this Part of this Act " relevant consumer transaction ",
in relation to a consumer trade practice, means any transaction
to which a person is, or may be invited to become, a party in
his capacity as a consumer in relation to that practice.
No such
18. The Director shall not make any recommendation to the
recommenda- tion tobe
Secretary of State to exercise his powers under the following
made except
provisions of this Part of this Act except by way of making a
inpursuance
reference to the Advisory Committee to which section 17 of this
ofreference
Act applies .
to which
17 applies.
Scope of 19.-( 1 ) In formulating any proposals which, in accordance
recommenda- with the provisions of section 17 of this Act, are included in a
tionproposed reference to which that section applies, the Director shall have
in reference
towhich
regard-
s. 17 applies. ( a ) to the particular respects in which it appears to him that
the consumer trade practice specified in the reference
may adversely affect the economic interests of con-
sumers in the United Kingdom, and
(b) to the class of relevant consumer transactions, or the
classes (whether being some or all classes) of such
transactions, in relation to which it appears to him that
the practice may so affect those consumers ;
and the proposed recommendation shall be for an order making,
in relation to relevant consumer transactions of that class or of
those classes, as the case may be, such provision specified in
the proposals as the Director may consider requisite for the
purpose ofpreventing the continuance of that practice, or causing
it to be modified, in so far as it may so affect those consumers in
those respects.
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
section, for the purpose mentioned in that subsection any such
proposals may in particular recommend the imposition by such
an order of prohibitions or requirements of any description
specified in Schedule 6 to this Act.
(3) In that Schedule, in its application to any such proposals,
" the specified consumer trade practice " means the consumer
trade practice specified in the reference in which the proposals
are made, " specified consumer transactions " means transactions
which are relevant consumer transactions in relation to that
consumer trade practice and are of a description specified in the
proposals, and " specified " (elsewhere than in those expressions)
means specified in the proposals .
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1121
20.-( 1 ) A report of the Advisory Committee on a reference
PART II
to which section 17 of this Act applies shall not have effect, and Time- limit
no action shall be taken in relation to it under the following and quorum
provisions of this Part of this Act, unless the report is made for report on
reference to
before the end of the period of three months beginning with thewhich s. 17
date of the reference or of such further period or periods (if any) applies.
as may be allowed by the Secretary of State.
(2 ) The Secretary of State shall not allow any further period
for such a report except after consulting the Advisory Committee
and considering any representations made by them with respect
to the proposal to allow a further period.
( 3) No such further period shall be longer than three months ;
but (subject to subsection ( 2) of this section) two or more further
periods may be allowed in respect of the same reference.
( 4 ) The quorum necessary for a meeting of the Advisory
Committee held for the final settling of a report of the Committee
on a reference to which section 17 of this Act applies shall be
not less than two-thirds of the members of the Committee.
21.-( 1 ) A report of the Advisory Committee on a reference Report of
to which section 17 of this Act applies shall state the conclusions Advisory
of the Committee on the questions- Committee
on reference
( a ) whether the consumer trade practice specified in the to which s . 17
reference adversely affects the economic interests of applies.
consumers in the United Kingdom, and
(b) if so, whether it does so by reason, or partly by reason,
that it has or is likely to have such one or more of
the effects specified in section 17( 2) of this Act as are
specified in the report.
( 2) If, in their conclusions set out in such a report, the
Advisory Committee find that the consumer trade practice speci-
fied in the reference does adversely affect the economic interests
of consumers in the United Kingdom, and does so wholly or
partly for the reason mentioned in subsection ( 1 )(b) of this
section, the report shall state whether the Committee-
( a ) agree with the proposals set out in the reference, or
( b ) would agree with those proposals if they were modified
in a manner specified in the report, or
( c ) disagree with the proposals and do not desire to suggest
any such modifications .
( 3) Every report of the Advisory Committee on a reference to
which section 17 of this Act applies shall be made to the Secre-
tary of State, and shall set out in full the reference on which it
is made.
Part II N
c.41
1122 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
Order of
Secretary of
State in
pursuance of
report on
reference to
which s. 17
applies.
Order in pursuance of report of Advisory Committee
22.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect where
a report of the Advisory Committee on a reference to which
section 17 of this Act applies has been laid before Parliament in
accordance with the provisions of Part VII of this Act, and the
report states that the Committee--
( a) agree with the proposals set out in the reference, or
(b) would agree with those proposals if they were modified
in a manner specified in the report.
( 2) In the circumstances mentioned in the preceding sub-
section, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, by an
order made by statutory instrument make such provision as-
( a ) in a case falling within paragraph (a ) of the preceding
subsection, is in his opinion appropriate for giving
effect to the proposals set out in the reference, or
(b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection,
is in his opinion appropriate for giving effect either
to the proposals as set out in the reference or to
those proposals as modified in the manner specified in
the report, as the Secretary of State may in his dis-
cretion determine.
( 3) Any such order may contain such supplementary or
incidental provisions as the Secretary of State may consider
appropriate in the circumstances ; and (without prejudice to the
generality of this subsection) any such order may restrict the
prosecution of offences under the next following section in
respect of contraventions of the order where those contraven-
tions also constitute offences under another enactment.
( 4 ) No such order, and no order varying or revoking any such
order, shall be made under this section unless a draft of the
order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a
resolution of each House of Parliament.
Penalties for
23. Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this
contravention Act, any person who contravenes a prohibition imposed by an
of order
under s . 22. order under section 22 of this Act, or who does not comply
with a requirement imposed by such an order which applies to
him, shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400 ;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years or both .
с . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1123
24. Where the commission by any person of an offence under
PART II
section 23 of this Act is due to the act or default of some other Offences due
person, that other person shall be guilty of the offence, and to default of
aperson may be charged with and convicted of the offence by other person
virtue of this section whether or not proceedings are taken
against the first-mentioned person.
25.-( 1) In any proceedings for an offence under section 23 Defences in
of this Act it shall, subject to subsection (2) of this section, be proceedings
a defence for the person charged to prove
under s . 23 .
( a) that the commission of the offence was due to a mis-
take, or to reliance on information supplied to him, or
to the act or default of another person, an accident
or some other cause beyond his control, and
( b) that he took all reasonable precautions and exercised
all due diligence to avoid the commission of such an
offence by himself or any person under his control.
( 2 ) If in any case the defence provided by the preceding sub-
section involves the allegation that the commission of the
offence was due to the act or default of another person or to
reliance on information supplied by another person, the person
charged shall not, without leave of the court, be entitled to
rely on that defence unless, within a period ending seven clear
days before the hearing, he has served on the prosecutor a notice
in writing, giving such information identifying or assisting in
the identification of that other person as was then in his
possession.
(3) In proceedings for an offence under section 23 of this Act
committed by the publication of an advertisement, it shall be a
defence for the person charged to prove that he is a person
whose business it is to publish or arrange for the publication
of advertisements, and that he received the advertisement for
publication in the ordinary course of business and did not
know and had no reason to suspect that its publication would
amount to an offence under section 23 of this Act.
26. A contract for the supply of goods or services shall not Limitation
be void or unenforceable by reason only of a contravention ofof effect of
an order made under section 22 of this Act ; and, subject to s. 22.
orders under
the provisions of section 33 of the Interpretation Act 1889 1889 с. 63.
( which relates to offences under two or more laws), the pro-
visions of this Part of this Act shall not be construed as-
( a ) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings
( other than proceedings for the recovery of a fine ) in
respect of any contravention of such an order, or
Part II N2
с .41
1124 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
(b) affecting any restriction imposed by or under any other
enactment, whether public, local or private, or
( c ) derogating from any right of action or other remedy
( whether civil or criminal) in proceedings instituted
otherwise than under this Part of this Act.
Enforcing
authorities.
1963 с. 31 .
Power to
make test
purchases.
Power to
enter premises
and inspect
and seize
goods and
documents.
Enforcement of orders
27.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of every local weights and
measures authority to enforce within their area the provisions of
any order made under section 22 of this Act ; and section 37 of
the Weights and Measures Act 1963 (power of local authorities
to combine) shall apply with respect to the functions of such
authorities under this Part of this Act as it applies with respect
to their functions under that Act.
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection (1) shall be taken as authorising
a local weights and measures authority in Scotland to institute
proceedings for an offence.
28. A local weights and measures authority may make, or
may authorise any of their officers to make on their behalf, such
purchases of goods, and may authorise any of their officers to
obtain such services, as may be expedient for the purpose of
determining whether or not the provisions of any order made
under section 22 of this Act are being complied with.
29.-( 1 ) A duly authorised officer of a local weights and
measures authority, or a person duly authorised in writing by
the Secretary of State, may at all reasonable hours, and on pro-
duction, if required, of his credentials, exercise the following
powers, that is to say-
(a) he may, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any
offence under section 23 of this Act has been com-
mitted, inspect any goods and enter any premises other
than premises used only as a dwelling ;
( b) if he has reasonable cause to suspect that an offence
under that section has been committed, he may, for
the purpose of ascertaining whether it has been com-
mitted, require any person carrying on a business or
employed in connection with a business to produce any
books or documents relating to the business and may
take copies of, or of any entry in, any such book or
document ;
(c ) if he has reasonable cause to believe that such an offence
has been committed, he may seize and detain any
goods for the purpose of ascertaining, by testing or
otherwise, whether the offence has been committed ;
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1125
( d ) he may seize and detain any goods or documents which he has reason to believe may be required as evidence
in proceedings for such an offence ;
( e) he may, for the purpose of exercising his powers under
this subsection to seize goods, but only if and to the
extent that it is reasonably necessary in order to secure
that the provisions of an order made under section 22
of this Act are duly observed, require any person having
authority to do so to break open any container or open
any vending machine and, if that person does not
comply with the requirement, he may do so himself.
PART II
( 2) A person seizing any goods or documents in the exercise
of his powers under this section shall inform the person from
whom they are seized and, in the case of goods seized from a
vending machine, the person whose name and address are
stated on the machine as being the proprietor's or, if no name
and address are so stated, the occupier of the premises on which
the machine stands or to which it is affixed.
( 3) If a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing, -
( a) is satisfied that there is reasonable ground to believe
either-
( i) that any goods, books or documents which a
person has power under this section to inspect are
on any premises and that their inspection is likely
to disclose evidence of the commission of an offence
under section 23 of this Act, or
(ii) that any offence under section 23 has been, is
being or is about to be committed on any premises,
and
(b) is also satisfied either-
(i ) that admission to the premises has been or is
likely to be refused and that notice of intention to
apply for a warrant under this subsection has been
given to the occupier, or
(ii) that an application for admission, or the giving
of such a notice, would defeat the object of the entry
or that the premises are unoccupied or that the
occupier is temporarily absent, and it might defeat
the object of the entry to await his return,
the justice may by warrant under his hand, which shall continue
in force for a period of one month, authorise any such officer
or other person as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) of this section
to enter the premises, if need be by force.
Part II N3
c. 41
1126 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
In the application of this subsection to Scotland, " justice of
the peace " shall be construed as including a sheriff and a
magistrate.
( 4 ) A person entering any premises by virtue of this section
may take with him such other persons and such equipment as
may appear to him necessary ; and on leaving any premises
which he has entered by virtue of a warrant under subsection (3)
of this section he shall, if the premises are unoccupied or the
occupier is temporarily absent, leave them as effectively secured
against trespassers as he found them.
( 5) Nothing in this section shall be taken to compel the pro-
duction by a barrister, advocate or solicitor of a document
containing a privileged communication made by or to him in
that capacity or to authorise the taking of possession of any
such document which is in his possession.
Offences in
connection
with exercise
ofpowers
under s. 29 .
30.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, any person
who-
( a) wilfully obstructs any such officer or person as is men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) of section 29 of this Act acting
in the exercise of any powers conferred on him by or
under that section, or
(b) wilfully fails to comply with any requirement properly
made to him by such an officer or person under that
section, or
( c ) without reasonable cause fails to give to such an officer
or person so acting any other assistance or information
which he may reasonably require of him for the
purpose of the performance of his functions under this
Part of this Act,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) If any person, in giving any such information as is men-
tioned in subsection (1 )(c) of this section, makes any statement
which he knows to be false, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) If any person discloses to any other person-
( a ) any information with respect to any manufacturing
process or trade secret obtained by him in premises
which he has entered by virtue of section 29 of this
Act, or
( b) any information obtained by him under that section or
by virtue of subsection ( 1) of this section,
he shall, unless the disclosure was made in the performance
of his duty, be guilty of an offence.
c. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1127
( 4) If any person who is neither a duly authorised officer
PART II
of a weights and measures authority nor a person duly authorised
in that behalf by the Secretary of State purports to act as such
under section 29 of this Act or under this section, he shall be
guilty of an offence .
( 5) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection ( 1) of
this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £50 ; and any person guilty of an offence under sub-
section (2), subsection (3) or subsection ( 4) of this section shall
be liable-
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400 ;
( b ) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.
( 6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a
person to answer any question or give any information if to do
so might incriminate that person or (where that person is married)
the husband or wife of that person .
31. Where any goods seized or purchased by a person in Notice of
pursuance of this Part of this Act are submitted to a test, then- test.
( a) if the goods were seized, he shall inform any such
person as is mentioned in section 29( 2) of this Act of
the result of the test ;
( b ) if the goods were purchased and the test leads to the
institution of proceedings for an offence under section
23 of this Act, he shall inform the person from whom
the goods were purchased, or, in the case of goods
sold through a vending machine, the person mentioned
in relation to such goods in section 29(2) of this Act,
of the result of the test ;
and where, as a result of the test, proceedings for an offence
under section 23 of this Act are instituted against any person,
he shall allow that person to have the goods tested on his behalf
if it is reasonably practicable to do so.
32.-( 1 ) Where in the exercise of his powers under section 29 Compensation
of this Act a person seizes and detains any goods, and their for loss in
respect of
owner suffers loss by reason of their being seized or by reason res goods seized
that the goods, during the detention, are lost or damaged or under s. 29.
deteriorate, unless the owner is convicted of an offence under
section 23 of this Act committed in relation to the goods, the
appropriate authority shall be liable to compensate him for the
loss so suffered.
( 2) Any disputed question as to the right to or the amount of
any compensation payable under this section shall be determined
by arbitration and, in Scotland, by a single arbiter appointed,
failing agreement between the parties, by the sheriff.
Part II N4
с .41
1128 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART II
Application
of Part II to
Northern
Ireland.
1937 с. 8.
( Ν.Ι.) .
( 3) In this section " the appropriate authority "-
( a) in relation to goods seized by an officer of a local
weights and measures authority, means that authority,
and
( b) in any other case, means the Secretary of State.
33.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of the Ministry of Commerce for
Northern Ireland to enforce in Northern Ireland the provisions
of any order under section 22 of this Act.
( 2) In the application of this Part of this Act to Northern
Ireland-
(a) section 27 shall not apply ;
(b) in sections 28 and 29, any reference to a local weights
and measures authority shall be construed as a
reference to the Ministry of Commerce for Northern
Ireland, and the provisions of sections 30 to 32 shall
be construed accordingly ;
(c ) in section 29(3), any reference to a justice of the peace
shall be construed as a reference to a resident
magistrate ; and
(d ) the provisions of the Arbitration Act ( Northern Ireland )
1937, except the provisions set out in Schedule 3
thereto, shall apply to an arbitration under section 32
of this Act as if the arbitration were pursuant to an
arbitration agreement (as defined in section 30( 1) of
that Act ) .
Actionby Director with
respect to
course of
conduct
detrimental to
interests of
consumers.
PART III
ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS OF DIRECTOR FOR
PROTECTION OF CONSUMERS
34.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the Director that the person
carrying on a business has in the course of that business
persisted in a course of conduct which-
( a) is detrimental to the interests of consumers in the United
Kingdom, whether those interests are economic interests
or interests in respect of health, safety or other
matters, and
( b) in accordance with the following provisions of this
section is to be regarded as unfair to consumers,
the Director shall use his best endeavours, by communication
with that person or otherwise, to obtain from him a satisfactory
written assurance that he will refrain from continuing that course
of conduct and from carrying on any similar course of conduct
in the course of that business .
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1129
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) (b) of this section a PART III
course of conduct shall be regarded as unfair to consumers if
it consists of contraventions of one or more enactments which
impose duties, prohibitions or restrictions enforceable by
criminal proceedings, whether any such duty, prohibition or
restriction is imposed in relation to consumers as such or not
and whether the person carrying on the business has or has
not been convicted of any offence in respect of any such
contravention.
( 3) A course of conduct on the part of the person carrying
on a business shall also be regarded for those purposes as
unfair to consumers if it consists of things done, or omitted to be
done, in the course of that business in breach of contract or in
breach of a duty (other than a contractual duty) owed to any
person by virtue of any enactment or rule of law and enforceable
by civil proceedings, whether ( in any such case) civil proceedings
in respect of the breach of contract or breach of duty have been
brought or not.
( 4) For the purpose of determining whether it appears to him
that a person has persisted in such a course of conduct as is
mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the Director shall
have regard to either or both of the following, that is to say-
(a) complaints received by him, whether from consumers or
from other persons ;
( b) any other information collected by or furnished to
him, whether by virtue of this Act or otherwise.
35. If, in the circumstances specified in subsection ( 1) of Proceedings
section 34 of this Act, - before
Restrictive
( a) the Director is unable to obtain from the person in ques- Practices
tion such an assurance as is mentioned in that sub- Court.
section, or
( b) that person has given such an assurance and it appears
to the Director that he has failed to observe it,
the Director may bring proceedings against him before the
Restrictive Practices Court.
36.-( 1 ) For the purposes of section 11 of the Civil Evidence Evidence in
Act 1968, section 10 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Pro- proceedings
visions) (Scotland) Act 1968 or section 7 of the Civil Evidence under s . 35.
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1971 (each of which relates to convictions 1968 с. 64.
as evidence in civil proceedings) , proceedings under section 35 1968 c. 70 .
of this Act shall ( without prejudice to the generality of the ( N.I.).
1971 с. 36relevant definition ) be taken to be civil proceedings within the
meaning of the Act in question.
c .41
1130 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART III
1968 с. 64.
1968 с. 70.
1971 с. 36
( Ν.Ι.) .
Order of , or
undertaking
given to,
Court in
proceedings under s . 35.
( 2) Where in any proceedings under section 35 of this Act
the Director alleges such a breach of contract or breach of
duty as is mentioned in section 34( 3) of this Act, a judgment
of any court given in civil proceedings, which includes a finding
that the breach of contract or breach of duty in question was
committed, -
(a) shall be admissible in evidence for the purpose of
proving the breach of contract or breach of duty, and
(b) shall, unless the contrary is proved, be taken to be
sufficient evidence that the breach of contract or
breach of duty was committed.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section no
account shall be taken of a judgment given in any civil pro-
ceedings if it has subsequently been reversed on appeal, or
has been varied on appeal so as to negative the finding referred
to in that subsection .
( 4 ) In subsection (1) of this section " the relevant definition "
means section 18(1) of the Civil Evidence Act 1968, section 17 ( 1 )
of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) ( Scotland) Act
1968 or section 14(1) of the Civil Evidence Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1971 , as the case may be.
37.-( 1 ) Where in any proceedings before the Restrictive
Practices Court under section 35 of this Act-
(a ) the Court finds that the person against whom the pro-
ceedings are brought (in this section referred to as " the
respondent ") has in the course of a business carried
on by him persisted in such a course of conduct as is
mentioned in section 34( 1) of this Act, and
( b) the respondent does not give an undertaking to the
Court under subsection (3) of this section which is
accepted by the Court, and
(c) it appears to the Court that, unless an order is made
against the respondent under this section, he is likely
to continue that course of conduct or to carry on a
similar course of conduct,
the Court may make an order against the respondent under
this section.
( 2 ) An order of the Court under this section shall (with such
degree of particularity as appears to the Court to be sufficient
for the purposes of the order) indicate the nature of the course
of conduct to which the finding of the Court under subsection
( 1) (a) of this section relates, and shall direct the respondent
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1131
( a) to refrain from continuing that course of conduct, and (b) to refrain from carrying on any similar course of con-
duct in the course of his business.
PART III
(3) Where in any proceedings under section 35 of this Act the
Court makes such a finding as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (a)
of this section, and the respondent offers to give to the Court
an undertaking either-
( a) to refrain as mentioned in paragraphs (a ) and (b) of
subsection (2) of this section, or
( b) to take particular steps which, in the opinion of the
Court, would suffice to prevent a continuance of the
course of conduct to which the complaint relates and
to prevent the carrying on by the respondent of any
similar course of conduct in the course of his business ,
the Court may, if it thinks fit, accept that undertaking instead
of making an order under this section .
38.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect where Provisions as
it appears to the Director- to persons
consenting to
(a) that a body corporate has in the course of a business or conniving
carried on by that body persisted in such a course of at courses of
conduct as is mentioned in section 34(1) of this Act, conduct
and detrimental to
interests of
( b) that the course of conduct in question has been so consumers.
persisted in with the consent or connivance of a person
( in this and the next following section referred to as
66 the accessory ") who at a material time fulfilled the
relevant conditions in relation to that body.
(2) For the purposes of this section a person shall be taken
to fulfil the relevant conditions in relation to a body corporate
at any time if that person either-
( a ) is at that time a director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate or a person pur-
porting to act in any such capacity, or
(b) whether being an individual or a body of persons,
corporate or unincorporate , has at that time a control-
ling interest in that body corporate.
( 3) If, in the circumstances specified in subsection ( 1) of this
section, -
(a ) the Director has used his best endeavours to obtain
from the accessory such an assurance as is mentioned in
the next following subsection and has been unable to
obtain such an assurance from him, or
c .41
1132 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART III
Order of , or
undertaking
given to,
Courtin
proceedings
under s. 38.
( b ) the accessory has given such an assurance to the Director
and it appears to the Director that he has failed to
observe it,
the Director may bring proceedings against the accessory before
the Restrictive Practices Court.
( 4 ) The assurance referred to in subsection ( 3) of this section
is a satisfactory written assurance given by the accessory that
he will refrain-
( a ) from continuing to consent to or connive at the course
of conduct in question ;
(b) from carrying on any similar course of conduct in the
course of any business which may at any time be
carried on by him ; and
( c ) from consenting to or conniving at the carrying on of
any such course of conduct by any other body cor-
porate in relation to which, at any time when that
course of conduct is carried on, he fulfils the relevant
conditions.
(5) Proceedings may be brought against the accessory under
this section whether or not any proceedings are brought under
section 35 of this Act against the body corporate referred to in
subsection ( 1) of this section.
( 6 ) Section 36 of this Act shall have effect in relation to
proceedings under this section as it has effect in relation to
proceedings under section 35 of this Act.
( 7) For the purposes of this section a person (whether being
an individual or a body of persons , corporate or unincorporate)
has a controlling interest in a body corporate if (but only if ) that
person can, directly or indirectly, determine the manner in which
one- half of the votes which could be cast at a general meeting of
the body corporate are to be cast on matters, and in circum-
stances, not of such a description as to bring into play any special
voting rights or restrictions on voting rights.
39.-( 1 ) Where in any proceedings brought against the
accessory before the Restrictive Practices Court under section 38
of this Act-
( a) the Court finds that the conditions specified in para-
graphs (a ) and (b) of subsection ( 1) of that section are
fulfilled in the case of the accessory, and
( b) the accessory does not give an undertaking to the Court
under subsection ( 3) of this section which is accepted
by the Court, and
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1133
( c ) it appears to the Court that, unless an order is made
against the accessory under this section, it is likely
that he will not refrain from acting in one or more
of the ways mentioned in paragraphs ( a ) to (c) of sub-
section (4) of that section,
the Court may make an order against the accessory under this
section.
( 2) An order of the Court under this section shall (with such
degree of particularity as appears to the Court to be sufficient
for the purposes of the order) indicate the nature of the course
of conduct to which the finding of the Court under subsection
(1) (a) of this section relates, and shall direct the accessory, in
relation to the course of conduct so indicated, to refrain from
acting in any of the ways mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c)
of subsection ( 4 ) of section 38 of this Act.
(3) Where in any proceedings under section 38 of this Act the
Court makes such a finding as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) (a)
of this section, and the accessory offers to give to the Court an
undertaking either-
( a) to refrain from acting in any of the ways mentioned in
paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection ( 4) of that section,
or
( b) to take particular steps which, in the opinion of the
Court, would suffice to prevent him from acting in any
of those ways,
the Court may, if it thinks fit, accept that undertaking instead of
making an order under this section.
PART III
40.- (1) This section applies to any order made under section Provisions as to
37 or section 39 of this Act. interconnected
bodies
( 2) Where an order to which this section applies is made corporate.
against a body corporate which is a member of a group of
interconnected bodies corporate, the Restrictive Practices Court,
on making the order, may direct that it shall be binding upon
all members of the group as if each of them were the body
corporate against which the order is made.
(3) Where an order to which this section applies has been
made against a body corporate, and at a time when that order
is in force-
(a ) the body corporate becomes a member of a group of
interconnected bodies corporate, or
(b) a group of interconnected bodies corporate of which
it is a member is increased by the addition of one or
more further members,
с . 41
1134 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART III Concurrent
Jurisdiction
of other
courts in
certain cases.
the Restrictive Practices Court, on the application of the Direc-
tor, may direct that the order shall thereafter be binding upon
each member of the group as if it were the body corporate
against which the order was made.
( 4 ) The power conferred by subsection ( 3) of this section shall
be exercisable-
(a) whether, at the time when the original order was made,
the body corporate against which it was made was a
member of a group of interconnected bodies corporate
or not , and
(b) if it was such a member, whether a direction under
subsection (2) of this section was given or not.
41.- ( 1) In any case where-
(a) the Director could bring proceedings against a person
before the Restrictive Practices Court under section 35
or section 38 of this Act, and
(b) it appears to the Director that the conditions specified
in the next following subsection are fulfilled,
the Director may, if he thinks fit, bring those proceedings in an
appropriate alternative court instead of bringing them before the
Restrictive Practices Court ; and, in relation to any proceedings
brought by virtue of this section, the appropriate alternative
court in which they are brought shall have the like jurisdiction
as the Restrictive Practices Court would have had if they had
been brought in that Court.
( 2 ) The conditions referred to in the preceding subsection
are-
( a) that neither the person against whom the proceedings
are to be brought nor the person against whom any
associated proceedings have been or are intended to be
brought is a body corporate having a share capital,
paid up or credited as paid up, of an amount exceeding
£ 10,000, and
(b) that neither those proceedings nor any associated pro-
ceedings involve or are likely to involve the determina-
tion of a question (whether of law or of fact ) of such
general application as to justify its being reserved for
determination by the Restrictive Practices Court.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, the following shall be
appropriate alternative courts in relation to proceedings in
respect of a course of conduct maintained in the course of a
business, that is to say, the county court for any district (or, in
Northern Ireland, any division) in which, or, in Scotland, any
sheriff court within whose jurisdiction, that business is carried
on.
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1135
( 4 ) In relation to any proceedings brought in an appropriate
PART III
alternative court by virtue of this section, or to any order made
in any such proceedings, any reference in section 37, in section
39 or section 40 of this Act to the Restrictive Practices Court
shall be construed as a reference to the appropriate alternative
court in which the proceedings are brought.
( 5 ) In this section " associated proceedings "—
( a) in relation to proceedings under section 35 of this Act,
means proceedings under section 38 of this Act against
a person as being a person consenting to or conniving
at the course of conduct in question, and
(b) in relation to proceedings under section 38 of this Act,
means proceedings under section 35 of this Act against
a person as being the person by whom the course of
conduct in question has been maintained.
42.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, Appeals from
an appeal, whether on a question of fact or on a question of law, decisions or
shall lie from any decision or order of any court in proceedings orders of
courts under
under Part III of this Act.
Part III .
(2) Any such appeal shall lie-
( a) in the case of proceedings in England and Wales, to
the Court of Appeal ;
( b) in the case of proceedings in Scotland, to the Court
of Session ;
(c ) in the case of proceedings in Northern Ireland, to the
Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland.
43.- (1 ) The paragraph set out in the next following sub- Legal aid in
section shall be inserted- proceedings
under Part III
(a) as paragraph 5, at the end of Part I of Schedule 1 to in Restrictive
the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 ; Practices
Court.
( b) as paragraph 4, at the end of Part I of Schedule 1 to 1949 c. 51 .
the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 1967 ; and 1967 с. 43 .
(c) as paragraph 6, at the end of Part I of Schedule 1
to the Legal Aid and Advice Act ( Northern Ireland) 1965 c. 8 ( N.I.).
1965.
(2) The paragraph referred to in subsection (1) of this section
is as follows : -
66 Proceedings in the Restrictive Practices Court under
Part III of the Fair Trading Act 1973, and any proceedings
in that Court in consequence of an order made, or under-
taking given to the Court, under that Part of that Act ".
c .41
1136 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IV
General
power for
Director to
require
information.
PART IV
FUNCTIONS OF DIRECTOR AND COMMISSION IN RELATION TO
MONOPOLY SITUATIONS AND UNCOMPETITIVE PRACTICES
Powers for Director to require information
44.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the Director that there are
grounds for believing-
( a) that a monopoly situation may exist in relation to the
supply of goods or services of any description, or in
relation to exports of goods of any description from
the United Kingdom, and
( b) that in accordance with the following provisions of this
Part of this Act he would not be precluded from making
a monopoly reference to the Commission with respect
to the existence or possible existence of that situation,
the Director, for the purpose of assisting him in determining
whether to make a monopoly reference with respect to the
existence or possible existence of that situation, may exercise
the powers conferred by the next following subsection.
( 2) In the circumstances and for the purpose mentioned in
the preceding subsection the Director may require any person
who supplies or produces goods of the description in question
in the United Kingdom, or to whom any such goods are supplied
in the United Kingdom, or ( as the case may be) any person
who supplies services of that description in the United Kingdom,
or for whom any such services are so supplied, to furnish to the
Director such information as the Director may consider necessary
with regard to
( a) the value, cost, price or quantity of goods of that descrip-
tion supplied or produced by that person, or of goods
of that description supplied to him, or (as the case may
be) the value, cost, price or extent of the services of
that description supplied by that person or of the
services of that description supplied for him, or
( b ) the capacity of any undertaking carried on by that
person to supply, produce or make use of goods of
that description, or (as the case may be ) to supply or
make use of services of that description, or
( c ) the number of persons employed by that person wholly
or partly on work related to the supply, production or
use of goods of that description, or (as the case may
be ) the supply or use of services of that description.
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1137
45.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the Director that there are PART IV
grounds for believing- Special power
( a ) that a complex monopoly situation may exist in relation to require
of goods or services of any description, info information
to the supply with respect
or in relation to exports of goods of any description to complex
from the United Kingdom, and
monopoly
( b) that in accordance with the following provisions of this
situations.Part of this Act he would not be precluded from making
a monopoly reference to the Commission with respect
to the existence or possible existence of that situation,
the Director may formulate proposals for requiring specified
persons to furnish information to him in accordance with the
proposals for the purpose of assisting him in determining whether
to make a monopoly reference with respect to the existence or
possible existence of that situation.
( 2) The persons specified in any such proposals shall be
persons appearing to the Director to be, or to be included
among, those who, in relation to the production or supply of
goods or to the supply of services of the description in question,
or in relation to exports from the United Kingdom of goods of
the description in question, —
( a) may be parties to any such agreement as is mentioned
in paragraph (d ) of section 6( 1) or paragraph (d ) of
section 7( 1) of this Act (or mentioned in either of those
paragraphs as modified by section 9( 2) of this Act)
or may be parties to any such agreement as is men-
tioned in subsection ( 2) or subsection ( 3) of section
8 of this Act, or
( b) may be conducting their respective affairs as mentioned
in section 6(2) or in section 7( 2) of this Act.
( 3) Any such proposals shall also specify the description of
goods or services in question, and-
( a) in a case falling within paragraph ( a) of subsection (2)
of this section, shall indicate the particular respects in
which it appears to the Director that any agreement in
question may be such an agreement as is referred to in
that paragraph, or
( b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection,
shall indicate the particular respects in which it appears
to the Director that the persons specified in the pro-
posals may be conducting their respective affairs in a
manner referred to in that paragraph,
and shall state what information the Director proposes that the
persons specified in the proposals should be required to furnish
for the purpose of indicating whether, in those respects, they are
parties to such an agreement, or are so conducting their respec-
c.41
1138 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IV tive affairs, and, if so, of indicating in what circumstances they
are parties to such an agreement or are so conducting their
affairs.
( 4) Where the Director has formulated proposals under this
section, he may submit those proposals to the Secretary of State
for approval ; and if the Secretary of State approves the pro-
posals, with or without modifications, the Director may require
any person specified in the proposals to furnish to the Director
such information as the Director may specify in accordance
with the proposals, or, if the proposals have been approved with
modifications, in accordance with the proposals as so modified.
Supplementary 46.-( 1) Any power conferred on the Director by the
provisions as preceding provisions of this Part of this Act to require a person
to require- to furnish information shall be exercisable by notice in writing
furnish
ments to served on that person.
information.
( 2 ) Any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to furnish
to the Director information required by such a notice shall be
guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 3) Any person who, in furnishing information required by
such a notice, makes a statement which he knows to be false
in a material particular, or recklessly makes a statement which
is false in a material particular, shall be guilty of an offence
and shall be liable-
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 ;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
General
provisions as
to monopoly
references .
Monopoly references
47.-( 1 ) A monopoly reference-
( a) shall specify the description of goods or services to
which it relates ;
( b) in the case of a reference relating to goods, shall state
whether it relates to the supply of goods or to exports
of goods from the United Kingdom or to both ; and
( c) if, for the purposes of the reference, consideration is to
be limited to a part of the United Kingdom, shall
specify the part of the United Kingdom to which
consideration is to be limited,
and (subject to the next following subsection ) shall be framed
in one or other of the ways specified in section 48 or section 49
of this Act.
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1139
( 2) A monopoly reference (whether it falls within section 48 or within section 49 of this Act ) may be so framed as to require
the Commission to exclude from consideration, or to limit
consideration to,
( a) such agreements as are mentioned in paragraph (d ) of
section 6( 1 ) or paragraph (d ) of section 7( 1 ) of this Act
( or in either of those paragraphs as modified by section
9(2) of this Act) or as are mentioned in subsection (2)
or subsection (3) of section 8 of this Act, or
( b) agreements or practices whereby persons conduct their
affairs as mentioned in section 6( 2) or section 7(2) of
thisAct,
or to exclude from consideration, or to limit consideration to,
such one or more agreements or practices falling within para-
graph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection as are specified
in the reference.
PART IV
48. A monopoly reference may be so framed as to require Monopoly
the Commission only to investigate and report on the questions reference
whether a monopoly situation exists in relation to the matters limited to
the facts.
set out in the reference in accordance with section 47 of this Act
and, if so, -
( a) by virtue of which provisions of sections 6 to 8 of this
Act that monopoly situation is to be taken to exist ;
( b) in favour of what person or persons that monopoly
situation exists ;
( c) whether any steps ( by way of uncompetitive practices or
otherwise) are being taken by that person or those
persons for the purpose of exploiting or maintaining
the monopoly situation and , if so, by what uncompeti-
tive practices or in what other way ; and
( d ) whether any action or omission on the part of that
person or those persons is attributable to the existence
of the monopoly situation and, if so, what action or
omission and in what way it is so attributable ;
and a monopoly reference so framed is in this Act referred
to as a " monopoly reference limited to the facts ".
49.-( 1) A monopoly reference may be so framed as to Monopoly
require the Commission to investigate and report on the question reference
whether a monopoly situation exists in relation to the matters not limited
to the facts.set out in the reference in accordance with section 47 of this
Act and, if so, to investigate and report-
( a) on the questions mentioned in paragraphs (a ) to (d ) of
section 48 of this Act, and
1140 Fair Trading Act 1973
с.41
PART IV
Monopoly
references by
Director.
( b) on the question whether any facts found by the Commis-
sion in pursuance of their investigations under the
preceding provisions of this subsection operate, or
may be expected to operate, against the public interest.
( 2) A monopoly reference may be so framed as to require the
Commission to investigate and report on the questions whether
a monopoly situation exists in relation to the matters set out in
the reference in accordance with section 47 of this Act and, if
SO, -
( a) by virtue of which provisions of sections 6 to 8 of this
Act that monopoly situation is to be taken to exist ;
(b) in favour of what person or persons that monopoly
situation exists ; and
( c ) whether any action or omission on the part of that
person or those persons in respect of matters specified
in the reference for the purposes of this paragraph
operates, or may be expected to operate, against the
public interest.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) (c) of this section any
matter may be specified in a monopoly reference if it relates to
any of the following, that is to say-
( a) prices charged, or proposed to be charged, for goods
or services of the description specified in the reference ;
( b) any recommendation or suggestion made as to such
prices ;
(c) any refusal to supply goods or services of the description
specified in the reference ;
( d ) any preference given to any person ( whether by way
of discrimination in respect of prices or in respect of
priority of supply or otherwise) in relation to the
supply of goods or services of that description ;
and any matter not falling within any of the preceding paragraphs
may be specified for those purposes in a monopoly reference
if, in the opinion of the person or persons making the reference,
it is of a kind such that (if a monopoly situation is found to exist)
that matter might reasonably be regarded as a step taken for
the purpose of exploiting or maintaining that situation or as
being attributable to the existence of that situation.
( 4) A monopoly reference framed in either of the ways men-
tioned in subsections (1 ) and (2) of this section is in this Act
referred to as a monopoly reference not limited to the facts ".66
50.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the Director that a monopoly
situation exists or may exist in relation to-
( a ) the supply of goods of any description, or
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1141
( b ) the supply of services of any description, or
( c ) exports of goods of any description from the United
Kingdom, either generally or to any particular market,
the Director, subject to section 12 of this Act and to the
following provisions of this section, may if he thinks fit make
a monopoly reference to the Commission with respect to the
existence or possible existence of such a monopoly situation.
( 2) No monopoly reference shall be made by the Director
with respect to the existence or possible existence of a monopoly
situation in relation to the supply of goods or services of any
description specified in Part I of Schedule 5 or in Part I of
Schedule 7 to this Act.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (3) and ( 4) of
section 10 of this Act-
( a) for the purposes of any monopoly reference made by
the Director the supply of goods or services of any
description specified in the first column of Part II of
Schedule 5 or of Part II of Schedule 7 to this Act
in any manner specified in relation to that description
of goods or services in the second column of Part II
of the relevant Schedule shall be taken to be a separate
form of supply, and
( b) any monopoly reference made by the Director in rela-
tion to the supply of goods or services of any such
description shall be limited so as to exclude that form
of supply.
( 4) For the purposes of any monopoly reference made by the
Director in relation to goods of any description specified in the
first column of Part III of Schedule 7 to this Act-
( a ) the supply of goods of that description in Northern
Ireland in any manner specified in relation to that
description of goods in the second column of that Part
of that Schedule shall be taken to be a separate form
of supply, and, notwithstanding anything in section
10(3) and (4 ) of this Act, any monopoly reference so
made in relation to the supply of goods of any such
description in Northern Ireland shall be limited so as
to exclude that form of supply, and
( b ) for the purposes of any such monopoly reference the
Director shall so exercise his powers under section 9
of this Act as to comply with the requirements of the
preceding paragraph.
(5) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument vary any of the provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act,
either by adding one or more further entries or by altering
PART IV
c .41
1142 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IV
Monopoly
references by
Ministers .
or deleting any entry for the time being contained in it ; and
any reference in this Act to that Schedule shall be construed
as a reference to that Schedule as for the time being in force.
( 6) On making a monopoly reference to the Commission, the
Director shall send a copy of it to the Secretary of State ; and
if, before the end of the period of fourteen days from the day
on which the reference is first published in the Gazette in
accordance with section 53 of this Act, the Secretary of State
directs the Commission not to proceed with the reference,—
( a ) the Commission shall not proceed with that reference,
but
( b) nothing in the preceding paragraph shall prevent the
Commission from proceeding with any subsequent
monopoly reference, notwithstanding that it relates
wholly or partly to the same matters.
51.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
Secretary of State, or the Secretary of State and any other
Minister acting jointly, where it appears to him or them that a
monopoly situation exists or may exist in relation to-
(a) the supply of goods of any description, or
( b) the supply of services of any description, or
( c ) exports of goods of any description from the United
Kingdom, either generally or to any particular market ,
may, if the Secretary of State ( or, in the case of joint action by
the Secretary of State and another Minister, each of them) thinks
fit, make a monopoly reference to the Commission with respect
to the existence or possible existence of such a monopoly
situation.
(2) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a monopoly
situation exists or may exist as mentioned in the preceding sub-
section, and that the goods or services in question are of a
description specified in Part I of, or in the first column of Part
II of, Schedule 5 or Schedule 7 to this Act, the Secretary of
State shall not make a monopoly reference with respect to the
existence or possible existence of that situation except jointly
with such one or more of the Ministers mentioned in the next
following subsection as appear to him to have functions directly
relating-
(a ) to the supply of goods or services of that description in
the area ( whether consisting of the whole or part of the
United Kingdom ) in relation to which the question
arises, or
(b) to exports of goods of that description from the United
Kingdom,
as the case may be.
c. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1143
(3) The Ministers referred to in subsection (2) of this section
PART IV
are the Secretary of State for Scotland, the Secretary of State
for Wales , the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, the
Secretary of State for the Environment, the Minister of Agricul-
ture, Fisheries and Food, the Minister of Agriculture for
Northern Ireland, the Minister of Commerce for Northern
Ireland and the Minister of Posts and Telecommunications.
( 4 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a monopoly
situation exists or may exist as mentioned in subsection ( 1) of
this section in relation to the supply in Northern Ireland of
goods of a description specified in the first column of Part III
of Schedule 7 to this Act, the Secretary of State shall not make a
monopoly reference with respect to the existence or possible
existence of that situation except jointly with the Minister of
Agriculture for Northern Ireland.
52.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Variation of
Director may at any time vary a monopoly reference made by monopoly
him, and the Secretary of State ( or, in the case of a monopoly reference .
reference made by the Secretary of State jointly with one or more
other Ministers, the Secretary of State and that Minister or those
Ministers acting jointly ) may vary a monopoly reference made
byhim or them.
( 2) A monopoly reference not limited to the facts shall not
be varied so as to become a monopoly reference limited to the
facts ; but (subject to the following provisions of this section)
a monopoly reference limited to the facts may be varied so
as to become a monopoly reference not limited to the facts,
whether the Commission have already reported on the reference
as originally made or not.
( 3) A monopoly reference made by the Director shall not be
varied so as to become a reference which he is precluded from
making by any provisions of section 50 of this Act.
( 4) On varying a monopoly reference made by him, the
Director shall send a copy of the variation to the Secretary of
State ; and if, before the end of the period of fourteen days
from the day on which the variation is first published in the
Gazette in accordance with the next following section, the
Secretary of State directs the Commission not to give effect to
the variation, -
( a) the Commission shall proceed with the reference as if
that variation had not been made, but
( b) nothing in the preceding paragraph shall prevent the
Commission from proceeding with any subsequent
monopoly reference, or from giving effect to any subse-
quent variation, notwithstanding that it relates wholly
or partly to the matters to which that variation related.
c .41
1144 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IV Publication
of monopoly
references and
variations,
and of
directions
relating
to them.
Report of
Commission
onmonopoly
reference.
( 5 ) In this section and in sections 53 to 55 of this Act
" Minister " includes the Minister of Agriculture for Northern
Ireland and the Minister of Commerce for Northern Ireland.
53.-( 1 ) On making a monopoly reference, or a variation of
a monopoly reference, the Director or, as the case may be, the
Secretary of State ( or, in the case of a monopoly reference
or variation made by the Secretary of State acting jointly with
one or more other Ministers, the Secretary of State and that
Minister or those Ministers acting jointly) shall arrange for the
reference or variation to be published in full in the Gazette, and
shall arrange for the reference or variation to be published in
such other manner as he or they may think most suitable for
bringing it to the attention of persons who, in his or their
opinion, would be affected by it.
( 2 ) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under
section 50(6) of this Act with respect to a monopoly reference,
or gives a direction under section 52( 4) of this Act with respect
to a variation of a monopoly reference, the Secretary of State
shall arrange for the direction to be published in the Gazette
and otherwise in the same manner as the monopoly reference
or variation was published in accordance with the preceding
subsection .
( 3) In this section " the Gazette " means the London,
Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes, except that, in relation to a
monopoly reference under which consideration is limited to a
particular part of the United Kingdom in accordance with section
9 of this Act (including a reference under which consideration
is required to be so limited by section 50( 4) (b) of this Act) , it
means such one or more of those Gazettes as are appropriate
to that part of the United Kingdom .
( 4) In sections 50 and 52 of this Act any reference to
publication in the Gazette is a reference to publication in the
London Gazette, the Edinburgh Gazette or the Belfast Gazette,
whichever first occurs .
54.-( 1 ) A report of the Commission on a monopoly
reference-
( a) if the reference was made by the Director, shall be made
to the Secretary of State, and
(b) in any other case, shall be made to the Minister or
Ministers by whom the reference was made.
( 2 ) In making their report on a monopoly reference, the
Commission shall include in it definite conclusions on the
questions comprised in the reference, together with-
( a) such an account of their reasons for those conclusions.
and
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1145
( b) such a survey of the general position with respect to the
subject -matter of the reference, and of the developments
which have led to that position,
as in their opinion are expedient for facilitating a proper under-
standing of those questions and of their conclusions.
( 3) Where, on a monopoly reference not limited to the facts,
the Commission find that a monopoly situation exists and that
facts found by the Commission in pursuance of their investiga-
tions under subsection ( 1) or subsection ( 2) of section 49 of this
Act operate, or may be expected to operate, against the public
interest, the report shall specify those facts, and the conclusions
to be included in the report, in so far as they relate to the
operation of those facts, shall specify the particular effects ,
adverse to the public interest, which in their opinion those facts
have or may be expected to have ; and the Commission—
( a) shall, as part of their investigations, consider what action
( if any) should be taken for the purpose of remedying
or preventing those adverse effects , and
( b) may, if they think fit, include in their report recom-
mendations as to such action.
( 4 ) In paragraph ( a ) of subsection (3) of this section the
reference to action to be taken for the purpose mentioned in
that paragraph is a reference to action to be taken for that
purpose either-
(a ) by one or more Ministers (including Ministers or
departments of the Government of Northern Ireland)
or other public authorities , or
( b ) by the person or (as the case may be) one or more of
the persons in whose favour, in accordance with the
findings of the Commission, the monopoly situation in
question exists .
(5) Where, on a monopoly reference not limited to the facts,
the Commission find-
( a) that a monopoly situation exists, and
( b) that the person (or, if more than one, any of the persons)
in whose favour it exists is a party to an agreement to
which Part I of the Act of 1956 applies,
the Commission, in making their report on that reference, shall
exclude from their consideration the question whether the pro-
visions of that agreement, in so far as they are provisions by
virtue of which it is an agreement to which Part I of that Act
applies , operate, or may be expected to operate, against the
public interest ; and subsection (3) of this section, in so far as it
refers to facts found by the Commission in pursuance of their
investigations, shall have effect subject to the provisions of this
subsection.
PART IV
с.41
1146 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IV
Time-limit
for report on
monopoly
reference.
Order of
appropriate
Minister
on report on
monopoly
reference.
55.-( 1) A monopoly reference shall specify a period within
which the Commission are to report on the reference ; and,
if a report of the Commission on the reference-
( a) is not made before the end of the period so specified, or
( b) if one or more extended periods are allowed under the
next following subsection, is not made before the end
of that extended period or of the last of those extended
periods, as the case may be,
the reference shall cease to have effect and no action, or (if
action has already been taken) no further action, shall be taken
in relation to that reference under this Act.
(2) Directions may be given—
( a) in the case of a monopoly reference made by the Direc-
tor or by the Secretary of State otherwise than jointly
with one or more Ministers, by the Secretary of State ,
or
( b) in the case of a monopoly reference made by the Secre-
tary of State jointly with one or more other Ministers,
by the Secretary of State and that Minister or those
Ministers acting jointly,
allowing to the Commission such extended period for the purpose
of reporting on the reference as may be specified in the directions ,
or, if the period has already been extended once or more than
once by directions under this subsection, allowing to the Com-
mission such further extended period for that purpose as may
be so specified.
56.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect where
a report of the Commission on a monopoly reference not limited
to the facts has been laid before Parliament in accordance with
the provisions of Part VII of this Act, and the conclusions of the
Commission set out in the report, as so laid , —
( a) include conclusions to the effect that a monopoly situa-
tion exists and that facts found by the Commission
in pursuance of their investigations under section 49
of this Act operate, or may be expected to operate,
against the public interest, and
(b) specify particular effects, adverse to the public interest,
which in their opinion those facts have or may be
expected to have.
( 2) In the circumstances mentioned in the preceding sub-
section the appropriate Minister may ( subject to subsection (6)
of this section ) by order made by statutory instrument exercise
such one or more of the powers specified in Parts I and II of
Schedule 8 to this Act as he considers it requisite to exercise for
the purpose of remedying or preventing the adverse effects
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1147
specified in the report as mentioned in the preceding subsection ;
and those powers may be so exercised to such extent and in
such manner as the appropriate Minister considers requisite for
thatpurpose.
( 3) In determining whether, or to what extent or in what
manner, to exercise any of those powers, the appropriate
Minister shall take into account any recommendations included
in the report of the Commission in pursuance of section 54 (3) (b)
of this Act and any advice given by the Director under section
88 of this Act.
( 4 ) Subject to the next following subsection, in this section
" the appropriate Minister " means the Secretary of State.
( 5) Where, in any such report as is mentioned in subsection
(1) of this section, the person or one of the persons specified
as being the person or persons in whose favour the monopoly
situation in question exists is a body corporate fulfilling the
following conditions, that is to say-
(a) that the affairs of the body corporate are managed by
its members, and
( b) that by virtue of an enactment those members are
appointed by a Minister,
then for the purpose of making any order under this section in
relation to that body corporate ( but not for the purpose of
making any such order in relation to any other person) " the
appropriate Minister " in this section means the Minister by
whom members of that body corporate are appointed.
( 6) In relation to any such body corporate as is mentioned in
subsection (5) of this section, the powers exercisable by virtue
of subsection ( 2) of this section shall not include the powers
specified in Part II of Schedule 8 to this Act.
PART IV
PART V
MERGERS
Newspaper merger references
57.- ( 1 ) In this Part of this Act-
(a) " newspaper " means a daily, Sunday or local (other than Meaning of
daily or Sunday) newspaper circulating wholly or "newspaper"
mainly in the United Kingdom or in a part of the
" transfer of
United Kingdom ;
newspaper or
ofnewspaper
(b) " newspaper proprietor " includes (in addition to an assets " and
actual proprietor of a newspaper) any person having related
a controlling interest in a body corporate which is expressions.
a newspaper proprietor, and any body corporate in
which a newspaper proprietor has a controlling
interest;
and any reference to the newspapers of a newspaper proprietor
с . 41
1148 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTV includes all newspapers in relation to which he is a newspaper
proprietor and, in the case of a body corporate, all newspapers in
relation to which a person having a controlling interest in that
body corporate is a newspaper proprietor.
( 2) In this Part of this Act " transfer of a newspaper or of
newspaper assets " means any of the following transactions,
that is to say-
( a) any transaction ( whether involving a transfer or not)
by virtue of which a person would become, or
would acquire the right to become, a newspaper pro-
prietor in relation to a newspaper ;
( b) any transfer of assets necessary to the continuation of a
newspaper as a separate newspaper ( including good-
will or the right to use the name of the newspaper) ;
( c ) any transfer of plant or premises used in the publication
of anewspaper , other than a transfer made without a
view to a change in the ownership or control of the
newspaper or to its ceasing publication ;
and " the newspaper concerned in the transfer ", in relation to
any transaction falling within paragraph (a ), paragraph (b) or
paragraph (c) of this subsection, means the newspaper in relation
to which (as mentioned in that paragraph) the transaction is
or is to be effected.
66
( 3) In this Part of this Act average circulation per day
of publication ", in relation to a newspaper, means its average
circulation for the appropriate period, ascertained by dividing
the number of copies to which its circulation amounts for that
period by the number of days on which the newspaper was
published during that period ( circulation being calculated on
the basis of actual sales in the United Kingdom of the news-
paper as published on those days) ; and for the purposes of
this subsection " the appropriate period"
( a) in a case in which an application is made for consent
under the next following section, means the period
of six months ending six weeks before the date of
the application, or
( b) in a case in which a transfer or purported transfer is
made without any such application for consent, means
the period of six months ending six weeks before the
date of the transfer or purported transfer.
( 4) For the purposes of this section a person has a controlling
interest in a body corporate if (but only if ) he can, directly or
indirectly, determine the manner in which one-quarter of the
votes which could be cast at a general meeting of the body
corporate are to be cast on matters, and in circumstances, not of
such a description as to bring into play any special voting rights
or restrictions on voting rights.
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1149
58.- ( 1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a PARTV
transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper assets to a newspaper Prohibition
proprietor whose newspapers have an average circulation per of certain
day of publication amounting, together with that of the news- newspaper
paper concerned in the transfer, to 500,000 or more copies shall mergers.
be unlawful and void, unless the transfer is made with written
consent given ( conditionally or unconditionally ) by the Secretary
ofState.
( 2 ) Except as provided by subsections (3) and (4) of this
section and by section 60(3) of this Act, the consent of the
Secretary of State under the preceding subsection shall not be
given in respect of a transfer until after the Secretary of State
has received a report on the matter from the Commission.
(3) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the newspaper
concerned in the transfer is not economic as a going concern
and as a separate newspaper, then-
( a) if he is also satisfied that, if the newspaper is to continue
as a separate newspaper, the case is one of urgency, he
may give his consent to the transfer without requiring
a report from the Commission under this section ;
( b) if he is satisfied that the newspaper is not intended to
continue as a separate newspaper, he shall give his
consent to the transfer, and shall give it unconditionally,
without requiring such a report.
( 4) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that the newspaper
concerned in the transfer has an average circulation per day of
publication of not more than 25,000 copies, he may give his
consent to the transfer without requiring a report from the
Commission under this section.
(5) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument provide, subject to any transitional provisions
contained in the order, that for any number specified in subsection
(1) or subsection ( 4) of this section (whether as originally enacted
or as previously varied by an order under this subsection) there
shall be substituted such other number as is specified in the
order.
(6 ) In this section " satisfied " means satisfied by such evidence
as the Secretary of State may require.
59.-( 1 ) Where an application is made to the Secretary of Newspaper
State for his consent to a transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper merger
assets , the Secretary of State, subject to the next following reference.
subsection, shall, within one month after receiving the applica-
tion , refer the matter to the Commission for investigation and
report .
( 2) The Secretary of State shall not make a reference to the
Commission under the preceding subsection in a case where-
с.41
1150 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTV
Time -limit
for report on
newspaper
merger
reference.
Report on
newspaper
merger
reference.
( a ) by virtue of subsection ( 3) of section 58 of this Act
he is required to give his consent unconditionally with-
out requiring a report from the Commission under this
section, or
( b) by virtue of subsection ( 3) or subsection ( 4 ) of that
section he has power to give his consent without
requiring such a report from the Commission, and
determines to exercise that power,
or where the application is expressed to depend on the operation
of subsection (3) or subsection (4) of that section.
( 3) On a reference made to them under this section ( in this
Act referred to as a " newspaper merger reference ") the Commis-
sion shall report to the Secretary of State whether the transfer
in question may be expected to operate against the public
interest, taking into account all matters which appear in the
circumstances to be relevant and, in particular, the need for
accurate presentation of news and free expression of opinion.
60.-( 1 ) A report of the Commission on a newspaper merger
reference shall be made before the end of the period of three
months beginning with the date of the reference or of such
further period (if any) as the Secretary of State may allow for
the purpose in accordance with the next following subsection.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall not allow any further period
for a report on such a reference except on representations
made by the Commission and on being satisfied that there are
special reasons why the report cannot be made within the
original period of three months ; and the Secretary of State
shall allow only one such further period on any one reference,
and no such further period shall be longer than three months.
( 3) If on such a reference the Commission have not made their
report before the end of the period specified in subsection ( 1 ) or
of any further period allowed under subsection ( 2) of this
section, the Secretary of State may, without waiting for the
report, give his consent to the transfer to which the reference
relates.
61.- ( 1) In making their report on a newspaper merger
reference, the Commission shall include in it definite conclusions
on the questions comprised in the reference, together with-
( a ) such an account of their reasons for those conclusions,
and
( b) such a survey of the general position with respect to the
transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper assets to which
the reference relates, and of the developments which
have led to that position,
as in their opinion are expedient for facilitating a proper under-
standing of those questions and of their conclusions .
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1151
(2) Where on such a reference the Commission find that the
PART V
transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper assets in question
might operate against the public interest, the Commission shall
consider whether any ( and, if so, what ) conditions might be
attached to any consent to the transfer in order to prevent the
transfer from so operating, and may, if they think fit, include
in their report recommendations as to such conditions.
62. (1 ) Any person who is knowingly concerned in, or privy Enforcement
to, a purported transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper assets Pr
provisions
relating to
which is unlawful by virtue of section 58 of this Act shall be newspaper
guilty of an offence.
mergers .
(2) Where under that section the consent of the Secretary of
State is given to a transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper
assets, but is given subject to one or more conditions, any
person who is knowingly concerned in, or privy to, a breach of
that condition, or of any of those conditions, as the case may
be, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be
liable, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
( 4 ) No proceedings for an offence under this section shall be
instituted-
( a) in England or Wales, except by, or with the consent
of , the Director of Public Prosecutions, or
( b) in Northern Ireland, except by, or with the consent of,
the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern
Ireland.
Other merger references
63. ( 1 ) Sections 64 to 75 of this Act shall have effect in Mergers
relation to merger references other than newspaper merger references
"
references ; and accordingly in those sections “ merger reference " to which
ss . 64 to 75
shall be construed-
apply.
(a ) as not including a reference made under section 59 of
thisAct, but
(b) as including any merger reference relating to a transfer
of a newspaper or of newspaper assets, if the reference
is made under section 64 or section 75 of this Act in a
case falling within section 59(2) of this Act.
( 2 ) In the following provisions of this Part of this Act
"
" enterprise means the activities, or part of the activities, of a
business.
64.- ( 1 ) A merger reference may be made to the Commission Merger
by the Secretary of State where it appears to him that it is situation
or may be the fact that two or more enterprises (in this qualifying for
section referred to as " the relevant enterprises ") , of which one investigation.
c .41
1152 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTV at least was carried on in the United Kingdom or by or under
the control of a body corporate incorporated in the United
Kingdom, have, at a time or in circumstances falling within
subsection ( 4) of this section, ceased to be distinct enterprises,
and that either-
(a) as a result, the condition specified in subsection ( 2) or in
subsection (3) of this section prevails, or does so to a
greater extent, with respect to the supply of goods or
services of any description, or
( b) the value of the assets taken over exceeds £5 million.
( 2 ) The condition referred to in subsection ( 1 )(a ) of this
section, in relation to the supply of goods of any description, is
that at least one-quarter of all the goods of that description
which are supplied in the United Kingdom, or in a substantial
part of the United Kingdom, either-
(a) are supplied by one and the same person or are supplied
to one and the same person, or
(b) are supplied by the persons by whom the relevant enter-
prises (so far as they continue to be carried on) are
carried on, or are supplied to those persons .
( 3) The condition referred to in subsection ( 1)(a ) of this
section, in relation to the supply of services of any description,
is that the supply of services of that description in the United
Kingdom, or in a substantial part of the United Kingdom, is,
to the extent of at least one-quarter, either- .
( a ) supply by one and the same person, or supply for one
and the same person, or
( b) supply by the persons by whom the relevant enterprises
(so far as they continue to be carried on) are carried
on, or supply for those persons.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) of this section enter-
prises shall be taken to have ceased to be distinct enterprises
at a time or in circumstances falling within this subsection if
either-
( a ) they did so not earlier than six months before the date
on which the merger reference relating to them is to
be made, or
( b) they did so under or in consequence of arrangements or
transactions which were entered into without prior
notice being given to the Secretary of State or to the
Director of material facts about the proposed arrange-
ments or transactions and in circumstances in which
those facts had not been made public, and notice of
those facts was not given to the Secretary of State or
to the Director or made public more than six months
before the date mentioned in the preceding paragraph .
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1153
(5) In determining whether to make a merger reference to PART V
the Commission the Secretary of State shall have regard, with
a view to the prevention or removal of uncertainty, to the need
for making a determination as soon as is reasonably practicable.
(6) On making a merger reference, the Secretary of State shall
arrange for it to be published in such manner as he thinks most
suitable for bringing it to the attention of persons who in his
opinion would be affected by it .
( 7) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument provide, subject to any transitional provisions con-
tained in the order, that for the sum specified in subsection
(1) (b) of this section ( whether as originally enacted or as
previously varied by an order under this subsection) there
shall be substituted such other sum ( not being less than £5
million) as is specified in the order .
(8) The fact that two or more enterprises have ceased to be
distinct enterprises in the circumstances described in subsection
(1) of this section (including in those circumstances the result
specified in paragraph ( a), or fulfilment of the condition specified
in paragraph (b), of that subsection ) shall, for the purposes of
this Act, be regarded as creating a merger situation qualifying
for investigation ; and in this Act " merger situation qualifying
for investigation " and any reference to the creation of such a
situation shall be construed accordingly.
( 9) In this section " made public " means so publicised as to
be generally known or readily ascertainable .
65.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any two Enterprises
enterprises shall be regarded as ceasing to be distinct enterprises ceasing to
ifeither-
be distinct
enterprises.(a ) they are brought under common ownership or common
control (whether or not the business to which either
of them formerly belonged continues to be carried
on under the same or different ownership or control) ,
or
( b) either of the enterprises ceases to be carried on at all
and does so in consequence of any arrangements or
transaction entered into to prevent competition between
the enterprises.
( 2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection enterprises
shall (without prejudice to the generality of the words "
common
control " in that subsection ) be regarded as being under common
control if they are-
(a) enterprises of interconnected bodies corporate, or
(b) enterprises carried on by two or more bodies corporate
of which one and the same person or group of persons
has control, or
Part II 0
с . 41
1154 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART V
Time when
enterprises
cease to be
distinct .
( c ) an enterprise carried on by a body corporate and an
enterprise carried on by a person or group of persons
having control of that body corporate.
( 3) A person or group of persons able, directly or indirectly,
to control or materially to influence the policy of a body
corporate, or the policy of any person in carrying on an enter-
prise, but without having a controlling interest in that body
corporate or in that enterprise, may for the purposes of sub-
sections ( 1) and ( 2) of this section be treated as having control
of it .
( 4) For the purposes of subsection (1) ( a) of this section, in so
far as it relates to bringing two or more enterprises under
common control, a person or group of persons may be treated
as bringing an enterprise under his or their control if-
( a ) being already able to control or materially to influence
the policy of the person carrying on the enterprise, that
person or group of persons acquires a controlling
interest in the enterprise or, in the case of an enterprise
carried on by a body corporate, acquires a controlling
interest in that body corporate, or
( b ) being already able materially to influence the policy
of the person carrying on the enterprise, that person
or group of persons becomes able to control that
policy .
66.-( 1 ) Where under or in consequence of the same arrange-
ments or transaction, or under or in consequence of successive
arrangements or transactions between the same parties or
interests, successive events to which this subsection applies occur
within a period of two years, then for the purposes of a merger
reference those events may, if the Secretary of State thinks fit,
be treated as having occurred simultaneously on the date on
which the latest of them occurred.
( 2) The preceding subsection applies to any event whereby,
under or in consequence of the arrangements or the transaction
or transactions in question, any enterprises cease as between
themselves to be distinct enterprises.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (1 ) of this section any
arrangements or transactions may be treated by the Secretary
of State as arrangements or transactions between the same
interests if it appears to him to be appropriate that they should
be so treated, having regard to the persons who are substantially
concerned in them.
( 4 ) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the
time at which any two enterprises cease to be distinct enterprises,
с . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1155
where they do so under or in consequence of any arrangements
or transaction not having immediate effect, or having immediate
effect in part only, shall be taken to be the time when the parties
to the arrangements or transaction become bound to such extent
as will result , on effect being given to their obligations, in the
enterprises ceasing to be distinct enterprises.
( 5 ) In accordance with subsection ( 4 ) of this section ( but
without prejudice to the generality of that subsection) for the
purpose of determining the time at which any two enterprises
cease to be distinct enterprises no account shall be taken of any
option or other conditional right until the option is exercised or
the condition is satisfied .
PART V
67.- ( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the Valuation
purposes of section 64( 1)(b) of this Act.
ofassets
taken over.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) of this section, the value of the
assets taken over-
( a ) shall be determined by taking the total value of the
assets employed in, or appropriated to, the enterprises
which cease to be distinct enterprises, except any
enterprise which remains under the same ownership
and control, or if none of the enterprises remains
under the same ownership and control, then that one
of the enterprises having the assets with the highest
value, and
(b) shall be so determined by reference to the values at
which, on the enterprises ceasing to be distinct enter-
prises or (if they have not then done so ) on the making
of the merger reference to the Commission, the assets
stand in the books of the relevant business, less any
relevant provisions for depreciation, renewals or
diminution in value.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section any
assets of a body corporate which, on a change in the control
of the body corporate or of any enterprise of it, are dealt with
in the same way as assets appropriated to any such enterprise
shall be treated as appropriated to that enterprise.
( 4 ) Where in accordance with subsection ( 1) of section 66 of
this Act events to which that subsection applies are treated as
having occurred simultaneously, subsection ( 2) of this section
shall apply with such adjustments as appear to the Secretary of
State or to the Commission to be appropriate.
Part II 02
с.41
1156 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTV
Supple-
mentary
provisions as
tomerger
situations
qualifying
for investiga-
tion .
Different
kinds of
merger
references.
68.--(1 ) In relation to goods or services of any description
which are the subject of different forms of supply-
(a ) references in subsection (2) of section 64 of this Act
to the supply of goods, or
( b) references in subsection (3) of that section to the supply
of services,
shall be construed in whichever of the following ways appears
to the Secretary of State or the Commission, as the case may
be, to be appropriate in all the circumstances, that is to say,
as references to any of those forms of supply taken separately,
to all those forms of supply taken together, or to any of those
forms of supply taken in groups .
( 2 ) For the purposes of the preceding subsection the Secretary
of State or the Commission may treat goods or services as being
the subject of different forms of supply whenever the transactions
in question differ as to their nature, their parties, their terms
or their surrounding circumstances, and the difference is one
which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State or of the Com-
mission, as the case may be, ought for the purposes of that
subsection to be treated as a material difference.
( 3) For the purpose of determining whether the proportion
of one -quarter mentioned in subsection ( 2) or subsection ( 3) of
section 64 of this Act is fulfilled with respect to goods or services
of any description, the Secretary of State or the Commission, as
the case may be, shall apply such criterion ( whether it be
value or cost or price or quantity or capacity or number of
workers employed or some other criterion, of whatever nature)
or such combination of criteria as may appear to the Secretary
of State or the Commission to be most suitable in all the
circumstances.
( 4 ) The criteria for determining when goods or services can
be treated, for the purposes of section 64 of this Act, as goods
or services of a separate description shall be such as in any
particular case the Secretary of State thinks most suitable in
the circumstances of that case.
69.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of
this Act, on a merger reference the Commission shall investigate
and report on the questions-
( a) whether a merger situation qualifying for investigation
has been created, and
(b) if so, whether the creation of that situation operates, or
may be expected to operate, against the public interest.
( 2) A merger reference may be so framed as to require the
Commission, in relation to the question whether a merger
situation qualifying for investigation has been created, to exclude
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1157
from consideration paragraph (a ) of subsection (1 ) of section
64 of this Act, or to exclude from consideration paragraph (b)
of that subsection, or to exclude one of those paragraphs if the
Commission find the other satisfied.
( 3) In relation to the question whether any such result as
is mentioned in section 64( 1) (a) of this Act has arisen, a merger
reference may be so framed as to require the Commission to
confine their investigation to the supply of goods or services
in a specified part of the United Kingdom.
( 4 ) A merger reference may require the Commission, if they
find that a merger situation qualifying for investigation has
been created, to limit their consideration thereafter to such
elements in, or possible consequences of, the creation of that
situation as may be specified in the reference, and to consider
whether, in respect only of those elements or possible conse-
quences, the situation operates, or may be expected to operate,
against the public interest.
PARTV
70.- ( 1 ) Every merger reference shall specify a period (not Time-limit
being longer than six months beginning with the date of the for report
reference) within which a report on the reference is to be made; on merger
and a report of the Commission on a merger reference shall reference.
not have effect, and no action shall be taken in relation to it
under this Act, unless the report is made before the end of that
period or of such further period (if any ) as may be allowed
by the Secretary of State in accordance with the next following
subsection.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall not allow any further period
for a report on a merger reference except on representations
made by the Commission and on being satisfied that there are
special reasons why the report cannot be made within the
period specified in the reference ; and the Secretary of State
shall allow only one such further period on any one reference,
and no such further period shall be longer than three months.
71.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Variation
Secretary of State may at any time vary a merger reference made of certain
under section 69(4) of this Act.
merger
references .( 2) A merger reference made under section 69( 4) of this Act
shall not be so varied that it ceases to be a reference limited in
accordance with that subsection.
(3) Without prejudice to the powers of the Secretary of State
under section 70 of this Act, a merger reference shall not be
varied so as to specify a period within which a report on the
reference is to be made which is different from the period specified
in the reference in accordance with that section.
Part II 03
c.41
1158 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTV
Report of
Commission
on merger reference.
72.-( 1) In making their report on a merger reference, the
Commission shall include in it definite conclusions on the
questions comprised in the reference, together with-
( a) such an account of their reasons for those conclusions ,
and
( b) such a survey of the general position with respect to
the subject-matter of the reference, and of the develop-
ments which have led to that position,
as in their opinion are expedient for facilitating a proper under-
standing of those questions and of their conclusions.
(2) Where on a merger reference the Commission find that
a merger situation qualifying for investigation has been created
and that the creation of that situation operates or may be
expected to operate against the public interest (or, in a case
falling within subsection ( 4) of section 69 of this Act, find that
one or more elements in or consequences of that situation which
were specified in the reference in accordance with that subsection
so operate or may be expected so to operate) the Commission
shall specify in their report the particular effects, adverse to
the public interest, which in their opinion the creation of that
situation (or, as the case may be, those elements in or conse-
quences of it ) have or may be expected to have ; and the
Commission-
( a) shall, as part of their investigations, consider what action
(if any) should be taken for the purpose of remedying
or preventing those adverse effects, and
(b) may, if they think fit , include in their report recom-
mendations as to such action .
( 3) In paragraph (a) of subsection ( 2) of this section the
reference to action to be taken for the purpose mentioned in
that paragraph is a reference to action to be taken for that
purpose either-
(a ) by one or more Ministers (including Ministers or
departments of the Government of Northern Ireland)
or other public authorities, or
( b) by one or more persons specified in the report as being
persons carrying on, owning or controlling any of the
enterprises which, in accordance with the conclusions
of the Commission, have ceased to be distinct enter-
prises .
Order of
Secretary of
State on
report on
merger
reference.
73.-( 1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where
a report of the Commission on a merger reference has been laid
before Parliament in accordance with the provisions of Part VII
of this Act, and the conclusions of the Commission set out in
the report, as so laid, -
(a ) include conclusions to the effect that a merger situation
qualifying for investigation has been created and that
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1159
its creation, or particular elements in or consequences
of it specified in the report, operate or may be expected
to operate against the public interest, and
(b) specify particular effects, adverse to the public interest,
which in the opinion of the Commission the creation of
that situation, or (as the case may be ) those elements
in or consequences of it, have or may be expected to
have.
( 2) In the circumstances mentioned in the preceding subsection
the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
exercise such one or more of the powers specified in Parts I
and II of Schedule 8 to this Act as he may consider it requisite
to exercise for the purpose of remedying or preventing the adverse
effects specified in the report as mentioned in the preceding
subsection ; and those powers may be so exercised to such extent
and in such manner as the Secretary of State considers requisite
for that purpose.
( 3) In determining whether, or to what extent or in what
manner, to exercise any of those powers, the Secretary of State
shall take into account any recommendations included in the
report of the Commission in pursuance of section 72(2) (b) of this
Act and any advice given by the Director under section 88 of
this Act.
PART V
74.-( 1 ) Where a merger reference has been made to the Interim
Commission, and does not impose on the Commission a limita- order in
tion under section 69( 4) of this Act, then, with a view to respect of
mergerpreventing action to which this subsection applies, the Secretary reference.
of State, subject to subsection (3) of this section, may by order
made by statutory instrument-
( a) prohibit or restrict the doing of things which in his
opinion would constitute action to which this subsection
applies, or
( b ) impose on any person concerned obligations as to the
carrying on of any activities or the safeguarding of
any assets, or
( c) provide for the carrying on of any activities or the
safeguarding of any assets either by the appointment
of a person to conduct or supervise the conduct of any
activities (on such terms and with such powers as mày
be specified or described in the order ) or in any other
manner, or
(d ) exercise any of the powers which, by virtue of paragraph
12 of Schedule 8 to this Act, are exercisable by an
order under section 73 of this Act.
Part II 04
1160 Fair Trading Act 1973
с . 41
PARTV
( 2) In relation to a merger reference the preceding subsection
applies to any action which might prejudice the reference or
impede the taking of any action under this Act which may be
warranted by the Commission's report on the reference.
(3) No order shall be made under this section in respect of
a merger reference after whichever of the following events first
occurs, that is to say-
( a) the time (including any further period) allowed to the
Commission for making a report on the reference
expires without their having made such a report ;
( b) the period of forty days beginning with the day on which
a report of the Commission on the reference is laid
before Parliament expires .
( 4 ) An order under this section made in respect of a merger
reference (if it has not previously ceased to have effect) shall
cease to have effect on the occurrence of whichever of those
events first occurs , but without prejudice to anything previously
done under the order.
( 5) Subsection ( 4) of this section shall have effect without
prejudice-
( a ) to the operation, in relation to any such order, of section
134(1 ) of this Act, or
(b) to the operation of any order made under section 73 of
this Act which exercises the same or similar powers
to those exercised by the order under this section .
Reference in
75.-( 1 ) A merger reference may be made to the Commission
anticipation of by the Secretary of State where it appears to him that it is or
merger. may be the fact that arrangements are in progress or in contem-
plation which, if carried into effect, will result in the creation
of a merger situation qualifying for investigation .
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, on a
merger reference under this section the Commission shall proceed
in relation to the prospective and (if events so require) the actual
results of the arrangements proposed or made as, in accordance
with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, they could
proceed if the arrangements in question had actually been made,
and the results in question had followed immediately before the
date of the reference under this section.
( 3) A merger reference under this section may require the
Commission, if they find that a merger situation qualifying for
investigation has been created, or will be created if the arrange-
ments in question are carried into effect, to limit their considera-
tion thereafter to such elements in, or possible consequences of,
the creation of that situation as may be specified in the reference,
and to consider whether, in respect only of those elements or
possible consequences, the situation might be expected to operate
against the public interest.
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1161
( 4 ) In relation to a merger reference under this section,
sections 66, 67, 69, 71 , 72, 73 and 74 of this Act shall apply
subject to the following modifications, that is to say-
(a) section 66 shall apply with the necessary adaptations
in relation to enterprises which will or may cease to be
distinct enterprises under or in consequence of arrange-
ments not yet carried into effect or not yet fully carried
into effect ;
(b) in section 67( 4) the reference to subsection ( 1) of section
66 shall be construed as a reference to that subsection
as modified in accordance with the preceding
paragraph ;
( c ) in section 69, subsection ( 1) shall be construed as
modified by subsection (2) of this section ; in subsec-
tions (2) and (3) any reference to the question whether
a merger situation qualifying for investigation has been
created, or whether a result mentioned in section
64(1 ) (a) of this Act has arisen, shall be construed as
including a reference to the question whether such a
situation will be created or such a result will arise if
the arrangements in question are carried into effect ;
and subsection ( 4) of that section shall not apply ;
( d ) in section 71 , in section 72(2) and in section 74( 1 ) , the
references to section 69( 4) of this Act shall be con-
strued as references to subsection (3) of this section ;
and
(e) in section 73(1), the reference to conclusions to the effect
that a merger situation qualifying for investigation has
been created shall be construed as including a reference
to conclusions to the effect that such a situation will
be created if the arrangements in question are carried
into effect.
( 5 ) If, in the course of their investigations on a merger
reference under this section, it appears to the Commission that
the proposal to make arrangements such as are mentioned in the
reference has been abandoned, the Commission-
( a) shall, if the Secretary of State consents, lay the reference
aside, but
( b) shall in that case furnish to the Secretary of State such
information as he may require as to the results until
then of the investigations .
PARTV
Supplementary
76. It shall be the duty of the Director-
Functions
ofDirector
( a) to take all such steps as are reasonably practicable for in relation
keeping himself informed about actual or prospective to merger situations,
c.41
1162 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART V
Associated
persons.
arrangements or transactions which may constitute or
result in the creation of merger situations qualifying
for investigation, and
(b) to make recommendations to the Secretary of State as
to any action under this Part of this Act which in the
opinion of the Director it would be expedient for the
Secretary of State to take in relation to any such
arrangements or transactions.
77.-( 1 ) For the following purposes, that is to say-
( a) for the purpose of determining under section 57( 1)
of this Act whether a person is a newspaper proprietor
and, if so, which newspapers are his newspapers ;
( b) for the purpose of determining under section 65 of this
Act whether any two enterprises have been brought
under common ownership or common control ; and
( c ) for the purpose of determining what activities are carried
on by way of business by any one person, in so far as
that question arises in the application, by virtue of an
order under section 73 of this Act, of paragraph 14
of Schedule 8 to this Act,
associated persons, and any bodies corporate which they or
any of them control, shall (subject to the next following sub-
section ) be treated as one person.
( 2 ) The preceding subsection shall not have effect-
( a ) for the purpose mentioned in paragraph (a) of that
subsection so as to exclude from section 58 of this
Act any case which would otherwise fall within that
section , or
( b) for the purpose mentioned in paragraph (b) of the
preceding subsection so as to exclude from section 65
of this Act any case which would otherwise fall
within that section.
( 3) A merger reference other than a newspaper merger
reference (whether apart from this section the reference could
be made or not) may be so framed as to exclude from con-
sideration, either altogether or for any specified purpose or
to any specified extent, any matter which, apart from this
section, would not have been taken into account on that
reference.
( 4) For the purposes of this section the following persons
hall be regarded as associated with one another, that is to say-
(a) any individual and that individual's husband or wife
and any relative, or husband or wife of a relative, of
that individual or of that individual's husband or wife ;
Fair Trading Act 1973 1163
c . 41
( b) any person in his capacity as trustee of a settlement and
the settlor or grantor and any person associated with
the settlor or grantor ;
( c) persons carrying on business in partnership and the
husband or wife and relatives of any of them ;
( d ) any two or more persons acting together to secure or
exercise control of a body corporate or other associa-
tion or to secure control of any enterprise or assets .
( 5 ) The reference in subsection ( 1) of this section to bodies
corporate which associated persons control shall be construed
as follows, that is to say-
( a) in its application for the purpose mentioned in paragraph
( a ) of that subsection, “ control " in that reference
means having a controlling interest within the meaning
of section 57(4) of this Act, and
( b) in its application for any other purpose mentioned in
subsection ( 1) of this section, " control " in that ref-
erence shall be construed in accordance with section
65( 3) and ( 4) of this Act.
( 6) In this section " relative " means a brother, sister, uncle,
aunt, nephew, niece, lineal ancestor or descendant (the stepchild
or illegitimate child of any person, or anyone adopted by a
person, whether legally or otherwise, as his child, being taken
into account as a relative or to trace a relationship in the same
way as that person's child ) ; and references to a wife or husband
shall include a former wife or husband and a reputed wife or
husband.
PART V
PART VI
REFERENCES TO COMMISSION OTHER THAN MONOPOLY AND
MERGER REFERENCES
78.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State, or the Secretary of State and General
references.
any other Minister acting jointly, may at any time require the
Commission to submit to him or them a report on the general
effect on the public interest-
( a ) of practices of a specified class which, in his or their
opinion, are commonly adopted as a result of, or for
the purpose of preserving, monopoly situations , or
(b) of any specified practices which appear to him or them
to be uncompetitive practices .
( 2 ) The Secretary of State, or the Secretary of State and any
other Minister acting jointly, may also at any time require
the Commission to submit to him or them a report on the
desirability of action of any specified description for the
purpose of remedying or preventing effects, adverse to the
public interest, which result or might result from monopoly
situations or from any such practices as are mentioned in the
preceding subsection.
c . 41
1164 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VI
References as
to restrictive
labour
practices .
1971 с. 72.
(3) The matters to be taken into consideration by the Commis-
sion on any reference under this section shall not include any
provisions of any agreement in so far as they are provisions
by virtue of which it is an agreement to which Part I of the
Act of 1956 applies.
79.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State, or the Secretary of State and
any other Minister acting jointly, may at any time refer to the
Commission the questions-
( a ) whether a practice of a description specified in the
reference exists and, if so, whether it is a restrictive
labour practice, and
( b ) if it exists and is a restrictive labour practice, whether it
operates or may be expected to operate against the
public interest and, if so, what particular effects, adverse
to the public interest, it has or may be expected to
have.
( 2) A reference under this section may refer those questions
to the Commission either-
( a ) in relation to commercial activities in the United
Kingdom generally, or
( b ) in relation to such commercial activities in the United
Kingdom as consist of the supply of goods of a
description specified in the reference, or of the supply
of services of a description so specified, or of the
export from the United Kingdom of goods of a
description so specified.
( 3) The Commission shall examine any questions referred to
them under this section and shall report to the Minister or
Ministers who referred them to the Commission.
( 4) For the purposes of their functions under subsection ( 3)
of this section the Commission shall disregard anything which
appears to them to have been done, or omitted to be done, in
contemplation or furtherance of an industrial dispute within the
meaning of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 .
ود
( 5 ) In this section " restrictive labour practice means any
practice whereby restrictions or other requirements, not being
restrictions or requirements relating exclusively to rates of
remuneration, operate in relation to the employment of workers
in any commercial activities in the United Kingdom or in rela-
tion to work done by any such workers, and are restrictions
or requirements which-
( a ) could be discontinued without thereby contravening
the provisions of an enactment or of any instrument
having effect by virtue of an enactment, and
( b) are not necessary for, or are more stringent than is
necessary for, the efficient conduct of those activities.
Fair Trading Act 1973 1165
с . 41
80. A reference made under this Part of this Act may at any PART VI
time be varied by the Minister or Ministers by whom the Variation of
reference was made. reference under
Part VI .
PART VII
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCES TO ADVISORY COMMITTEE
OR TO COMMISSION
81.-( 1 ) The Advisory Committee, in carrying out an Procedure in
investigation on a reference to which section 17 of this Act carrying out
applies, and the Commission, in carrying out an investigation on investigations
a reference made to them under this Act (whether it is a mono-
poly reference or a merger reference or a reference under Part VI
of this Act) , —
( a) shall take into consideration any representations made
to them by persons appearing to them to have a sub-
stantial interest in the subject-matter of the reference,
or by bodies appearing to them to represent substantial
numbers of persons who have such an interest, and
( b) unless in all the circumstances they consider it not
reasonably necessary or not reasonably practicable to
do so, shall permit any such person or body to be
heard orally by the Advisory Committee or the Com-
mission, as the case may be, or by a member of the
Committee or of the Commission nominated by them
for that purpose.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (1) of this section, the Advisory
Committee or the Commission may determine their own pro-
cedure for carrying out any investigation on a reference under
this Act, and in particular may determine-
(a) the extent, if any, to which persons interested or claim-
ing to be interested in the subject-matter of the refer-
ence are allowed to be present or to be heard, either
by themselves or by their representatives, or to cross-
examine witnesses or otherwise take part in the
investigation , and
( b) the extent , if any, to which the sittings of the Advisory
Committee or of the Commission are to be held in
public.
( 3) In determining their procedure under subsection (2) of
this section, and, in the case of the Commission, in exercising
any powers conferred on them by section 85 of this Act, the
Advisory Committee or the Commission, as the case may be,
shall act in accordance with any general directions which may
from time to time be given to them by the Secretary of State.
с.41
1166 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VII
General
provisions as
to reports.
Laying before
Parliament
and
publication
ofreports.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall lay before each House of
Parliament a copy of any directions given by him under sub-
section (3 ) of this section.
82.-( 1 ) In making any report under this Act the Advisory
Committee or the Commission shall have regard to the need
for excluding, so far as that is practicable,—
( a ) any matter which relates to the private affairs of an
individual, where the publication of that matter would
or might, in their opinion, seriously and prejudicially
affect the interests of that individual, and
(b) any matter which relates specifically to the affairs of a
particular body of persons, whether corporate or un-
corporate, where publication of that matter would
or might, in the opinion of the Advisory Committee
or of the Commission, as the case may be, seriously
and prejudicially affect the interests of that body, unless
in their opinion the inclusion of that matter relating
specifically to that body is necessary for the purposes
of the report.
( 2) For the purposes of the law relating to defamation,
absolute privilege shall attach to any report of the Advisory
Committee or of the Commission under this Act.
( 3) Subject to the next following subsection, if-
( a ) on a reference to the Advisory Committee under this
Act, or
( b) on a reference to the Commission, other than a
monopoly reference limited to the facts,
a member of the Advisory Committee or of the Commission, as
the case may be, dissents from any conclusions contained in the
report on the reference as being conclusions of the Committee
or of the Commission, the report shall, if that member so
desires , include a statement of his dissent and of his reasons for
dissenting.
( 4 ) In relation to a report made by a group of members of
the Commission in pursuance of paragraph 10 or paragraph
11 of Schedule 3 to this Act, subsection (3) of this section shall
have effect subject to paragraph 14( 1) of that Schedule .
83.- ( 1 ) The Minister or Ministers to whom any report of
the Advisory Committee on a reference to which section 17 of
this Act applies, or any report of the Commission under this
Act , is made shall lay a copy of the report before each House
of Parliament, and shall arrange for the report to be published
in such manner as appears to the Minister or Ministers to be
appropriate.
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1167
( 2) If such a report is presented by command of Her Majesty
PART VII
to either House of Parliament otherwise than at or during the
time of a sitting of that House, the presentation of the report
shall for the purposes of this section be treated as the laying
of a copy of it before that House by the Minister or Ministers
to whom the report was made.
( 3) If it appears to the Minister or Ministers to whom any
report of the Advisory Committee or of the Commission under
this Act is made that the publication of any matter in the report
would be against the public interest, the Minister or Ministers
shall exclude that matter from the copies of the report as laid
before Parliament and from the report as published under this
section.
( 4 ) Any reference in this Act to a report of the Advisory
Committee or of the Commission as laid before Parliament shall
be construed as a reference to the report in the form in which
copies of it are laid ( or by virtue of subsection (2) of this section
are treated as having been laid) before each House of Parliament
under this section.
PART VIII
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO REFERENCES TO
COMMISSION
84.-( 1 ) In determining for any purposes to which this section Public
applies whether any particular matter operates, or may be interest.
expected to operate, against the public interest, the Commission
shall take into account all matters which appear to them in
the particular circumstances to be relevant and, among other
things, shall have regard to the desirability-
( a) of maintaining and promoting effective competition
between persons supplying goods and services in the
United Kingdom ;
( b) of promoting the interests of consumers, purchasers and
other users of goods and services in the United Kingdom
in respect of the prices charged for them and in respect
of their quality and the variety of goods and services
supplied ;
( c) of promoting, through competition, the reduction of costs
and the development and use of new techniques and
new products, and of facilitating the entry of new
competitors into existing markets ;
( d ) of maintaining and promoting the balanced distribu-
tion of industry and employment in the United
Kingdom ; and
(e ) of maintaining and promoting competitive activity in
markets outside the United Kingdom on the part of
c .41
1168 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VIII
producers of goods, and of suppliers of goods and
services, in the United Kingdom.
( 2) This section applies to the purposes of any functions of
the Commission under this Act other than functions to which
section 59(3) of this Act applies.
Attendance of
85.-( 1 ) For the purposes of any investigation on a reference
witnesses and production of
made to them under this Act the Commission may, by notice in
writing signed on their behalf by any of their members or by
documents.
their secretary, -
(a ) require any person to attend at a time and place specified
in the notice, and to give evidence to the Commission
or a member of the Commission nominated by them
for the purpose, or
( b) require any person to produce, at a time and place
specified in the notice, to the Commission or to any
person nominated by the Commission for the purpose,
any documents which are specified or described in the
notice and which are documents in his custody or under
his control and relating to any matter relevant to the
investigation, or
( c) require any person carrying on any business to furnish
to the Commission such estimates , returns or other
information as may be specified or described in the
notice, and specify the time, the manner and the form
in which any such estimates, returns or information
are to be furnished.
( 2 ) For the purposes of any such investigation the Commission,
or a member of the Commission nominated by them for that
purpose, may take evidence on oath, and for that purpose may
administer oaths.
( 3) No person shall be compelled for the urpose of any
such investigation to give any evidence or produce any document
which he could not be compelled to give or produce in civil
proceedings before the court or, in complying with any require
ment for the furnishing of information, to give any information
which he could not be compelled to give in evidence in such
proceedings.
( 4 ) No person shall be required, in obedience to a notice
under subsection (1) of this section, to go more than ten miles
from his place of residence unless the necessary expenses of his
attendance are paid or tendered to him .
( 5) Any person who refuses or, without reasonable excuse,
fails to do anything duly required of him by a notice under sub-
section ( 1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1169
(6) Any person who-
( a) wilfully alters, suppresses or destroys any document
which he has been required by any such notice to
produce, or
( b) in furnishing any estimate, return or other information
required of him under any such notice, makes any
statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular or recklessly makes any statement which is
false in a material particular,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £ 400 or, on conviction on indictment, to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine or
toboth.
( 7 ) If a person makes default in complying with a notice
under subsection ( 1) of this section, the court may, on the
application of the Secretary of State, make such order as the
court thinks fit for requiring the default to be made good ;
and any such order may provide that all the costs or expenses
of and incidental to the application shall be borne by the person
in default or by any officers of a company or other association
who are responsible for its default.
( 8) In this section " the court "-
( a ) in relation to England and Wales, means the High
Court;
( b) in relation to Scotland, means the Court of Session ;
and
( c ) in relation to Northern Ireland, means the High Court
or a judge of the High Court.
PART VIII
86.-(1 ) Subject to the next following subsection, a copy of Director to
every report of the Commission on a monopoly reference, or on receive copies
a merger reference other than a newspaper merger reference, of reports .
shall be transmitted by the Commission to the Director ; and
the Minister or Ministers to whom any such report is made shall
take account of any advice given to him or them by the Director
with respect to a report of which a copy is transmitted to the
Director under this section.
( 2) The preceding subsection shall not apply to a report made
on a monopoly reference, where the reference was made by a
Minister or Ministers and ( by virtue of any of the provisions of
section 50 of this Act) could not have been made by the Director .
( 3 ) In this section " Minister " includes the Minister of
Agriculture for Northern Ireland and the Minister of Commerce
for Northern Ireland.
c. 41
1170 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VIII
Supple-
mentary provisions as
to laying reports before
Parliament.
Action by
Director in
consequence
of report of
Commission
on monopoly
or merger
reference.
87.-( 1 ) Where under section 83 of this Act the Secretary of
State lays before Parliament a copy of a report of the Com-
mission on a newspaper merger reference, then-
( a) if before laying it the Secretary of State has consented
to the transfer of a newspaper or of newspaper assets
to which the report relates, he shall annex a copy of
that consent to the copy of the report laid before
Parliament, or
( b) if he subsequently consents to that transfer, he shall
thereupon lay before Parliament a copy of that consent.
( 2) Where the persons to whom a report of the Commission
is made under this Act include the Minister of Agriculture for
Northern Ireland, that Minister shall lay a copy of the report
before the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland ,
and shall arrange for it to be published in Northern Ireland in
such manner as appears to him to be appropriate.
( 3) If a report to which subsection (2) of this section applies
is presented by command of the Governor of Northern Ireland
to the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland other-
wise than at or during the time of a sitting of the Senate or of
that House, as the case may be, the presentation of the report
shall for the purposes of that subsection be treated as the laying
of a copy of it before the Senate or that House as required by
that subsection.
88.-( 1 ) Where a report of the Commission on a monopoly
reference, or on a merger reference other than a newspaper
merger reference, as laid before Parliament, -
( a) in the case of a monopoly reference, sets out such
conclusions as are mentioned in section 56(1) of this
Act, or
( b) in the case of a merger reference, sets out such con-
clusions as are mentioned in section 73(1) or in section
75(4) (e) of this Act,
and a copy of the report is transmitted to the Director under
section 86 of this Act, it shall be the duty of the Director,
if requested by the appropriate Minister or Ministers to do so,
to consult the relevant parties with a view to obtaining from
them undertakings to take action indicated in the request made
to the Director as being action requisite, in the opinion of the
appropriate Minister or Ministers, for the purpose of remedying
or preventing the adverse effects specified in the report.
(2) The Director shall report to the appropriate Minister or
Ministers the outcome of his consultations under the preceding
subsection ; and if any undertaking is given by any of the relevant
parties to take action indicated in the request made to the
Director as mentioned in that subsection ( in this section referred
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1171
66
to as an appropriate undertaking ") the Minister to whom the undertaking is given shall furnish particulars of it to the
Director.
( 3) Where in his consultations under subsection (1) of this
section the Director seeks to obtain an appropriate undertaking
from any of the relevant parties, and either-
( a ) he is satisfied that no such undertaking is likely to be
given by that party within a reasonable time, or
( b) having allowed such time as in his opinion is reasonable
for the purpose, he is satisfied that no such undertaking
has been given by that party,
the Director shall give such advice to the appropriate Minister
or Ministers as he may think proper in the circumstances (includ-
ing, if the Director thinks fit , advice with respect to the
exercise by the appropriate Minister or Ministers of his or their
powers under section 56 or section 73 of this Act, as the case
may be ) .
( 4) Where the Director has made a report under subsection (2)
of this section, and particulars of an undertakir.g given by any
of the relevant parties have been furnished to the Director in
accordance with that subsection, it shall be the duty of the
Director-
( a ) to keep under review the carrying out of that under-
taking, and from time to time to consider whether,
by reason of any change of circumstances, it needs
to be varied or to be superseded by a new undertaking,
and
( b) if it appears to him that it has not been or is not
being fulfilled, or needs to be varied or superseded,
to give such advice to the appropriate Minister or
Ministers as he may think proper in the circumstances .
(5) Where, in consequence of a report of which a copy is trans-
mitted to the Director under section 86 of this Act, an order
is made under section 56 or section 73 of this Act in relation to
any of the matters to which the report relates, it shall be the
duty of the Director to keep under review the action (if any)
taken in compliance with that order, and from time to time to
consider whether, by reason of any change of circumstances, the
order should be varied or should be superseded by a new order,
and-
PART VIII
(a ) if it appears to him that the order has in any respect
not been complied with, to consider whether any action
( by way of proceedings in accordance with section 93
of this Act or otherwise) should be taken for the pur-
pose of securing compliance with the order, and
c.41
1172 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VIII
( where in his opinion it is appropriate to do so) to
take such action himself or give advice to any Minister
or other person by whom such action might be taken,
or
(b) if it appears to him that the order needs to be varied,
or to be superseded by a new order, to give such advice
to the appropriate Minister or Ministers as he may
think proper in the circumstances .
( 6) In this section " the relevant parties "—
( a) in relation to a report of the Commission on a monopoly
reference, means the person or persons specified in
the report as being the person or persons in whose
favour the monopoly situation in question exists ;
( b) in relation to a report of the Commission on a merger
reference under section 75 of this Act, which includes a
finding that a merger situation qualifying for investi-
gation will be created if the arrangements in question
are carried into effect, means any person indicated in
the report as being a person by whom in accordance
with the arrangements any assets are to be taken over ;
( c ) in relation to a report of the Commission on a merger
reference, other than a newspaper merger reference
or a reference falling within paragraph (b) of this
subsection, means the persons specified in the report as
being persons carrying on, owning or controlling any
of the enterprises which, in accordance with the con-
clusions of the Commission, have ceased to be distinct
enterprises ;
and, in relation to a report of the Commission, " the appropriate
Minister or Ministers " means the Minister or Ministers to whom
the report is made, " undertaking " means an undertaking given
to that Minister or to one of those Ministers, as the case may be,
and, in subsections (3) and ( 5) of this section, the references to
section 73 of this Act shall be construed as including references
to that section as applied by section 75( 4) of this Act.
Interim order
89.-(1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect
after report of Commission
where-
under s. 54
( a ) in the circumstances specified in subsection ( 1 ) of
or s. 72.
section 56 of this Act the Secretary of State makes, or
has under consideration the making of, an order under
that section exercising any of the powers specified in
Part II of Schedule 8 to this Act, or
( b) in the circumstances specified in subsection ( 1) of
section 73 of this Act the Secretary of State makes, or
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1173
has under consideration the making of, an order under
that section exercising any of those powers ;
and in those provisions " the principal order " means the order
which the Secretary of State makes, or has it under consideration
to make, as mentioned in paragraph (a ) or paragraph ( b) of this
subsection.
(2) With a view to achieving the purpose for which any of
the powers specified in Part II of that Schedule are, or are
proposed to be, exercised by the principal order, the Secretary
of State may by order made by statutory instrument exercise
any of the powers mentioned in the next following subsection.
(3) An order under this section may-
( a ) prohibit or restrict the doing of things which, in the
opinion of the Secretary of State, might impede the
operation of the principal order or, where it has not
yet been made, might be an impediment to making it ;
( b) impose on any person concerned obligations as to the
carrying on of any activities or the safeguarding of
any assets ;
(c) provide for the carrying on of any activities or the safe-
guarding of any assets either by the appointment of
a person to conduct or supervise the conduct of any
activities (on such terms and with such powers as
may be specified or described in the order under this
section ) or in any other manner.
PART VIII
90.-( 1 ) This section applies to any order under section 56, General
section 73, section 74 or section 89 of this Act. provisions
as to orders
( 2 ) Any such order declaring anything to be unlawful mayunder ss. 56,
declare it to be unlawful either for all persons or for such 73, 74 and 89.
persons as may be specified or described in the order.
( 3) Nothing in any such order shall have effect so as to apply
to any person in relation to his conduct outside the United
Kingdom unless that person is-
( a) a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies, or
(b) a body corporate incorporated under the law of the
United Kingdom or of a part of the United Kingdom,
or
( c ) a person carrying on business in the United Kingdom,
either alone or in partnership with one or more other
persons,
but, in the case of a person falling within paragraph ( a), рага-
graph (b) or paragraph (c ) of this subsection, any such order
may extend to acts or omissions outside the United Kingdom.
( 4) An order to which this section applies may extend so as
to prohibit the carrying out of agreements already in existence
on the date on which the order is made.
с . 41
1174 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VIII
1958 с. 47.
1964 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.) .
Procedure
relating to
orders to
which s. 90
applies.
( 5 ) Nothing in any order to which this section applies shall
have effect so as to restrict the doing of anything for the purpose
of restraining an infringement of a United Kingdom patent or
so as to restrict any person as to the conditions which he attaches
to a licence to do anything the doing of which would, but for the
licence, be an infringement of a United Kingdom patent.
(6) Nothing in any such order shall affect the conduct of a
board established under a scheme made under the Agricultural
Marketing Act 1958 or under the Agricultural Marketing Act
( Northern Ireland) 1964.
( 7) An order to which this section applies may authorise the
Minister making the order to give directions to a person specified
in the directions, or to the holder for the time being of an
office so specified in any company or association, -
(a) to take such steps within his competence as may be
specified or described in the directions for the purpose
ofcarrying out, or securing compliance with, the order,
or
( b ) to do or refrain from doing anything so specified or
described which he might be required by the order to
do or refrain from doing,
and may authorise that Minister to vary or revoke any directions
so given.
91.-( 1 ) No order to which section 90 of this Act applies and
which exercises any of the powers specified in Part II of
Schedule 8 to this Act, and no order varying or revoking any
such order, shall be made unless a draft of the order has been
laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each
House of Parliament ; and the provisions of Schedule 9 to this
Act shall have effect with respect to the procedure to be followed
before laying before Parliament a draft of any such order.
(2) Before making any order under section 56 or section 73
of this Act other than any such order as is mentioned in the
preceding subsection, the Minister proposing to make the order
shall publish, in such manner as appears to him to be appro-
priate, a notice-
( a ) stating his intention to make the order ;
( b ) indicating the nature of the provisions to be embodied
in the order ; and
( c ) stating that any person whose interests are likely to be
affected by the order, and who is desirous of making
representations in respect of it, should do so in writing
( stating his interest and the grounds on which he wishes
to make the representations) before a date specified in
the notice (that date being not earlier than the end
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1175
of the period of thirty days beginning with the day PART VIII
onwhich publication of the notice is completed) ;
and the Minister shall not make the order before the date
specified in the notice in accordance with paragraph ( c ) of this
subsection and shall consider any representations duly made
to him in accordance with the notice before that date.
92.-( 1 ) For the purpose of determining whether to make Investigation
an order to which section 90 of this Act applies whereby any of company
powers are to be exercised in relation to a company or associa- or association
with reference
tion, or for the purpose of obtaining information on which to to order to
exercise by or under any such order any powers in relation to which s . 90
a company or association, the Secretary of State may appoint applies.
an inspector to investigate and report to him on any such
matters falling within the next following subsection as are speci-
fied or described in the appointment.
( 2 ) The matters which may be so specified or described are
any matters which, in the case of a company registered under
the Companies Act 1948 , -
1948 с. 38.
( a ) could in accordance with sections 165 and 166 of that
Act be investigated by an inspector appointed under
section 165 of that Act, or
( b ) could in accordance with section 172 of that Act, or
in accordance with any provisions as applied by sub-
section (5 ) of that section, be investigated by an
inspector appointed under that section.
( 3) For purposes connected with any investigation made by
an inspector appointed under this section
( a) section 167 (or that section as applied by section 172(5))
of the Companies Act 1948 shall have effect as it has 1948 c. 38.
effect for the purposes of any investigation under section
165 or section 172 of that Act, and
( b) the provisions of that Act referred to in this and the
last preceding subsection shall be taken to extend
throughout the United Kingdom .
93.-( 1 ) No criminal proceedings shall, by virtue of the Enforcement
making of an order to which section 90 of this Act applies, lie of orders to
against any person on the grounds that he has committed, or applies.
which s. 90
aided, abetted, counselled or procured the commission of, or
conspired or attempted to commit, or incited others to commit,
any contravention of the order .
( 2) Nothing in the preceding subsection shall limit any right
of
any per person to bring civil proceedings in respect of any
contravention or apprehended contravention of any such order,
and ( without prejudice to the generality of the preceding words)
c .41
1176 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART VIII compliance with any such order shall be enforceable by civil
proceedings by the Crown for an injunction or interdict or for
any other appropriate relief.
( 3) If any person makes default in complying with any direc-
tions given under section 90( 7) of this Act, the court may, on
the application of the Secretary of State, make an order requiring
him to make good the default within a time specified in the
order, or, if the directions related to anything to be done in the
management or administration of a company or association,
requiring the company or association or any officer of it to do so.
( 4 ) Any order of the court under subsection (3) of this section
may provide that all the costs or expenses of or incidental to
the application for the order shall be borne by any person in
default or by any officers of a company or association who are
responsible for its default.
( 5 ) In this section " the court
ود
( a) in relation to England and Wales, means the High
Court ;
(b) in relation to Scotland, means the Court of Session ;
and
( c) in relation to Northern Ireland, means the High Court
or a judge of the High Court.
Transfer of
functions of
Registrar to
Director.
PART IX
AMENDMENTS OF RESTRICTIVE TRADE PRACTICES ACTS
94.-( 1 ) Subject to the transitional provisions having effect
by virtue of section 139 of this Act , the functions of the
Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements are hereby trans-
ferred to the Director, and the office of Registrar of Restrictive
Trading Agreements is hereby abolished.
( 2 ) In accordance with the preceding subsection, but without
prejudice to any amendment made by any other provisions of
this Act, in the Act of 1956, the Act of 1964 and the Act of
1968, for the words " the Registrar " or the words " the Registrar
of Restrictive Trading Agreements ", in each place where they
occur, there shall be substituted the words " the Director ".
Agreements as 95. Section 6( 1) of the Act of 1956 (which provides for
to prices to be agreements under which restrictions are accepted on certain
recommended matters to be subject to Part I of the Act) and section 5(1) of
or suggested
for resale
the Act of 1968 (which makes similar provision in relation to
ofgoods.
information agreements) shall each be amended by inserting the
following paragraph after paragraph (a ) : -
66 ( aa ) the prices to be recommended or suggested as the
prices to be charged or quoted in respect of the resale
ofgoods supplied ".
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1177
96. In section 6 of the Act of 1956 (agreements to which Part
PART IX
I applies), after subsection (5 ) (which relates to obligations to Subscriptions
make payments calculated by reference to certain variable to trade
factors) there shall be inserted the following proviso : -
associations .
" Provided that this subsection does not apply to any
obligation on the part of any person to make payments to
a trade association of which he is a member, if the payments
are to consist only of bona fide subscriptions for member-
ship of the association ".
97. In section 6( 8) of the Act of 1956 (which contains a " Trade
definition of " trade association ") , after the words " or of association "
persons represented by its members " there shall be inserted the not to
include
words " and which is not a society for the time being approved certain
under section 6A of this Act " .
approved
societies.
98. After section 6 of the Act of 1956 there shall be inserted Wholesale
the following section : -
co-operative
societies." 6A. (1) The Secretary of State may approve under
this section any industrial and provident society which in
his opinion fulfils the following conditions, that is to say-
(a ) that it carries on business in the production or
supply of goods or in the supply of services or in
the application to goods of any process of manu-
facture ;
( b) that its shares are wholly or mainly held by indus-
trial and provident societies ; and
(c ) that those societies are retail societies or societies
whose shares are wholly or mainly held by retail
societies .
(2) An approval given in respect of a society under this
section shall (if it has not been previously withdrawn)
expire at the end of the period of two years beginning with
the date on which it was given or, if that period is extended
( once or more than once) under the next following sub-
section, at the end of that period as so extended, or further
extended, as the case may be.
(3) The Secretary of State may extend or, if it has already
been extended under this subsection, may further extend
the period of two years referred to in subsection (2) of this
section by such period, not exceeding two years, as he may
specify.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may at any time withdraw an
approval given in respect of a society under this section if
it appears to him-
( a ) that the society has made an agreement which
would have been subject to registration under this
c . 41
1178 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IX
1965 с. 12.
Agreements
relating to
coal or
steel.
Part of this Act if the approval had not been
given, or that such a recommendation as is men-
tioned in section 6(7) of this Act has been made
by or on behalf of the society, and
(b) that the agreement or recommendation has such
adverse effects on competition that it should not
be precluded from being investigated by the Court
under the following provisions of this Part of this
Act .
(5) On the expiry or withdrawal of an approval given in
respect of a society under this section, the provisions of this
Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to agreements
and recommendations made by the society during the
currency of the approval as if the society had not been
approved under this section.
(6) In this section-
"
" industrial and provident society means a society
registered or deemed to be registered under the
Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 or
under the corresponding law in Northern Ireland ;
" retail society " means a society which carries on
business in the sale by retail of goods for the
domestic or personal use of individuals dealing
with the society, or in the provision of services for
such individuals ;
" the corresponding law in Northern Ireland " means
the law for the time being in force in Northern
Ireland for purposes corresponding to those of the
Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 " .
99. In section 7 of the Act of 1956, before subsection (2)
there shall be inserted the following subsections : -
" ( 1A ) In determining whether an agreement is an agree-
ment to which this Part of this Act applies, where-
(a) the parties to the agreement are or include two or
more bodies to which this subsection applies, and
(b) restrictions relating to coal or steel, or relating to
both coal and steel, are accepted under the agree-
ment by two or more such bodies, whether the
restrictions so accepted by those bodies are the
same restrictions or different restrictions,
no account shall be taken of any such restriction which is
accepted under the agreement by a body to which this sub-
section applies, whether that restriction is also accepted by
any other party to the agreement or not.
( 1B) Subsection ( 1A ) of this section applies to any body
which, in accordance with Article 80 of the E.C.S.C. Treaty,
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1179
constitutes an undertaking for the purposes of Articles 65 PART IX
and 66 of that Treaty, and in that subsection " coal " and
" steel " have the meanings assigned to them respectively
by Annex I to that Treaty."
100. In section 7( 3) of the Act of 1956 (which makes provision Agreements
as to agreements to comply with standards of dimension, design to comply with
66
or quality ) in paragraph (a ), for the words or quality " there standards of
performance.
shall be substituted the words " quality or performance ".
101. In section 8 of the Act of 1956, at the beginning of Patent or
subsection ( 4 ) there shall be inserted the words " Subject to design
section 8A of this Act " ; and after that section there shall be pooling
agreements.inserted the following section : -
“ 8A. ( 1 ) No licence, assignment or agreement shall by
virtue of section 8( 4) of this Act be precluded from being
an agreement to which Part I of this Act applies if-
(a) in the case of an agreement, it is a patent or design
pooling agreement, or
( b) whether being a licence, assignment or agreement,
it is a licence, assignment or agreement granted
or made in pursuance (directly or indirectly) of a
patent or design pooling agreement.
( 2 ) In this section (subject to subsection (4)) ' patent or
design pooling agreement ' means an agreement to which
the parties are or include at least three persons ( in this sub-
section referred to as ' principal parties ' ) each of whom has
an interest in one or more patents or registered designs ,
whereby each of the principal parties agrees, in respect of
patents or registered designs in which he has an interest,
or in respect of patents or registered designs in which he
has or may during the currency of the agreement acquire
an interest, —
(a ) to grant an interest in one or more such patents or
registered designs to one or more of the other principal
parties, or to one or more of those parties and to other
persons , or
( b) to grant an interest in at least one such patent or regis-
tered design to a third person for the purpose of
enabling that person to grant an interest in it to one
or more of the other principal parties, or to one or more
of those parties and to other persons,
and ' interest ' , in relation to a patent or registered design,
mean an interest as proprietor or licensee of the patent or
registered design or an interest consisting of such rights
as a person has by virtue of having applied for a patent
or for the registration of a design or by virtue of having
acquired the right to apply for a patent or for the regi-
stration of a design .
с . 41
1180 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IX
Particulars
ofexport
agreements
to be furn-
ished to
Director
( 3) For the purposes of this section a licence, assignment
or agreement-
( a ) shall be taken to be granted or made directly in
pursuance of a patent or design pooling agreement
if it is granted or made in pursuance of provisions
of that agreement such as are mentioned in para-
graph (a) of subsection (2) of this section, and
( b) shall be taken to be granted or made indirectly in
pursuance of a patent or design pooling agreement
if it is granted or made by a third person to
whom an interest has been granted in pursuance
of provisions of that agreement such as are men-
tioned in paragraph ( b) of that subsection.
( 4) In relation to any interest held by or granted to any
two or more persons jointly , subsection ( 2) of this section
shall apply as if those persons were one person by whom
the interest is held or to whom it is granted, and accordingly
those persons shall be treated for the purposes of that
subsection as together constituting one party ".
102.-( 1 ) The following subsection shall be added at the end
of section 10 of the Act of 1956 : —
" (8) Subsections ( 1) to ( 6 ) of this section shall have
effect in relation to any agreement which-
(a) relates to exports from the United Kingdom, and
( b) would, but for section 8( 8) of this Act , be an
agreement subject to registration under this Part
of this Act,
as if, in those subsections, any reference to an agreement being
or becoming subject to such registration were a reference to its
being or becoming an agreement which, but for section 8(8)
of this Act, would be subject to such registration. "
( 2 ) The following subsection shall be added at the end of
section 14 of the Act of 1956 : -
" ( 4 ) In subsection ( 1) of this section the reference to
an agreement subject to registration under this Part of this
Act shall be construed as including a reference to any
agreement which-
( a) relates to exports from the United Kingdom, and
(b) would, but for section 8( 8) of this Act , be an
agreement subject to registration under this Part
of this Act. "
(3) Subsection ( 1) of section 31 of the Act of 1956 (which
requires particulars of agreements relating to exports to be
furnished to the Secretary of State) shall cease to have effect.
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1181
103.- ( 1) In subsection (3) of section 15 of the Act of 1956
PART IX
( which in certain cases enables an order to be made for the Examination
attendance and examination on oath of an officer of a body on oath of
corporate) , after the words " director, manager, secretary or certain
other officer of that body corporate " there shall be inserted employees
of bodies
the words “
or of any person who ( not being such a director, corporate and
manager, secretary or other officer) is employed by the body unincorpo-
corporate and appears to the Court to be likely to have particular rated trade
knowledge of any of the matters in respect of which the notice associations.
was given ".
( 2) After that subsection there shall be inserted the following
subsections : -
" (3A) The provisions of subsection (3) of this section
shall have effect in relation to a trade association which is
not incorporated as they have effect in relation to a body
corporate.
(3B) Nothing in this section shall be taken to compel the
disclosure by a barrister, advocate or solicitor of any
privileged communication made by or to him in that capa-
city, or the production by him of any document containing
any such communication. "
104.-( 1) In section 20 of the Act of 1956 ( jurisdiction and Extension
powers of Restrictive Practices Court), in subsection (3) ( which ofcertain
enables the Court to make orders imposing certain restraints on powers of
Restrictive
parties to an agreement in respect of restrictions found by the Practices
Court to be contrary to the public interest ), after the words Court.
" United Kingdom " there shall be inserted the words " any trade
association of which any such person is a member or any person
acting on behalf of such a trade association " ; and at the end
of that subsection there shall be added the words " or
( c) where such an agreement as is mentioned in paragraph
( b) of this subsection has already been made, from
giving effect to that agreement or enforcing or purport-
ing to enforce it ;
and, where any of the parties to the agreement against whom
the order is made is a member of a trade association, the order
may include provisions for restraining the trade association ,
and any person acting on its behalf , from procuring or assisting
any such party to do anything which would be a contravention
of the order in its application to him ".
( 2) In section 7 of the Act of 1968 ( consequences of failure to
register) , in subsection ( 3) ( which enables the Restrictive Practices
Court to make orders imposing certain restraints on parties to
an agreement of which particulars have not been duly furnished),
after the words " United Kingdom " there shall be inserted the
c. 41
1182 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART IX words " any trade association of which any such person is a
member or any person acting on behalf of such a trade associa-
tion ", and for the word " him " there shall be substituted the
words " that person or association " ; and after that subsection
there shall be inserted the following subsection : -
66 (3A ) Where an order is made under subsection (3 ) of
this section against any party to an agreement and that
party is a member of a trade association, the order may
include provisions for restraining the trade association, and
any person acting on its behalf, from procuring or assisting
that party to do anything which would be a contravention
of the order in its application to him ".
Interim
orders of
Restrictive
Practices
Court.
105. After section 21 of the Act of 1956 there shall be inserted
the following section : -
“ 21A.--( 1 ) Where the Director has made an application
in respect of an agreement under subsection ( 1) of section
20 of this Act, then at any time, whether before or after
the Court has made a declaration under that subsection
in respect of the agreement, but before the Court has made
an order in respect of it under subsection (3) of that section,
the Director may apply to the Court for an interim order
under this section.
(2 ) An application under this section shall specify the
restrictions which appear to the Director, in relation to the
agreement to which the application relates, -
(a ) to be restrictions such as are mentioned in section
20( 1) of this Act, and
( b) to be contrary to the public interest, and
(c ) to be restrictions in respect of which, in accordance
with the following provisions of this section, it
would be appropriate for an interim order to be
made.
(3) If on an application under this section the Court is
satisfied that the following conditions are fulfilled in relation
to all or any of the restrictions specified in the application ,
that is to say-
(a ) that they are restrictions such as are mentioned in
section 20( 1 ) of this Act ;
(b) that they could not reasonably be expected to be
shown to fall within any of paragraphs (a) to (h)
of section 21 ( 1 ) of this Act ; and
(c) that the operation of the restrictions, during the
period likely to elapse before an order can be
made in respect of them under section 20(3) of
this Act, is likely to cause material detriment to
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1183
the public or a section of the public generally,
PART IX
or to a particular person who is not a party to
the agreement,
the Court may, if it thinks fit, make an interim order
specifying the restrictions in relation to which the Court
is satisfied that those conditions are fulfilled.
( 4) Any such interim order may exercise, in respect of
the restrictions specified in the order, any powers which
could be exercised in respect of them by an order under
section 20(3) of this Act if those restrictions had been found
by the Court to be contrary to the public interest.
(5) At any time when any such interim order is in force
the Court, on the application of the Director or of any
person who is subject to or entitled to the benefit of any
restriction specified in the order, may discharge the order
and substitute for it any interim order which could have
been made on the original application under this section.
(6) An interim order made under this section in respect
of an agreement shall cease to have effect on the occurrence
of whichever of the following first occurs, that is to say-
(a) the termination of such period, or the happening
of such event, as may be specified for that pur-
pose in the order ;
(b) the discharge of the order by the Court ;
( c) a declaration by the Court that the restrictions
specified in the interim order are not contrary
to the public interest ;
( d ) the final determination by the Court of an applica-
tion under section 20( 3) of this Act in respect
of that agreement. "
106. In section 36(1 ) of the Act of 1956, in the definition of Industrial and
" inter- connected bodies corporate ", after the words " all other provident
bodies corporate which are its subsidiaries within the meaning societies
and their
of section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act subsidiaries.
1948 " there shall be inserted the words 66
or (in the case of an 1948 c. 38.
industrial and provident society) within the meaning of section
15 of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968 c. 55.
1968 " .
PART X
EXTENSION OF ACT OF 1956 TO AGREEMENTS RELATING
TO SERVICES
107.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument Order
make an order in respect of a class of services described in the bringing under
order (in this Act referred to, in relation to an order under this control restrictive
agreements
relating to
services .
c .41
1184 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX section, as " services brought under control by the order ") and
direct by the order that, subject to the following provisions of
this Part of this Act, the agreements to which Part I of the Act
of 1956 applies shall include agreements, whether made before
or after the passing of this Act and whether before
or after the making of the order , which-
(a) are agreements between two or more persons carrying
on business within the United Kingdom in the supply
of services brought under control by the order, or
between two or more such persons together with one
or more other parties, and
(b) are agreements under which restrictions, in respect of
matters specified in the order for the purposes of this
paragraph, are accepted by two or more parties .
( 2) Aclass of services described in an order under this section,
as being the services brought under control by the order, may
consist--
(a) of services of one or more descriptions specified in that
behalf in the order, or
( b) of all services except services of one or more descriptions
so specified, or
(c) of all services without exception .
( 3) The matters which may be specified in such an order
for the purposes of subsection (1)(b) of this section are any of
the following, that is to say-
( a ) the charges to be made, quoted or paid for designated
services supplied, offered or obtained ;
(b) the terms or conditions on or subject to which designated
services are to be supplied or obtained ;
( c ) the extent (if any) to which, or the scale ( if any) on
which, designated services are to be made available,
supplied or obtained ;
( d ) the form or manner in which designated services are
to be made available, supplied or obtained ;
(e) the persons or classes of persons for whom or from
whom, or the areas or places in or from which,
designated services are to be made available or supplied
or are to be obtained.
Order
108.-( 1) The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument
bringing under make an order in respect of a class of services described in the
control
order ( in this Act referred to, in relation to an order under this
information
agreements
section, as " services brought under control by the order ") and
relating to
direct by the order that, subject to the following provisions of
services .this Part of this Act, the agreements to which Part I of the
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1185
Act of 1956 applies shall include agreements, whether made
before or after the passing of this Act and whether before or
after the making of the order, which-
(a) are agreements between two or more persons carrying
on business within the United Kingdom in the supply
of services brought under control by the order, or
between two or more such persons together with one
or more other parties, and
(b) are agreements under which provision is made for or in
relation to the furnishing by two or more parties to
each other or to other persons ( whether parties or not )
of information with respect to matters specified in the
order for the purposes of this paragraph.
( 2 ) Aclass of services described in an order under this section,
as being the services brought under control by the order may
consist-
(a) of services of one or more descriptions specified in that
behalf in the order, or
(b) of all services except services of one or more descriptions
so specified, or
( c) of all services without exception.
( 3) The matters which may be specified in such an order for
the purposes of subsection ( 1)(b) of this section are any of the
following, that is to say-
( a) the charges made, quoted or paid or to be made, quoted
or paid for designated services which have been or are
to be supplied, offered or obtained ;
( b ) the terms or conditions on or subject to which desig-
nated services have been or are to be supplied or
obtained ;
( c) the extent (if any) to which, or the scale (if any) on
which, designated services have been or are to be made
available, supplied or obtained ;
( d ) the form or manner in which designated services have
been or are to be made available, supplied or obtained ;
( e ) the costs incurred or to be incurred in making available,
supplying or obtaining designated services ;
( f ) the persons or classes of persons for whom or from
whom, or the areas or places in or from which, desig-
nated services have been or are to be made available
or supplied or have been or are to be obtained.
PARTX
109.-( 1 ) In relation to any order made under section 107 or Designated
section 108 of this Act, " designated services " in this Part of this services .
Act means services of any class described in the order as being
designated services .
PartII P
c. 41
1186 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX
( 2 ) Subject to the next following subsection, a class of services
described in any such order as being designated services may
consist wholly or partly of services brought under control by
the order or wholly or partly of other services, and may be
described so as to consist-
( a ) of services of one or more descriptions specified in that
behalf in the order, or
( b) of all services except services of one or more descrip-
tions so specified,
and different classes of services may be so described in relation
to different matters specified in the order for the purposes
of section 107 ( 1) (b) or section 108 ( 1) (b) of this Act, as the case
may be.
( 3) A class of services described in such an order as being
designated services shall not include any of the services specified
in Schedule 4 to this Act.
Supple-
110.-( 1 ) An order under section 107 or section 108 of this
mentary
Act may limit the operation of the order to agreements fulfilling
provisions as
such conditions ( in addition to those mentioned in section 107
toorders
under s. 107 or or section 108, as the case may be) as may be specified in the
8.108 . order.
( 2) In particular, but without prejudice to the generality of
the preceding subsection, an order under section 108 of this Act
may limit the operation of the order to agreements under
which the provision for the furnishing of information ( as
mentioned in subsection (1 )( b) of that section ) is provision of a
kind specified in the order or provides for the furnishing of
information of a kind so specified.
(3) Subject to subsection ( 1) of this section-
(a) for the purposes of any order under section 107 of this
Act it is immaterial whether any restrictions accepted
by parties to an agreement relate to the same or to
different matters specified in the order for the purposes
of subsection (1)(b) of that section, or have the same or
a different effect in relation to any matter so specified,
and
( b) for the purposes of any order under section 108 of this
Act it is immaterial whether any provision made by an
agreement for or in relation to the furnishing of
information relates to the same or to different matters
specified in the order for the purposes of subsection
(1) (b) of that section,
and it is immaterial for those purposes whether the parties
accepting any restrictions, or the parties by whom any informa-
tion is to be furnished, as the case may be, carry on the same
class or different classes of business.
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1187
( 4 ) Where, at a time when an order under section 107 or
PARTX
section 108 of this Act ( in this subsection referred to as " the
earlier order ") is in force, another order (in this subsection
referred to as " the subsequent order ") is made under the same
section, the subsequent order may provide that-
( a ) for the purposes of the earlier order, or
( b) for the purposes of the subsequent order, or
( c ) for the purposes of both orders,
the condition specified in subsection ( 1)(a) of section 107 or in
subsection ( 1) (a) of section 108 of this Act, as the case may be,
shall be treated as fulfilled in relation to an agreement if it is an
agreement to which the parties are or include one person carrying
on business in the United Kingdom in the supply of services
brought under control by the earlier order and one person
carrying on business within the United Kingdom in the supply
of services brought under control by the subsequent order.
( 5 ) Subsection ( 4) of this section shall have effect without
prejudice to any power to vary any order made under section
107 or section 108 of this Act.
( 6 ) In the following provisions of this Part of this Act " the
relevant enactments " , in relation to an order under section 107
or section 108 of this Act, means the provisions of this Part of
this Act (including whichever of those sections is applicable ) as
they have effect in relation to that order and the provisions of
the Act of 1956 and of the Act of 1968 as applied in relation
to that order by the following provisions of this Part of this Act.
111.-( 1) No order shall be made under section 107 or section Procedure in
108 of this Act unless a draft of the order has been laid before relation to
Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of ordersunder
Parliament.
s. 107 or s. 108.( 2) Before laying before Parliament a draft of any such order,
the Secretary of State shall publish in such manner as he thinks
appropriate a notice-
( a ) describing the classes of services which, if the order is
made, will be services brought under control by the
order and will be designated services in relation to the
order respectively ;
( b) indicating the nature of any limitation to be imposed by
the order under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of
section 110 of this Act; and
( c ) specifying a period ( not being less than twenty- eight
days) within which representations with respect to the
proposed order may be made to the Secretary of State.
Part II P2
с .41
1188 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX Provisions as
to certain
associations.
(3) In settling the draft to be laid before Parliament the
Secretary of State shall take into consideration any representa-
tions with respect to the proposed order which may be received
by him within the period specified in the notice in accordance
with subsection (2) (c) of this section.
112.-( 1 ) For the purposes of any order made under section
107 or section 108 of this Act, and for the purposes of the
operation of the relevant enactments in relation to any such
order, subsections (2) to (5) of this section shall have effect in
relation to any association ( whether incorporated or not) if-
( a ) its membership consists wholly or mainly of persons
(in this subsection referred to as " members affected by
the order ") who are either engaged in the supply of
services brought under control by the order or are
employed by or represent persons so engaged, and
(b) its objects or activities include the promotion of the
interests of persons engaged in the supply of those
services who are either members affected by the order
or are persons represented by such members, and
( c) it is not a society which is for the time being approved
under section 6A of the Act of 1956 .
(2) The relevant enactments shall have effect in relation to
any agreement made by the association-
(a ) as if the agreement were made between all persons who
are members of the association or are represented on
it by members of the association , and
( b) where any restriction is accepted under the agreement
by the association, or provision is made in the agree-
ment for or in relation to the furnishing of information
by the association, as if the like restriction were
accepted by, or (as the case may be) the like provision
were made for or in relation to the furnishing of in-
formation by, each of the persons who are members of
the association or are so represented.
(3) Where the order is one made under section 107 of this Act,
and specific recommendations ( whether express or implied) are
made by or on behalf of the association to its members, or to
any class of its members, as to the action to be taken or not to
be taken by them in relation to any particular class of services
in respect of any matters specified in the order for the purposes
of subsection ( 1 )(b) of that section, the relevant enactments
shall have effect in relation to the agreement for the constitution
of the association as if it contained a term by which each such
member, and any person represented on the association by
any such member, agreed to comply with those recommendations
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1189
and with any subsequent recommendations made to them by or
PARTX
on behalf of the association as to the action to be taken by
them in relation to the same class of services and in respect of
the same matters .
( 4 ) Where the order is one made under section 108 of this Act,
and specific recommendations ( whether express or implied )
are made by or on behalf of the association to its members, or
to any class of its members, as to the furnishing of information
in relation to any particular class of services in respect of any
matters specified in the order for the purposes of subsection
(1)(b ) of that section, the relevant enactments shall have effect
in relation to the agreement for the constitution of the associa-
tion as if it contained a term by which each such member, and
any person represented on the association by any such member,
agreed to comply with those recommendations and with any
subsequent recommendations made to them by or on behalf of
the association as to the furnishing of information in relation
to the same class of services and in respect of the same matters .
(5 ) Subsection (3) or subsection (4 ) of this section (where
applicable) shall have effect in relation to the agreement for the
constitution of an association notwithstanding any provision to
the contrary in that agreement.
( 6 ) In relation to a society which is for the time being
approved under section 6A of the Act of 1956, but which, in
consequence of an order made under section 107 or section 108
of this Act, is a society to which the preceding provisions of
this section would apply if it were not so approved, subsection
( 4) of that section (which confers power on the Secretary of
State to withdraw any such approval) shall have effect as if in
that subsection-
(a) any reference to an agreement which would have been
subject to registration under Part I of the Act of 1956
if the approval had not been given included a reference
to an agreement which would in those circumstances
have been subject to such registration by virtue of
the order, and
(b) any reference to such a recommendation as is men-
tioned in section 6(7) of that Act included a reference to
such a recommendation as is mentioned in subsection
( 3) or subsection ( 4) of this section .
113.-( 1 ) For the purposes of any order made under section Matters to
107 of this Act, and for the purposes of the operation of the be treated as
relevant enactments in relation to any such order , an agreement equivalent to
which- restrictions
forpurposes
(a ) confers privileges or benefits only upon such parties as of s. 107.
comply with conditions as to any such matters as are
mentioned in subsection (3) of that section, or
Part II P3
1190 Fair Trading Act 1973
c . 41
PARTX
Provisions
tobe
disregarded.
(b) imposes obligations upon parties who do not comply
with such conditions,
shall be treated as an agreement under which restrictions are
accepted by each of the parties in respect of those matters.
( 2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, an obliga-
tion on the part of any party to an agreement to make payments
calculated by reference to the extent to which, or the scale on
which, -
( a) any designated services are made available or supplied
byhim, or
(b) any services are obtained by him for the purpose of
making available or supplying any designated services,
if the payments are calculated, or calculated at an increased rate,
in respect of an extent or scale exceeding an extent or scale
specified in or ascertained in accordance with the agreement,
shall, subject to the next following subsection, be treated for
the purposes mentioned in the preceding subsection as a restric-
tion in respect of the extent or scale of the designated services
to be made available or supplied.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) of this section shall not apply to any
obligation on the part of any person to make payments to an
association of which he is a member, if it is such an association
as is mentioned in section 112(1) of this Act and the payments
are to consist only of bona fide subscriptions for membership of
the association.
114.-( 1 ) The following provisions of this section shall have
effect for the purpose of determining whether an agreement is
one to which Part I of the Act of 1956 applies by virtue of an
order made under section 107 or section 108 of this Act.
( 2 ) Subject to subsections (3) and ( 4 ) of this section, no account
shall for that purpose be taken of any term which relates
exclusively to the services supplied in pursuance of the agree
ment in question.
( 3) Where the order referred to in subsection ( 1) of this
section is an order under section 107 of this Act, and any of the
restrictions accepted as mentioned in subsection ( 1)( b) of that
section are accepted as between two or more persons by whom
designated services are to be supplied, or as between two or
more persons for whom designated services are to be supplied, in
pursuance of the agreement , subsection ( 2) of this section shall
not apply to any term of the agreement which imposes those
restrictions unless those restrictions are accepted in pursuance
of a previous agreement in respect of which particulars have
been registered under Part I of the Act of 1956 as applied by
this Part of this Act.
c. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1191
( 4 ) Where the order referred to in subsection (1 ) of this
PARTX
section is an order made under section 108 of this Act, and the
term referred to in subsection ( 2 ) of this section is a term by
which provision is made for the furnishing of information as
mentioned in subsection (1)( b) of that section by two or more
persons by whom designated services are to be supplied, or by
two or more persons for whom designated services are to be
supplied, in pursuance of the agreement, subsection ( 2 ) of this
section shall not apply to that term unless it was included in
the agreement in pursuance of a previous agreement of which
particulars have been registered under Part I of the Act of
1956 as applied by this Part of this Act.
( 5) For the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section
no account shall be taken of any term by which the parties
or any of them agree to comply with or apply, in respect of
making available, supplying or obtaining any designated
services, -
( a) any standards ( whether being standards of performance
in the provision of the services or standards of
dimension, design, quality or performance in respect
of goods used in providing them ) which are either
standards approved for the time being by the British
Standards Institution or standards prescribed or
adopted by an association or other body and for the
time being approved by an order made by the Secre-
tary of State by statutory instrument, or
( b) any arrangements either approved by the British
Standards Institution, or prescribed or adopted and
approved by an order of the Secretary of State, as
mentioned in the preceding paragraph, as to the pro-
vision of information or advice to persons for whom
designated services are supplied or agreed to be
supplied.
( 6 ) For the purpose mentioned in subsection ( 1) of this section
no account shall be taken of any restriction which affects or
relates to any of the matters mentioned in section 7( 4) of the
Act of 1956 ( which relates to employment and to terms and
conditions of employment ) or of any provision for or in relation
to the furnishing of information with respect to any of those
matters.
115.-( 1 ) Subsection ( 1) of section 8 of the Act of 1956 (which
relates to agreements expressly authorised by or under an Excepted
enactment) and subsection (2) of that section ( which relates to agreements.
agreements constituting or forming part of a scheme certified
under provisions of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970 relating to schemes for rationalising industry ) shall have 1970 c. 10.
effect in relation to any agreement notwithstanding any order
under section 107 or section 108 of this Act.
Part II P4
с .41
1192 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX ( 2 ) Part I of the Act of 1956 shall not apply by virtue of any
such order to an agreement to which there are no parties other
than one person who agrees to supply services and another
person for whom they are to be supplied, where neither of those
persons is, in relation to that order, such an association as is
mentioned in section 112( 1) of this Act and, except in respect of
the supply of services of the same description to, or obtaining
services of the same description from, other persons, —
(a ) in the case of an order under section 107 of this Act, no
restrictions are accepted under the agreement by those
parties in respect of matters specified in the order for
the purposes of subsection (1)(b) of that section , or
( b ) in the case of an order under section 108 of this Act, no
provision is made under the agreement for or in
relation to the furnishing of information with respect
to matters specified in the order for the purpose of
subsection (1)(b) of that section.
(3) Subject to the next following subsection, Part I of the Act
of 1956 shall not apply by virtue of any such order to any
licence granted by the proprietor or any licensee of a patent or
by a person who has applied for a patent , to any assignment of
a patent or of the right to apply for a patent, or to any agreement
for such a licence or assignment, if it is a licence, assignment or
agreement under which-
( a ) in the case of an order under section 107 of this Act,
no restrictions in respect of matters specified in the
order for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) (b) of that
section are accepted except in respect of the invention
to which the patent or application for a patent relates,
or
( b) in the case of an order under section 108 of this Act,
no provision for or in relation to the furnishing of
information with respect to matters specified in the
order for the purposes of subsection ( 1) (b) of that
section is made except in respect of that invention.
( 4 ) No licence, assignment or agreement shall by virtue of
subsection (3) of this section be precluded from being an agree
ment to which Part I of the Act of 1956 applies if-
( a ) in the case of an agreement, it is a patent or design
pooling agreement, or
( b) whether being a licence, assignment or agreement, it is
a licence, assignment or agreement granted or made
in pursuance ( directly or indirectly ) of a patent or
design pooling agreement.
( 5) Part I of the Act of 1956 shall not apply by virtue of any
order under section 107 of this Act to an agreement between
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1193
two persons, neither of whom is such an association as is men-
tioned in section 112(1) of this Act, for the exchange of informa-
PARTXtion relating to techniques or processes to be applied in the
provision of designated services where-
( a ) no other person is party to the agreement, and
(b) all such restrictions as are mentioned in section 107( 1 ) (b)
of this Act which are accepted under the agreement
relate exclusively to the form or manner in which
services incorporating those techniques or processes
are to be made available or supplied.
( 6) Part I of the Act of 1956 shall not apply by virtue of any
such order to any agreement where-
( a ) in the case of an order under section 107 of this Act,
all such restrictions as are accepted under the agree
ment in respect of matters specified in the order for the
purposes of subsection ( 1) ( b) of that section ( or, in a
case falling within subsection (3) of section 112 of this
Act, all the recommendations referred to in that sub-
section ) relate to the supply of services outside the
United Kingdom or to the supply of services to persons
or in relation to property outside the United Kingdom,
or
( b) in the case of an order under section 108 of this Act, all
such provision as is made under the agreement for or
in relation to the furnishing of information with respect
to matters specified in the order for the purposes of
subsection ( 1 ) ( b) of that section ( or, in a case falling
within subsection ( 4) of section 112 of this Act, every
such recommendation as is referred to in that sub-
section ) relates to the supply of services as mentioned
in the preceding paragraph.
( 7 ) Any reference in this section to restrictions accepted in
respect of matters specified in an order under section 107 of this
Act for the purposes of subsection ( 1 )(b) of that section, or to
provision made for or in relation to the furnishing of information
with respect to matters specified in an order under section 108
of this Act for the purposes of subsection ( 1) ( b) of that section ,
shall be construed, in relation to any agreement, as not including
anything of which, by virtue of section 114 of this Act, account
cannot be taken for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1 )
of that section.
( 8) Subsections ( 2) to ( 4) of section 8A of the Act of 1956
shall have effect for the purposes of this section as they have
effect for the purposes of that section.
( 9) In this section " property " means property of any descrip-
tion, whether movable or immovable.
с .41
1194 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX
116.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
Application ofprovisions ofActs of
sections 9 to 23 of the Act of 1956 shall have effect in
relation to agreements to which Part I of that Act applies by
virtue of an order under section 107 or section 108 of this Act as
1956 and
1968.
they have effect in relation to agreements to which Part I of
that Act applies apart from any such order.
( 2) For the purposes of the application of those sections in
relation to an agreement to which Part I of that Act applies by
virtue of such an order, such of those sections as are specified
in the first column of Part I of Schedule 10 to this Act shall
have effect subject to the modifications specified in relation to
them in the second column of that Part of that Schedule.
( 3) For the purposes of the application of section 21 of that
Act in relation to an agreement to which Part I of that Act
applies by virtue of such an order, that section shall have effect
subject to the following modifications, that is to say-
( a ) with the substitution, for paragraphs ( a) and ( b) of sub-
section ( 1 ), of the following paragraphs: -
66 ( a ) that the restriction is reasonably necessary ,
having regard to the character of the services to
which it applies, to protect the public against injury
( whether to persons or to premises) in connection
with the use of those services or in connection with
the consumption, installation or use of goods in
relation to which those services are supplied:
( b ) that the removal of the restriction would deny
to the public as users of any services, or as pur-
chasers, consumers or users of any goods in relation
to which any services are supplied, other specific and
substantial benefits or advantages enjoyed or likely
to be enjoyed by them as such, whether by virtue
of the restriction itself or of any arrangements or
operations resulting therefrom " ;
( b) with the substitution , for paragraph (d ) of subsection
( 1), of the following paragraph : -
" (d ) that the restriction is reasonably necessary
to enable the persons party to the agreement to
negotiate fair terms for the supply of services to, or
for obtaining services from, any one person not
party thereto who controls a preponderant part of the
trade or business of supplying such services, or for
the supply of services to any person not party to
the agreement and not carrying on such a trade or
business who, either alone or in combination with
any other such person, controls a preponderant part
of the market for such services " ; and
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1195
( c ) with the substitution, in the provisions of that subsection
PARTX
after paragraph ( h), for the words " ( being purchasers,
consumers or users of goods produced or sold by such
parties, or persons engaged or seeking to become en-
gaged in the trade or business of selling such goods or
of producing or selling similar goods) " of the words
"( being users of services supplied by such parties, or
persons engaged or seeking to become engaged in any
business of supplying such services or of making avail-
able or supplying similar services, or being purchasers,
consumers or users of goods in relation to which any
such services or similar services are supplied) " .
( 4 ) Sections 1 to 3 and sections 6 and 7 of the Act of 1968
shall have effect in relation to agreements to which Part I of
the Act of 1956 applies by virtue of an order under section 107
or section 108 of this Act, but, in the case of such of those
sections as are specified in the first column of Part II of Schedule
10 to this Act, shall have effect in relation to such agreements
subject to the modifications specified in relation to them in the
second column of that Part of that Schedule.
( 5) In section 9 of the Act of 1968 any reference to particulars
entered or filed in the register pursuant to Part I of the Act of
1956 shall be construed as including a reference to particulars
so entered or filed pursuant to any provisions of Part I of the
Act of 1956 as applied by subsection (1) of this section.
(6) Any reference in this section to any provisions of the Act
of 1956 shall be construed as including a reference to those
provisions as applied by section 5( 2) of the Act of 1968 (which
relates to information agreements) ; and the modifications of
section 21 of the Act of 1956 made by subsection (3) of this
section shall be construed accordingly.
( 7 ) Where by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (4) of
this section any provisions of the Act of 1956 or of the Act
of 1968 are to have effect subject to modifications specified in
Schedule 10 to this Act for the purposes of their application to an
agreement to which Part I of the Act of 1956 applies by virtue
of an order under section 107 or section 108 of this Act-
(a ) that order shall be taken to be " the relevant order "
referred to in those modifications, and
( b) in those modifications " the Act of 1973 " means this
Act and " services brought under control by the
relevant order " means services of the class described
in that order in accordance with section 107(1 ) or
section 108 ( 1) of this Act.
117.-(1) In this Part of this Act, and in the modifications Interpretation
made by it, " services " does not include the application to goods ofPart X
andof any process of manufacture or any services rendered to an Schedule 10.
с.41
1196 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTX
Trading
schemes
towhich
PartXI
applies.
employer under a contract of employment, but, with those excep-
tions, includes engagements ( whether professional or other ) which
for gain or reward are undertaken and performed for any matter
other than the production or supply of goods, and any reference
to the supply of services or to supplying, obtaining or offering
services or to making services available shall be construed
accordingly.
( 2) In this Part of this Act and in the modifications made by
it " business " includes a professional practice.
( 3) Subsection ( 3) of section 6 (which relates to the meaning
of " agreement " and " restriction ") and subsections ( 1) to (3)
of section 36 (interpretation) of the Act of 1956 shall have effect
for the purposes of this Part of this Act and of the modifications
made by it.
( 4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any two or
more interconnected bodies corporate, or any two or more
individuals carrying on business in partnership with each other,
shall be treated as a single person.
( 5 ) In this section any reference to the modifications made
by this Part of this Act is a reference to any provisions which
by virtue of section 116 of this Act (whether they are provisions
set out in that section or in Schedule 10 to this Act) are to
be treated, for purposes mentioned in that section, as substituted
for provisions of the Act of 1956 or of the Act of 1968 .
PART XI
PYRAMID SELLING AND SIMILAR TRADING SCHEMES
118.-(1 ) This Part of this Act applies to any trading scheme
which includes the following elements, that is to say-
(a) goods or services, or both, are to be provided by the
person promoting the scheme (in this Part of this Act
66
referred to as the promoter ") or, in the case of a
scheme promoted by two or more persons acting in
concert (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the pro-
moters " ) , are to be provided by one or more of those
persons ;
( b) the goods or services so provided are to be supplied to
or for other persons under transactions effected by
persons (other than the promoter or any of the pro-
moters) who participate in the scheme (each of whom is
in this Part of this Act referred to as a " participant ") ;
( c ) those transactions, or most of them, are to be effected
elsewhere than at premises at which the promoter or
any of the promoters or the participant effecting the
transaction carries on business ; and
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1197
( d ) the prospect is held out to participants of receiving
payments or other benefits in respect of any one or
more of the matters specified in the next following
subsection.
( 2) The matters referred to in paragraph (d ) of subsection ( 1 )
of this section are-
( a) the introduction of other persons who become partici-
pants ;
( b) the promotion, transfer or other change of status of
participants within the trading scheme ;
( c ) the supply of goods to other participants ;
( d ) the supply of training facilities or other services for
other participants ;
(e ) transactions effected by other participants under which
goods are to be supplied to, or services are to be
supplied for, other persons.
( 3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a trading scheme
shall be taken to include the element referred to in paragraph (b)
of subsection (1) of this section whether the transactions referred
to in that paragraph are to be effected by participants in the
capacity of servants or agents of the promoter or of one of the
promoters or in any other capacity.
( 4 ) In determining, for the purposes of paragraph (c) of
subsection ( 1) of this section, whether any premises are premises
at which a participant in a trading scheme carries on business,
no account shall be taken of transactions effected or to be
effected by him under that trading scheme.
( 5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act such a prospect
as is mentioned in paragraph (d ) of subsection ( 1) of this section
shall be taken to be held out to a participant-
(a ) whether it is held out so as to confer on him a legally
enforceable right or not, and
( b) in so far as it relates to the introduction of new partici-
pants, whether it is limited to the introduction of new
participants by him or extends to the introduction of
new participants by other persons .
( 6 ) In this Part of this Act " trading scheme " includes any
arrangements made in connection with the carrying on of a
business, whether those arrangements are made or recorded
wholly or partly in writing or not.
( 7 ) In this section any reference to the provision of goods or
services by a person shall be construed as including a reference
to the provision of goods or services under arrangements to
which that person is a party.
PARTXI
с . 41
1198 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTXI
Regula-
tions
relating to
such trading
schemes.
119.-( 1 ) Regulations made by the Secretary of State by
statutory instrument may make provision with respect to the
issue, circulation or distribution of documents, whether being
advertisements, prospectuses, circulars or notices, which
( a) contain any invitation to persons to become participants
in a trading scheme to which this Part of this Act
applies, or
( b ) contain any information calculated to lead directly or
indirectly to persons becoming participants in such a
trading scheme,
and may prohibit any such document from being issued, circu-
lated or distributed unless it complies with such requirements as
to the matters to be included or not included in it as may be
prescribed by the regulations .
( 2) Regulations made by the Secretary of State by statutory
instrument may prohibit the promoter or any of the promoters of,
or any participant in, a trading scheme to which this Part of this
Act applies from-
( a ) supplying any goods to a participant in the trading
scheme, or
( b) supplying any training facilities or other services for
such a participant, or
( c ) providing any goods or services under a transaction
effected by such a participant, or
( d ) being aparty to any arrangements under which goods or
services are supplied or provided as mentioned in any
of the preceding paragraphs, or
(e) accepting from any such participant any payment, or any
undertaking to make a payment, in respect of any goods
or services supplied or provided as mentioned in any
of paragraphs (a ) to (d ) of this subsection or in respect
of any goods or services to be so supplied or provided,
unless (in any such case) such requirements are as prescribed by
the regulations are complied with.
(3 ) Any requirements prescribed by regulations under sub-
section (2) of this section shall be such as the Secretary of State
considers necessary or expedient for the purpose of preventing
participants in trading schemes to which this Part of this Act
applies from being unfairly treated ; and, without prejudice to
the generality of this subsection, any such requirements may
include provisions-
(a) requiring the rights and obligations of every participant
under such a trading scheme to be set out in full in an
agreement in writing made between the participant and
the promoter or (if more than one) each of the
promoters ;
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1199
(b) specifying rights required to be conferred on every such
participant, and obligations required to be assumed by
the promoter or promoters, under any such trading
scheme ; or
( c ) imposing restrictions on the liabilities to be incurred by
such a participant in respect of any of the matters
mentioned in paragraphs ( a) to (e) of subsection ( 2) of
this section.
( 4 ) Regulations made under subsection ( 2) of this section-
( a) may include provision for enabling a person who has
made a payment as a participant in a trading scheme to
which this Part of this Act applies, in circumstances
where any of the requirements prescribed by the regu-
lations were not complied with, to recover the whole
or part of that payment from any person to whom
or for whose benefit it was paid, and
( b) subject to any provision made in accordance with the
preceding paragraph, may prescribe the degree to which
anything done in contravention of the regulations is to
be treated as valid or invalid for the purposes of any
civil proceedings .
( 5) The power to make regulations under this section may be
exercised so as to make different provision—
(a) in relation to different descriptions of trading schemes to
which this Part of this Act applies, or
(b) in relation to trading schemes which are or were in
operation on a date specified in the regulations and
trading schemes which are or were not in operation on
that date,
or in relation to different descriptions of participants in such
trading schemes.
PARTXI
120.-( 1 ) Subject to the next following section, any person Offences
who issues, circulates or distributes , or causes another person to under Part XI.
issue, circulate or distribute , a document in contravention of any
regulations made under subsection ( 1 ) of section 119 of this Act
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) Any person who contravenes any regulations made under
subsection (2) of that section shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) If any person who is a participant in a trading scheme to
which this Part of this Act applies, or has applied or been invited
to become a participant in such a trading scheme, -
( a) makes any payment to or for the benefit of the promoter
or (if there is more than one) any of the promoters,
or to or for the benefit of a participant in the trading
scheme, and
c.41
1200 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTXI
( b) is induced to make that payment by reason that the
prospect is held out to him of receiving payments or
other benefits in respect of the introduction of other
persons who become participants in the trading scheme,
any person to whom or for whose benefit that payment is made
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4) If the promoter or any of the promoters of a trading
scheme to which this Part of this Act applies, or any other person
acting in accordance with such a trading scheme, by holding
out to any person such a prospect as is mentioned in subsection
( 3)(b) of this section, attempts to induce him-
( a) if he is already a participant in the trading scheme, to
make any payment to or for the benefit of the promoter
or any of the promoters or to or for the benefit of a
participant in the trading scheme, or
( b) if he is not already a participant in the trading scheme,
to become such a participant and to make any such
payment as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph,
the person attempting to induce him to make that payment shall
be guilty of an offence.
(5) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (3) or
subsection (4) of this section, whether an inducement or attempt
to induce is made by holding out such a prospect as is therein
mentioned, it shall be sufficient if such a prospect constitutes or
would constitute a substantial part of the inducement.
(6) Where the person by whom an offence is committed under
subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section is not the sole
promoter of the trading scheme in question, any other person
who is the promoter or (as the case may be) one of the promoters
of the trading scheme shall, subject to the next following section,
also be guilty of that offence.
(7) Nothing in subsections (3) to (6) of this section shall be
construed as limiting the circumstances in which the commission
of any act may constitute an offence under subsection ( 1) or
subsection (2) of this section.
( 8) In this section any reference to the making of a payment
to or for the benefit of a person shall be construed as including
the making of a payment partly to or for the benefit of that
person and partly to or for the benefit of one or more other
persons .
Defences in
121.-( 1 ) Where a person is charged with an offence under
certain
subsection ( 1 ) of section 120 of this Act in respect of an
proceedings
Under Part XI. advertisement, it shall be a defence for him to prove that he
is a person whose business it is to publish or arrange for the
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1201
publication of advertisements, and that he received the advertise-
ment for publication in the ordinary course of business and
did not know, and had no reason to suspect, that its publication
would amount to an offence under that subsection.
( 2) Where a person is charged with an offence by virtue of
subsection (6) of section 120 of this Act, it shall be a defence
for him to prove-
(a) that the trading scheme to which the charge relates was
in operation before the commencement of this Act, and
(b) that the act constituting the offence was committed
without his consent or connivance.
PARTXI
122. A person guilty of an offence under this Part of this Act Penalties for
shall be liable-
offences under
Part XI.
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months
or to both ;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.
123. ( 1 ) The provisions of sections 29 to 32 of this Act Enforcement
shall have effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if in provisions.
those provisions-
(a) references to a weights and measures authority or a duly
authorised officer of such an authority were omitted,
and
( b) any reference to an offence under section 23 of this Act
were a reference to an offence under this Part of this
Act .
(2) For the purposes of the application to Northern Ireland
of those provisions as applied by the preceding subsection—
(a) any reference to the Secretary of State shall be construed
as a reference to the Ministry of Commerce for
Northern Ireland, and
(b) paragraphs (c) and (d ) of section 33 (2) of this Act shall
have effect as they have effect for the purposes of the
application of Part II of this Act to Northern Ireland.
PART XII
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
124.-( 1 ) With respect to any matter in respect of which the Publication
Director has any duties under section 2( 1 ) of this Act, he may of information
arrange for the publication, in such form and in such manner and advice.
c .41
1202 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII Annual and other reports ofDirector. as he may consider appropriate, of such information and advice
as it may appear to him to be expedient to give to consumers
in the United Kingdom.
( 2) In arranging for the publication of any such information
or advice, the Director shall have regard to the need for ex-
cluding, so far as that is practicable, -
(a) any matter which relates to the private affairs of an
individual, where the publication of that matter would
or might, in the opinion of the Director, seriously and
prejudicially affect the interests of that individual, and
( b) any matter which relates specifically to the affairs of
a particular body of persons, whether corporate or
unincorporate, where publication of that matter would
or might, in the opinion of the Director, seriously and
prejudicially affect the interests of that body.
(3) Without prejudice to the exercise of his powers under
subsection ( 1 ) of this section, it shall be the duty of the Director
to encourage relevant associations to prepare, and to dis-
seminate to their members, codes of practice for guidance in
safeguarding and promoting the interests of consumers in the
United Kingdom.
( 4 ) In this section " relevant association " means any associa-
tion ( whether incorporated or not ) whose membership consists
wholly or mainly of persons engaged in the production or supply
of goods or in the supply of services or of persons employed by
or representing persons so engaged and whose objects or activi-
ties include the promotion of the interests of persons so engaged.
125.-( 1 ) The Director shall, as soon as practicable after the
end of the year 1974 and of each subsequent calendar year, make
to the Secretary of State a report on his activities, and the
activities of the Advisory Committee and of the Commission,
during that year.
(2) Every such report shall include a general survey of develop-
ments, during the year to which it relates, in respect of matters
falling within the scope of the Director's duties under any enact-
ment (including any enactment contained in this Act, other than
this section ) .
(3) The Secretary of State shall lay a copy of every report
made by the Director under subsection ( 1) of this section before
each House of Parliament, and shall arrange for every such
report to be published in such manner as he may consider
appropriate.
( 4) The Director may also prepare such other reports as
appear to him to be expedient with respect to such matters as are
mentioned in subsection ( 2) of this section, and may arrange
Fair Trading Act 1973 1203
c. 41
for any such report to be published in such manner as he may
PARTXII
consider appropriate.
( 5 ) In making any report under this Act the Director shall
have regard to the need for excluding, so far as that is practic-
able, any such matter as is specified in paragraph (a) or para-
graph (b) of section 124(2) of this Act.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section any period between the
commencement of this Act and the end of the year 1973 shall
be treated as included in the year 1974.
126. The following subsections shall be substituted for sub- Special
sections (3) and (4 ) of section 40 of the Patents Act 1949 (which provisions
confer certain powers on the comptroller where a report of relating to
the Commission relates to patented articles or processes) : -
patents.
" ( 3) Where, on a reference under section 50 or section
1949 с. 87.51 of the Fair Trading Act 1973 , a report of the Monopolies
and Mergers Commission, as laid before Parliament,
contains conclusions to the effect-
( a ) that a monopoly situation ( within the meaning of
that Act) exists in relation to a description of
goods which consists of or includes patented
articles, or consists of or includes articles to which
a patented process has been applied, or that such
a situation exists in relation to a description of
services in which a patented process is used, and
(b ) that facts found by the Commission in pursuance
of their investigations under section 49 of that
Act operate, or may be expected to operate,
against the public interest,
the appropriate Minister or Ministers, subject to subsection
( 3B ) of this section, may apply to the comptroller for an
order under subsection ( 4) of this section in respect of the
patent .
(3A ) Where, on a reference under section 64 or section
75 of the Fair Trading Act 1973 , a report of the Monopolies
and Mergers Commission, as laid before Parliament,
contains conclusions to the effect-
( a) that a merger situation qualifying for investigation
has been created ;
(b ) that one of the elements which constitute the
creation of that situation is that the condition
specified in subsection (2) or in subsection (3) of
section 64 of that Act prevails (or does so to a
greater extent) in respect of a description of goods
which consists of or includes patented articles, or
consists of or includes articles to which a patented
с . 41
1204 Fair Trading Act 1973
PARTXII process has been applied, or in respect of a descrip-
tion of services in which a patented process is
used; and
( c ) that the creation of that situation, or particular
elements in or consequences of it specified in the
report, operate, or may be expected to operate,
against the public interest,
the Secretary of State, subject to the next following sub-
section, may apply to the comptroller for an order under
subsection (5) of this section in respect of the patent.
( 3B) Before making an application under subsection
( 3) or subsection ( 3A ) of this section, the appropriate Minis-
ter or Ministers shall publish, in such manner as he or
they think appropriate, a notice describing the nature of
the proposed application, and shall consider any representa-
tions which, within the period of thirty days from the date
of publication of the notice, may be made to him or them
by persons whose interests appear to the appropriate
Minister or Ministers to be likely to be affected by the
proposed application.
( 4) If, on an application under subsection (3) of this
section, it appears to the comptroller that the facts specified
in the report of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission as
being those which, in the opinion of the Commission, operate
or may be expected to operate against the public interest
include-
( a) any conditions in a licence or licences granted by
the patentee under the patent restricting the use
of the invention by the licensee or the right of
the patentee to grant other licences under the
patent, or
(b) a refusal by the patentee to grant licences under
the patent on reasonable terms,
the comptroller may by order cancel or modify any such
condition or may, if he thinks fit, instead of making such
an order or in addition to making such an order, order the
patent to be endorsed with the words ' licences of right '.
( 5) If on an application under subsection ( 3A ) of this
section it appears to the comptroller that the particular
matters indicated in the report of the Monopolies and Mer-
gers Commission as being those which, in the opinion of the
Commission, operate or may be expected to operate against
the public interest (whether those matters are so indicated
in pursuance of a requirement imposed under section 69( 4)
or section 75( 3) of the Fair Trading Act 1973 or otherwise)
include any such condition or refusal as is mentioned in
paragraph (a) or paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 4 ) of this
section, the comptroller may by order cancel or modify any
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1205
such condition or may, if he thinks fit, instead of making
such an order or in addition to making such an order, order
the patent to be endorsed with the words ' licences of right ' .
(6) In this section ' the appropriate Minister or Ministers ' ,
in relation to a report of the Monopolies and Mergers
Commission, means the Minister or Ministers to whom the
report is made. "
PARTXI
127. The following section shall be inserted in the Agricultural Additional
Marketing Act 1958 after section 19 : - power to
make orders
“ 19A.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have under
effect where a report made by the Monopolies and Mergers Agricultural
Commission under section 54 of the Fair Trading Act 1973, Marketing
as laid before Parliament, contains conclusions to the Act 1958.
effect-
1958 с. 47.
( a ) that certain matters indicated in the report operate ,
or may be expected to operate, against the public
interest, and
( b ) that those matters consist of or include any pro-
vision of a scheme or any act or omission of a
board administering a scheme.
( 2 ) In the circumstances mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
of this section, the Minister shall have the like power to
make orders under section 19 of this Act as if those
conclusions of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission-
( a ) had been to the effect that the provision of the
scheme in question, or the act or omission of the
board to which those conclusions relate, were
contrary to the interests of consumers of the
regulated product, and
( b ) had been contained in a report of a committee of
investigation. "
128. Where an application is made to the Restrictive Practices Order
Court under subsection (2) of section 30 of the Act of 1956 superseded by
( which in certain circumstances enables an application to be declaration of
Restrictive
made to that Court to declare whether proposed restrictions are Practices
contrary to the public interest) and-
Court.( a ) on that application the Court makes a declaration under
that subsection in relation to a restriction proposed to
be accepted under an agreement, and
(b) by virtue of an order under section 56 of this Act which
is for the time being in force, the making or carrying
out of an agreement under which that restriction was
accepted would be unlawful,
the order under section 56 of this Act shall cease to have effect
in so far as it renders unlawful the making or carrying out of
an agreement under which that restriction is accepted.
c . 41
1206 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII
Time-limit
for
prosecutions. 1952 с. 55. 129.-( 1) No prosecution for an offence under this Act shall
be commenced after the expiration of three years from the com-
mission of the offence or one year from its discovery by the
prosecutor, whichever is the earlier.
(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magis-
trates' Courts Act 1952, a magistrates' court may try an informa-
tion for an offence under this Act if the information was laid
within twelve months from the commission of the offence.
1954 с. 48. (3) Notwithstanding anything in section 23 of the Summary
Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954, summary proceedings in Scot-
land for an offence under this Act may be commenced within
twelve months from the commission of the offence, and sub-
section (2) of the said section 23 shall apply for the purposes
of this subsection as it applies for the purposes of that section.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, for
the references in subsection ( 2) to section 104 of the Magis-
trates' Courts Act 1952 and to the trial and laying of an informa-
tion there shall be substituted respectively references to section
1964c. 21. ( Ν.Ι.). 34 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland) 1964 and
to the hearing and determination and making of a complaint.
Notice to
Director of
intended
prosecution.
1968 с. 29.
130.-( 1 ) Where a local weights and measures authority in
England or Wales proposes to institute proceedings for an offence
under section 23 of this Act, or for an offence under the Trade
Descriptions Act 1968, other than an offence under section 28(5)
or section 29 of that Act, it shall, as between the authority and
the Director, be the duty of the authority to give to the Director
notice of the intended proceedings, together with a summary of
the facts on which the charges are to be founded, and to post-
pone institution of the proceedings until either-
( a ) twenty- eight days have elapsed since the giving of that
notice, or
( b ) the Director has notified the authority that he has
received the notice and the summary of the facts.
( 2 ) In relation to offences under the Trade Descriptions Act
1968, the preceding subsection shall have effect subject to the
transitional provisions having effect by virtue of section 139 of
thisAct.
Notification 131.-( 1 ) Where in any criminal proceedings a person is
of convictions convicted of an offence by or before a court in the United
and judgments Kingdom, or a judgment is given against a person in civil
to Director. proceedings in any such court, and it appears to the court-
( a) having regard to the functions of the Director under
Part III of this Act, that it would be expedient for the
conviction or judgment to be brought to his attention,
and
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1207
( b) that it may not be brought to his attention unless
arrangements for the purpose are made by the court,
the court may make arrangements for that purpose notwithstand-
ing that the proceedings have been finally disposed of by the
court.
( 2) In this section " judgment " includes any order or decree,
and any reference to the giving of a judgment shall be construed
accordingly.
PART XII
132.-( 1 ) Where an offence under section 23, section 46, Offences by
section 85(6) or Part XI of this Act, which has been committed bodies
by a body corporate, is proved to have been committed with the corporate.
consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on
the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar
officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting
to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate
shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded
against and punished accordingly.
( 2) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection ( 1) of this section shall apply in relation to
the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his
functions of management as if he were a director of the body
corporate.
133.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (2) to (4) of this section, no General
information with respect to any particular business which has restrictions on
been obtained under or by virtue of the provisions ( other than disclosure of
Part II) of this Act or under or by virtue of the Act of 1956
information.
or the Act of 1968 shall, so long as that business continues
to be carried on, be disclosed without the consent of the person
for the time being carrying on that business.
( 2) The preceding subsection does not apply to any disclosure
of information which is made-
( a) for the purpose of facilitating the performance of any
functions of the Director, the Commission, the Secre-
tary of State or any other Minister under this Act, the
Act of 1956 or the Act of 1968, or
( b) in pursuance of a Community obligation within the
meaning of the European Communities Act 1972 .
1972 с. 68.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) of this section does not apply to any dis-
closure of information which is made for the purposes of any
proceedings before the Restrictive Practices Court or of any
other legal proceedings, whether civil or criminal, under this
Act, the Act of 1956 or the Act of 1968.
с.41
1208 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII
Provisions as
to orders.
Financial
provisions.
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1) of this section shall be con-
strued-
( a ) as limiting the matters which may be included in, or
made public as part of, a report of the Advisory Com-
mittee or of the Commission ;
( b) as limiting the particulars which may be entered or
filed in, or made public as part of , the register under
Part I of the Act of 1956 ; or
(c) as applying to any information which has been made
public as part of such a report or as part of that register.
(5) Any person who discloses any information in contravention
of this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable
( a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
( 6 ) In this section references to this Act shall be construed
as including references to any enactment repealed by this Act.
134.-( 1 ) Any statutory instrument whereby any order is
made under any of the preceding provisions of this Act, other
than a provision which requires a draft of the order to be laid
before Parliament before making the order, or whereby any
regulations are made under this Act, shall be subject to annul-
ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 2) Any power conferred by any provision of this Act to make
an order by statutory instrument shall include power to revoke
or vary the order by a subsequent order made under that
provision.
135.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall pay all remuneration,
allowances or other sums payable under this Act to or in respect
of persons who are or have been members of the Advisory Com-
mittee or the Commission, and shall defray-
(a) all expenses duly incurred by the Commission in the
payment of remuneration or allowances payable under
this Act to staff of the Commission, and
( b) to such amount as the Secretary of State with the appro-
val of the Minister for the Civil Service may determine,
all other expenses duly incurred by the Advisory Com-
mittee or the Commission.
( 2) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Par-
liament-
(a) all expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in con-
sequence of the provisions of this Act ;
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1209
(b) any expenses incurred in consequences of those provi- PARTXII
sions by any other Minister of the Crown or govern-
ment department, not being a Minister or department
of the Government of Northern Ireland ;
( c ) the remuneration of, and any travelling or other allow-
ances payable under this Act to, the Director and any
staff of the Director, any other sums payable under
this Act to or in respect of the Director, and any
expenses duly incurred by the Director or by any
of his staff in consequence of the provisions of this
Act;
( d ) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable
out of moneys so provided under the Superannuation 1972 с. 11.
Act 1972.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall for each financial year pay
into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland such sum as the Secre-
tary of State and the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland
may agree to be appropriate, as representing the expenses in-
curred by that Ministry in enforcing the provisions of any order
made under section 22 of this Act, in so far as any such order
provides for matters with respect to which the Parliament of
Northern Ireland does not have power to make laws .
136. The Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have the same Powers of
power to pass Acts with respect to any matter as they would have Parliament ofNorthern
had if this Act had not been passed; and, in the event of Ireland .
any inconsistency between any Act of the Parliament of Northern
Ireland passed after the passing of this Act and any provision
of this Act or any order or other instrument having effect by
virtue of this Act, the Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland
shall, in Northern Ireland, prevail.
137.- (1 ) In this Act- General
" the Act of 1948 " means the Monopolies and Restrictive interpretation
Practices ( Inquiry and Control) Act 1948 ; provisions.
1948 с. 66.
"
the Act of 1956 " means the Restrictive Trade Practices 1956 c. 68 .
Act 1956 ;
" the Act of 1964 " means the Resale Prices Act 1964 ;
1964 с. 58.
" the Act of 1965 " means the Monopolies and Mergers 1965 c. 50.
Act 1965 ;
66
ود
the Act of 1968 means the Restrictive Trade Practices 1968 c. 66.
Act 1968 ;
66
assignment " , in relation to Scotland, means assignation ;
"
contract of employment " means a contract of service or
of apprenticeship, whether it is express or implied, and
( if it is express) whether it is oral or in writing ;
c.41
1210 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII " scale " (where the reference is to the scale on which any
services are, or are to be, made available, supplied or
obtained ) means scale measured in terms of money or
money's worth or in any other manner.
( 2) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, in this
Act, except in Part X, the following expressions have the
meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say-
" the Advisory Committee " means the Consumer Protection
Advisory Committee ;
" agreement " means any agreement or arrangement, in
whatever way and in whatever form it is made, and
whether it is, or is intended to be, legally enforceable
or not ;
" business " includes a professional practice and includes
any other undertaking which is carried on for gain or
reward or which is an undertaking in the course of
which goods or services are supplied otherwise than
free of charge ;
" commercial activities in the United Kingdom " means any
of the following, that is to say, the production and
supply of goods in the United Kingdom, the supply of
services in the United Kingdom and the export of
goods from the United Kingdom ;
" the Commission " means the Monopolies and Mergers
Commission ;
" complex monopoly situation " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 11 of this Act ;
ود
consumer ( subject to subsection (6 ) of this section )
means any person who is either-
( a) a person to whom goods are or are sought
to be supplied (whether by way of sale or other-
wise) in the course of a business carried on by the
person supplying or seeking to supply them, or
( b) a person for whom services are or are sought
to be supplied in the course of a business carried on
by the person supplying or seeking to supply them,
and who does not receive or seek to receive the goods or
services in the course of a business carried on by him ;
"
the Director " means the Director General of Fair
Trading ;
enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland ;
“
goods " includes buildings and other structures, and also
includes ships, aircraft and hovercraft , but does not
include electricity .
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1211
"group" ( where the reference is to a group of persons
fulfilling specified conditions, other than the condition
of being interconnected bodies corporate ) means any
two or more persons fulfilling those conditions, whether
apart from fulfilling them they would be regarded
as constituting a group or not ;
" merger reference " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 5(3) of this Act ;
" merger situation qualifying for investigation" has the
meaning assigned to it by section 64( 8) of this Act ;
" Minister " includes a government department but shall
not by virtue of this provision be taken to include the
establishment consisting of the Director and his staff,
and, except where the contrary is expressly provided,
does not include any Minister or department of the
Government of Northern Ireland ;
"monopoly reference " and " monopoly situation " have
the meanings assigned to them by section 5(3) of this
Act;
" newspaper merger reference " has the meaning assigned to
it by section 59(3) of this Act ;
ود
" practice means any practice, whether adopted in pur-
suance of an agreement or otherwise ;
" price " includes any charge or fee, by whatever name
called ;
" produce ", in relation to the production of minerals or
other substances, includes getting them, and, in rela-
tion to the production of animals or fish, includes taking
them;
" supply " , in relation to the supply of goods, includes supply
by way of sale, lease, hire or hire -purchase, and, in
relation to buildings or other structures, includes the
construction of them by a person for another person ;
" uncompetitive practices " means practices having the effect
of preventing, restricting or distorting competition in
connection with any commercial activities in the United
Kingdom ;
" worker " (subject to subsection (7 ) of this section ) has
the meaning assigned to it by section 167 of the
Industrial Relations Act 1971 .
( 3) In the provisions of this Act other than Part X (and with-
out prejudice to the construction of that Part in accordance with
section 117 of this Act) " the supply of services " does not
include the rendering of any services under a contract of employ-
ment but, with that exception,-
PARTXII
1971 с. 72.
c.41
1212 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII
( a) includes the undertaking and performance for gain or
reward of engagements ( whether professional or other)
for any matter other than the supply of goods, and
( b ) includes both the rendering of services to order and the
provision of services by making them available to
potential users ;
and any reference in those provisions to services supplied or to
be supplied, or to services provided or to be provided, shall be
construed accordingly.
( 4) For the purposes of this Act, except Part X, " services "
includes electricity.
(5) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act other than
Part X, any two bodies corporate are to be treated as inter-
connected if one of them is a body corporate of which the other
1948 с . 38.
is a subsidiary (within the meaning of section 154 of the Com-
panies Act 1948) or if both of them are subsidiaries (within the
meaning of that section ) of one and the same body corporate ;
and in those provisions " interconnected bodies corporate " shall
be construed accordingly, and " group of interconnected bodies
corporate " means a group consisting of two or more bodies
corporate all of whom are interconnected with each other.
( 6 ) For the purposes of the application of any provision of
this Act in relation to goods or services of a particular descrip-
tion or to which a particular practice applies, " consumers "
means persons who are consumers (as defined by subsection (2)
of this section) in relation to goods or services of that description
or in relation to goods or services to which that practice applies.
( 7 ) For the purposes of the application of this Act to Northern
Ireland, the definition of " worker " in subsection ( 2) of this
1971 с. 72.
section shall apply as if the Industrial Relations Act 1971
extended to Northern Ireland but, in section 167(2) (a) of that
Act, references to general medical services, pharmaceutical
services , general dental services or general ophthalmic services
provided under the enactments mentioned in that subsection were
references to the corresponding services provided in Northern
Ireland under the corresponding enactments there in force.
( 8) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under
any other enactment, including this Act.
Supple-
138.-(1) This section applies to the following provisions of
mentary
this Act, that is to say, section 2( 4), Parts II and III , section
interpretation 137( 6), and the definition of " consumer " contained in
provisions. section 137 ( 2) .
( 2 ) For the purposes of any provisions to which this section
applies it is immaterial whether any person supplying goods or
services has a place of business in the United Kingdom or not.
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1213
( 3) For the purposes of any provisions to which this section
applies any goods or services supplied wholly or partly outside
the United Kingdom, if they are supplied in accordance with
arrangements made in the United Kingdom, whether made
orally or by one or more documents delivered in the United
Kingdom or by correspondence posted from and to addresses
in the United Kingdom, shall be treated as goods supplied to,
or services supplied for, persons in the United Kingdom.
( 4 ) In relation to the supply of goods under a hire -purchase
agreement, a credit-sale agreement or a conditional sale agree-
ment, the person conducting any antecedent negotiations, as
well as the owner or seller, shall for the purposes of any
provisions to which this section applies be treated as a person
supplying or seeking to supply the goods.
( 5 ) Subsection ( 4 ) of this section shall be construed-
( a ) in relation to England and Wales, in accordance with
subsections ( 1 ) , (3), (4) and (5) of section 58 of the
Hire-Purchase Act 1965 ;
( b) in relation to Scotland, in accordance with subsections
(1), ( 3) , ( 4) and (5 ) of section 54 of the Hire-Purchase
( Scotland) Act 1965 ; and
(c ) in relation to Northern Ireland, in accordance with
subsections ( 1 ), (3), (4) and (5) of section 65 of the
Hire-Purchase Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
( 6) In any provisions to which this section applies-
( a ) any reference to a person to or for whom goods or
services are supplied shall be construed as including
a reference to any guarantor of such a person, and
(b) any reference to the terms or conditions on or subject
to which goods or services are supplied shall be con-
strued as including a reference to the terms or
conditions on or subject to which any person under-
takes to act as such a guarantor ;
and in this subsection " guarantor ", in relation to a person to
or for whom goods or services are supplied, includes a person
who undertakes to indemnify the supplier of the goods or
services against any loss which he may incur in respect of the
supply of the goods or services to or for that person.
( 7) For the purposes of any provisions to which this section
applies goods or services supplied by a person carrying on a
business shall be taken to be supplied in the course of that
business if payment for the supply of the goods or services is
made or (whether under a contract or by virtue of an enactment
or otherwise) is required to be made.
PART XII
1965 с. 66.
1965 с. 67.
1966 с. 42
( Ν.Ι.) .
с .41
1214 Fair Trading Act 1973
PART XII
139.-( 1 ) Subject to the transitional provisions and savings
Amendments, contained in Schedule 11 to this Act-
repeals and transitional
( a ) the enactments specified in Schedule 12 to this Act
provisions.
shall have effect subject to the amendments specified
in that Schedule ( being minor amendments or amend-
ments consequential upon the preceding provisions of
this Act ), and
( b) the enactments specified in Schedule 13 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third
column of that Schedule.
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect
for the purposes of this Act.
Short title,
citation ,
commence-
mentand
extent .
1956 с. 68.
1968 с. 66.
140.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Fair Trading Act
1973.
( 2) The Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956, the Restrictive
Trade Practices Act 1968, Parts IX and X of this Act, Schedules
4 and 10 to this Act and so much of Schedules 12 and 13 to
this Act as relates to those Acts may be cited together as the
Restrictive Trade Practices Acts 1956 to 1973 .
( 3) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint ; and different dates may be so appointed for, or for
different purposes of, any one or more of the provisions of this
Act (including, in the case of section 139 of this Act, the amend-
ment or repeal of different enactments specified in Schedule 12
or Schedule 13 to this Act or of different provisions of any
enactment so specified ) .
( 4) Where any provision of this Act, other than a provision
contained in Schedule 11, refers to the commencement of this
Act, it shall be construed as referring to the day appointed
under this section for the coming into operation of that provision.
(5) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
c.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1215
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 1.
DIRECTOR GENERAL OF FAIR TRADING
1. There shall be paid to the Director such remuneration, and
such travelling and other allowances, as the Secretary of State with
the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service may determine.
2. In the case of any such holder of the office of the Director as
may be determined by the Secretary of State with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service, there shall be paid such pension,
allowance or gratuity to or in respect of him on his retirement or
death, or such contributions or payments towards provision for such
a pension, allowance or gratuity, as maybe so determined.
3. If, when any person ceases to hold office as the Director, it
appears to the Secretary of State with the approval of the Minister
for the Civil Service that there are special circumstances which make
it right that he should receive compensation, there may be paid to
him a sum by way of compensation of such amount as may be so
determined .
4. In the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957, in Part 1957 c. 20.
III of Schedule 1 (other disqualifying offices ) there shall (at the
appropriate place in alphabetical order ) be inserted the following
entry:-
" Director General of Fair Trading " ;
and the like amendment shall be made in the Part substituted for
the said Part III by Schedule 3 to that Act in its application to the
Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland.
5. The Director shall have an official seal for the authentication of
documents required for the purposes of his functions.
6. The Documentary Evidence Act 1868 shall have effect as if the 1868 с. 37.
Director were included in the first column of the Schedule to that
Act, as if the Director and any person authorised to act on behalf
of the Director were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule,
and as if the regulations referred to in that Act included any docu-
ment issued by the Director or by any such person.
7. Anything authorised or required by or under this Act or any
other enactment to be done by the Director, other than the making
of a statutory instrument, may be done by any member of the staff
of the Director who is authorised generally or specially in that
behalf in writing by the Director.
SCHEDULE 2
CONSUMER PROTECTION ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Status of Committee
1. Members of the Advisory Committee in their capacity as such
shall not be regarded as servants or agents of the Crown or as
enjoying any status, immunity or privilege of the Crown.
Section3.
c.41
1216 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 2 Tenure of office of members
2.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, a
member of the Advisory Committee shall hold and vacate office as
such in accordance with the terms of his appointment.
( 2 ) A person shall not be appointed to the Advisory Committee
for a term exceeding three years ; but previous membership shall
not affect eligibilty for re-appointment.
( 3) A member of the Advisory Committee may at any time resign
his membership by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary of
State.
( 4) The Secretary of State may remove a member of the Advisory
Committee on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
Tenure of office of chairman and deputy chairman
3.- (1 ) The chairman or deputy chairman of the Advisory Com-
mittee may at any time resign his office as such by notice in writing
addressed to the Secretary of State.
(2) The Secretary of State may remove a chairman or deputy
chairman of the Advisory Committee on the ground of incapacity or
misbehaviour.
Remuneration and allowances
4. There shall be paid to the members of the Advisory Committee
such remuneration, and such travelling and other allowances, as in
the case of any of those members the Secretary of State may deter-
mine with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
General provisions as to sums payable on retirement or
death of members
5. As regards any member of the Advisory Committee in whose
case the Secretary of State may so determine with the approval of
the Minister for the Civil Service, the Secretary of State shall pay
such pension, allowance or gratuity to or in respect of him, or make
such payments towards the provision of such a pension, allowance or
gratuity, as may be so determined.
6. If, when any person ceases to be a member of the Advisory
Committee, it appears to the Secretary of State that there are special
circumstances which make it right that he should receive compensa-
tion, the Secretary of State may pay him a sum by way of compensa-
tion of such amount as he may determine with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service .
Procedure of Committee
7. In the case of an equality of votes on any question at a meeting
of the Advisory Committee the chairman shall have a second or
casting vote..
8. At any time when the chairman is absent or otherwise incapable
of acting, or there is a vacancy in the office of chairman, the deputy
chairman may perform any of the functions of the chairman .
9. At any time when the chairman and deputy chairman of the
Advisory Committee are absent or otherwise incapable of acting or
there is a vacancy in the office of chairman and of deputy chairman,
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1217
such member of the Advisory Committee as the Secretary of State
may direct, or in default of any such direction such member of the
Advisory Committee as the Advisory Committee may agree, may
perform any of the functions of the chairman.
SCHEDULE 3
THE MONOPOLIES AND MERGERS COMMISSION
PART I
STATUS, TERMS OF OFFICE, AND STAFF
Status of Commission
1. Members of the Commission in their capacity as such shall not
be regarded as servants or agents of the Crown or as enjoying any
status, immunity or privilege of the Crown.
Tenure of office of regular members
2.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, a
regular member of the Commission shall hold and vacate office as
such in accordance with the terms of his appointment.
( 2 ) A person shall not be appointed to be a regular member of the
Commission for a term exceeding five years ; but previous member-
ship shall not affect eligibility for re-appointment.
( 3 ) A regular member of the Commission may at any time resign
his membership by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary of
State .
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may remove a regular member of the
Commission on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
Appointment and tenure of office of chairman and
deputy chairmen
3.- (1) There shall be a chairman of the Commission appointed
from among the regular members by the Secretary of State ; and
the Secretary of State may appoint not more than three other regular
members to be deputy chairmen.
( 2) The chairman or a deputy chairman may at any time resign
his office as such by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary
ofState.
( 3) The Secretary of State may remove a chairman or deputy
chairman of the Commission on the ground of incapacity or mis-
behaviour.
( 4 ) If the chairman or a deputy chairman of the Commission
ceases to be a regular member of the Commission, he shall also
cease to be chairman or, as the case may be, a deputy chairman.
Staff
4. The Commission shall have a secretary, who shall be a person
appointed by the Commission with the approval of the Secretary
ofState.
5. The Commission may appoint such other staff as the Com-
mission think fit , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State
and of the Minister for the Civil Service as to numbers and as to
terms and conditions of service.
Part II Q
SCH. 2
Section 4.
с . 41
1218 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 3 Remuneration and allowances
6. There shall be paid to the members of the Commission such
remuneration, and such travelling and other allowances, as in the
case of any of those members the Secretary of State may determine
with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
7. There shall be paid to the staff of the Commission such
remuneration, and such travelling and other allowances, as the
Commission may determine with the approval of the Secretary of
State and of the Minister for the Civil Service.
General provisions as to sums payable on retirement or death
of members
8. As regards any member of the Commission in whose case
the Secretary of State may so determine with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service, the Secretary of State shall pay such
pension, allowance or gratuity to or in respect of him, or make
such payments towards the provision of such a pension, allowance
or gratuity, as may be so determined.
9. If, when any person ceases to be a member of the Commission,
it appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances
which make it right that he should receive compensation, the Secre-
tary of State may pay him a sum by way of compensation of such
amount as he may determine with the approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service.
PART II
PERFORMANCE OF FUNCTIONS OF COMMISSION
10.- (1) If the chairman of the Commission so directs-
( a ) the functions of the Commission in relation to any investiga-
tion under this Act, in so far as those functions have not
been performed before the direction is given, or
( b) the functions of the Commission in relation to the making of
a report required of them under Part VI of this Act,
shall be performed through a group of not less than five regular
members of the Commission selected by the chairman of the
Commission.
( 2 ) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule
" "
group means a group of members of the Commission selected
under this paragraph, and " the chairman " (except where the
reference is expressly to the chairman of a group) means the
chairman of the Commission.
11. Where, after a direction under paragraph 10 of this Schedule
has been given with respect to the investigations on a monopoly
reference or on a merger reference, the reference is varied under
section 52 of this Act or, in the case of a merger reference, under
section 71 of this Act, the functions of the Commission in relation
to those investigations shall be performed either through the group
specified in that direction, or through another group, or by the
Commission as a whole, as the chairman may direct.
12. The chairman may appoint one of the members of a group
to act as chairman of the group.
с. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1219
13.- (1 ) Where during the proceedings of a group-
SCH. 3
( a ) a member of the group ceases to be a member of the
Commission, or
(b) the chairman is satisfied that a member of the group will be
unable for a substantial period to perform his duties as a
member of the group,
the chairman may appoint any member of the Commission to be a
member of the group in his place.
( 2) The chairman may also at any time appoint any member of
the Commission to be an additional member of a group, whether
the person so appointed was or was not a member of the Commission
at the time when the group was originally selected.
14.- (1) At the invitation of the chairman of a group, any member
of the Commission who is not a member of the group may attend
meetings or otherwise take part in the proceedings of the group,
except that such a member shall not be entitled-
( a ) to vote at any such meeting or in any such proceedings, or
( b ) to have a statement of his dissent from a conclusion of the
group included in a report made by them.
( 2 ) Nothing in the preceding sub-paragraph shall be taken to
prevent a group or a member of a group from consulting any member
of the Commission with respect to any matter or question with which
the group is concerned.
15. In determining their procedure, and in exercising any powers
conferred on the Commission by this Act, a group shall comply
with any special or general directions which may be given to them
by the Commission, as well as with any directions given to the
Commission by the Secretary of State.
16.- (1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, anything
done by or in relation to a group in, or in connection with, the
performance of functions required by a direction under paragraph
10 or paragraph 11 of this Schedule to be performed by the group
shall have the same effect as if it had been done by or in relation
to the Commission.
( 2 ) For the purposes of sections 56 and 75 of this Act, of section
40 of the Patents Act 1949 (which confers on the comptroller certain 1949 с. 87 .
powers which are exercisable with reference to a report of the
Commission ) and of section 19A of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1958 c. 47.
1958, a conclusion contained in a report of the Commission shall
be disregarded if the report is made through a group and the
conclusion is not that of at least two-thirds of the members of the
group .
17. The quorum necessary-
( a ) for any meeting of the Commission held for the final
settling of a report of the Commission shall be not less than
two-thirds of the regular members of the Commission,
and
( b ) for any other meeting of the Commission shall be such
as the Commission may from time to time determine.
Part II Q2
c .41
1220 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 3
18. The quorum necessary for a meeting of a group shall be
such as the group may from time to time determine.
19. In the case of an equality of votes on any question at a
meeting of the Commission or of a group the chairman, or the
chairman of the group, as the case may be, shall have a second or
casting vote.
20. At any time when the chairman is absent or otherwise
incapable of acting, or there is a vacancy in the office of chairman, -
( a ) such one of the deputy chairmen of the Commission as the
Secretary of State may direct, or in default of any such
direction such one of them as they may agree, or
( b) if there is only one deputy chairman of the Commission
the deputy chairman,
may perform any of the functions of the chairman.
21. At any time when every person who is chairman or deputy
chairman of the Commission is absent or otherwise incapable of
acting, or there is no such person, such member of the Commission
as the Secretary of State may direct, or in default of any such
direction such member of the Commission as the Commission may
agree, may perform any of the functions of the chairman.
22. For the purposes of a newspaper merger reference the Secretary
of State may appoint three, four, or five additional members of the
Commission, from a panel maintained by the Secretary of State
for the purpose of making such appointments ; and if any functions
of the Commission in relation to that reference are performed through
a group, any additional members appointed under this paragraph
for the purposes of the reference shall be members of the group in
addition to the members selected by the chairman.
Sections 14
and 109.
SCHEDULE 4
SERVICES EXCLUDED FROM SECTIONS 14 AND 109
1. Legal services (that is to say, the services of barristers, advocates
or solicitors in their capacity as such).
2. Medical services (that is to say, the provision of medical or
surgical advice or attendance and the performance of surgical
operations ).
3. Dental services (that is to say, any services falling within the
1957 с. 28 .
practice of dentistry within the meaning of the Dentists Act 1957) .
4. Ophthalmic services (that is to say, the testing of sight) .
5. Veterinary services (that is to say, any services which constitute
1966 с. 36.
veterinary surgery within the meaning of the Veterinary Surgeons
Act 1966) .
6. Nursing services ( that is to say, any services which constitute
1957 с. 15 .
nursing within the meaning of the Nurses Act 1957, the Nurses
1951 с. 55.
( Scotland) Act 1951 or the Nurses and Midwives Act ( Northern
1970 c. 11 (N.I. ) . Ireland) 1970).
7. The services of midwives, physiotherapists or chiropodists in
their capacity as such.
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1221
8. The services of architects in their capacity as such.
SCH. 4
9. Accounting and auditing services (that is to say, the making or
preparation of accounts or accounting records and the examination,
verification and auditing of financial statements).
10. The services of patent agents ( within the meaning of the
Patents Act 1949), in their capacity as such.
1949 с. 87.
11. The services of parliamentary agents entered in the register
in either House of Parliament as agents entitled to practise both in
promoting and in opposing Bills, in their capacity as such parlia-
mentary agents.
12. The services of surveyors ( that is to say, of surveyors of land,
of quantity surveyors, of surveyors of buildings or other structures
and of surveyors of ships) in their capacity as such surveyors .
13. The services of professional engineers or technologists (that
is to say, of persons practising or employed as consultants in the
field of-
( a ) civil engineering ;
(b) mechanical, aeronautical, marine, electrical or electronic
engineering ;
( c ) mining, quarrying, soil analysis or other forms of minerology
or geology ;
( d ) agronomy, forestry, livestock rearing or ecology ;
(e ) metallurgy, chemistry, biochemistry or physics ; or
( f ) any other form of engineering or technology analogous to
those mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraphs),
in their capacity as such engineers or technologists .
14. Services consisting of the provision-
( a ) of primary, secondary or further education within the mean-
ing of the Education Act 1944, the Education (Scotland) 1944 c. 31.
Acts 1939 to 1971 or the Education and Libraries ( Northern
Ireland ) Order 1972, or
( b ) of university or other higher education not falling within
the preceding sub- paragraph .
15. The services of ministers of religion in their capacity as such
ministers.
SCHEDULE 5
Sections 16, 50
and 51 .
GOODS AND SERVICES REFERRED TO IN SECTION 16
PART I
GENERAL RESTRICTION
1. Gas supplied through pipes, otherwise than for industrial pur-
poses as mentioned in section 9( 4) of the Continental Shelf Act 1964. 1964 с. 29.
2. Natural gas ( that is to say, gas derived from natural strata) in so
far as it does not fall within the preceding paragraph.
3. Electricity.
4. The carriage of passengers by road or rail .
Part II Q3
с .41
1222 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 5
1969 с. 48.
5. The carriage of goods by rail.
6. The services of conveying, receiving, collecting, despatching and
delivering letters .
7. The running of any system for the conveyance, through the
agency of electric, magnetic, electro-magnetic, electro-chemical or
electro- mechanical energy, of any of the matters specified in para-
graphs (a) to (d ) of section 24(1) of the Post Office Act 1969.
PART II
LIMITED RESTRICTION
Description of goods or services
8.- (1) Apparatus or equip-
ment used, or constructed or
adapted for use, for the purposes
of or in association with any
such system as is mentioned in
paragraph 7 of this Schedule.
( 2) The installation or main-
tenance of any such apparatus or
equipment.
Form of supply
Supply to persons who are
subscribers to a service provided
by the Post Office which con-
stitutes or forms part of any such
system, in their capacity as sub-
scribers to such a service.
Section19.
SCHEDULE 6
MATTERS FALLING WITHIN SCOPE OF PROPOSALS UNDER
SECTION 17
1. Prohibition of the specified consumer trade practice either
generally or in relation to specified consumer transactions.
2. Prohibition of specified consumer transactions unless carried
out at specified times or at a place of a specified description.
3. Prohibition of the inclusion in specified consumer transactions
of terms or conditions purporting to exclude or limit the liability of
a party to such a transaction in respect of specified matters .
4. A requirement that contracts relating to specified consumer
transactions shall include specified terms or conditions.
5. A requirement that contracts or other documents relating to
specified consumer transactions shall comply with specified pro-
visions as to lettering (whether as to size, type, colouring or
otherwise ) .
6. A requirement that specified information shall be given to
parties to specified consumer transactions.
с.41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1223
SCHEDULE 7
Sections 50, and 51 .
GOODS AND SERVICES ( IN ADDITION TO THOSE IN SCHEDULE 5 )
WHOLLY OR PARTLY EXCLUDED FROM SECTION 50
PART I
GOODS AND SERVICES WHOLLY EXCLUDED
1. Raw cane or beet sugar.
2. Sugar beet.
3. Hops.
4. Water.
5. Port facilities (as defined by section 92(1) of the Transport 1962 с. 46.
Act 1962).
6. Air navigation services (as defined by section 64(1) of the
Civil Aviation Act 1971).
1971 с. 75.
7. The carriage of passengers or goods by air.
8. The provision by programme contractors of programmes for
transmission (whether by way of television or of sound broadcasting )
by the Independent Broadcasting Authority.
PART II
GOODS AND SERVICES PARTLY EXCLUDED
Description of goods or services
Form of supply excluded
9. Liquid cows' milk.
Supply otherwise than in con-
tainers in which milk is put up
for purposes of retail sale.
10. Refined sugar .
Supply otherwise than by way of
retail sale.
11. Fleece wool .
Supply under a scheme for the
time being in force under the
Agricultural Marketing Act
1958.
1958 с. 47.
12. Potatoes to which no pro-
cess of manufacture ( other than
dressing or dyeing ) has been
applied .
Supply which is neither-
(a ) supply by way of retail
sale, other than any such
supply by the producer of
the goods, nor
(b) supply to a person pur-
chasing the goods for the
purpose of selling them by
retail.
13. Services supplied at aero-
dromes (as defined by section
64(1) of the Civil Aviation Act
1971) in connection with the
landing, housing, parking or
taking off of aircraft or the
accommodation of passengers
or cargo and their transfer to and
from aircraft.
Supply at aerodromes which are
either-
( a ) aerodromes owned or
managed by the Civil 1971 с. 75.
Aviation Authority, or
(b) aerodromes in respect of
which a licence for pub-
lic use ( as defined by
any Order in Council for
the time being in force
under section 8 of the
Civil Aviation Act 1949 ) 1949 с. 67.
is for the time being in
force .
Part II
Q4
c. 41
1224 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 7 PART III
GOODS PARTLY EXCLUDED IN RELATION TO NORTHERN IRELAND ONLY
Description of goods
Form of supply excluded
14. Live pigs .
Supply for slaughter.
15. Fresh uncured carcases or Supply otherwise than by way of
parts of carcases of pigs.
retail sale.
Sections 56, 73,
74, 77, 89 and 91 .
1971 с. 72.
SCHEDULE 8
POWERS EXERCISABLE BY ORDERS UNDER SECTIONS 56 AND 73
PART I
POWERS EXERCISABLE IN ALL CASES
1. Subject to paragraph 3 of this Schedule, an order under section
56 or section 73 of this Act ( in this Schedule referred to as an
" order ") may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent and
in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the order,
to make or to carry out any such agreement as may be specified
or described in the order.
2. Subject to the next following paragraph, an order may require
any party to any such agreement as may be specified or described
in the order to terminate the agreement within such time as may
be so specified, either wholly or to such extent as may be so
specified .
3.- (1) An order shall not by virtue of paragraph 1 of this
Schedule declare it to be unlawful to make any agreement in so
far as, if made, it would be an agreement to which Part I of the
Act of 1956 would apply.
( 2) An order shall not by virtue of paragraph 1 or paragraph 2
of this Schedule declare it to be unlawful to carry out, or require
any person to terminate, an agreement in so far as it is an agreement
to which Part I of the Act of 1956 applies .
(3) An order shall not by virtue of either of those paragraphs
declare it to be unlawful to make or to carry out, or require any
person to terminate, an agreement in so far as, if made, it would
relate, or (as the case may be ) in so far as it relates, to the terms
and conditions of employment of any workers, or to the physical
conditions in which any workers are required to work.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " terms and conditions of employment " has
the meaning assigned to it by section 167(1 ) of the Industrial
Relations Act 1971 .
4. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order, to withhold or to agree to withhold or to threaten to with-
hold, or to procure others to withhold or to agree to withhold or
threaten to withhold, from any such persons as may be specified
с . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1225
or described in the order, any supplies or services so specified or
described or any orders for such supplies or services ( whether the
withholding is absolute or is to be effectual only in particular
circumstances).
5. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order, to require, as a condition of the supplying of goods or services
to any person, -
( a ) the buying of any goods, or
( b ) the making of any payment in respect of services other
than the goods or services supplied, or
( c ) the doing of any other such matter as may be specified or
described in the order.
6. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order, -
(a ) to discriminate in any manner specified or described in the
order between any persons in the prices charged for goods
or services so specified or described, or
( b) to do anything so specified or described which appears to
the appropriate Minister to amount to such discrimination,
or to procure others to do any of the things mentioned in sub-
paragraph (a) or sub- paragraph (b) of this paragraph.
7. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order , -
(a ) to give or agree to give in other ways any such preference
in respect of the supply of goods or services, or the giving
of orders for goods or services, as may be specified or
described in the order, or
(b) to do anything so specified or described which appears to
the appropriate Minister to amount to giving such
preference,
or to procure others to do any of the things mentioned in sub-
paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph ( b) of this paragraph.
8. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order, to charge for goods or services supplied prices differing from
those in any published list or notification, or to do anything specified
or described in the order which appears to the appropriate Minister
to amount to charging such prices.
9. An order may require a person supplying goods or services to
publish a list of or otherwise notify prices, with or without such
further information as may be specified or described in the order.
10.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, an
order may, to such extent and in such circumstances as may be pro-
vided by or under the order, regulate the prices to be charged for
any goods or services specified or described in the order.
SCH . 8
c . 41
1226 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH . 8 ( 2) An order shall not exercise the power conferred by the pre-
ceding sub- paragraph in respect of goods or services of any descrip-
tion unless the matters specified in the relevant report as being those
which in the opinion of the Commission operate, or may be expected
to operate, against the public interest relate, or include matters
relating, to the prices charged for goods or services of that
description.
( 3 ) In this paragraph " the relevant report ", in relation to an
order, means the report of the Commission in consequence of which
the order is made, in the form in which that report is laid before
Parliament.
11. An order may declare it to be unlawful, except to such extent
and in such circumstances as may be provided by or under the
order, for any person, by publication or otherwise, to notify, to
persons supplying goods or services, prices recommended or suggested
as appropriate to be charged by those persons for those goods or
services.
12.- (1 ) An order may prohibit or restrict the acquisition by any
person of the whole or part of the undertaking or assets of another
person's business, or the doing of anything which will or may have
a result to which this paragraph applies, or may require that, if such
an acquisition is made or anything is done which has such a result,
the persons concerned or any of them shall thereafter observe any
prohibitions or restrictions imposed by or under the order.
( 2) This paragraph applies to any result which consists in two or
more bodies corporate becoming interconnected bodies corporate.
( 3) Where an order is made in consequence of a report of the
Commission under section 72 of this Act, or is made under section 74
of this Act, this paragraph also applies to any result ( other than
that specified in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of this paragraph) which, in
accordance with section 65 of this Act, consists in two or more
enterprises ceasing to be distinct enterprises.
13. In this Part of this Schedule " the appropriate Minister ", in
relation to an order, means the Minister by whom the order is made.
PART II
POWERS EXERCISABLE EXCEPT IN CASES FALLING WITHIN
SECTION 56( 6 )
14. An order may provide for the division of any business by the
sale of any part of the undertaking or assets or otherwise (for which
purpose all the activities carried on by way of business by any one
person or by any two or more interconnected bodies corporate may
be treated as a single business), or for the division of any group of
interconnected bodies corporate, and for all such matters as may
be necessary to effect or take account of the division, including-
( a ) the transfer or vesting of property, rights, liabilities or
obligations ;
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1227
( b ) the adjustment of contracts, whether by discharge or reduc-
tion of any liability or obligation or otherwise ;
( c ) the creation, allotment, surrender or cancellation of any
shares, stock or securities ;
( d ) the formation or winding up of a company or other asso-
ciation, corporate or unincorporate, or the amendment of
the memorandum and articles or other instruments regulat-
ing any company or association ;
( e) the extent to which, and the circumstances in which, pro-
visions of the order affecting a company or association
in its share capital, constitution or other matters may be
altered by the company or association, and the registration
under any enactment of the order by companies or asso-
ciations so affected ;
( f ) the continuation, with any necessary change of parties, of
any legal proceedings.
15. In relation to an order under section 73 of this Act, the
reference in paragraph 14 of this Schedule to the division of a
business as mentioned in that paragraph shall be construed as
including a reference to the separation, by the sale of any part of
any undertaking or assets concerned or other means, of enterprises
which are under common control otherwise than by reason of their
being enterprises of interconnected bodies corporate.
SCH. 8
SCHEDULE 9
PROCEDURE PRELIMINARY TO LAYING DRAFT OF ORDER TO WHICH
SECTION 91( 1 ) APPLIES
1. The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect where the
Secretary of State proposes to lay before Parliament a draft of any
such order as is mentioned in section 91(1) of this Act.
2. The Secretary of State shall cause notice of his intention to
lay a draft of the order before Parliament to be published in the
London Gazette, the Edinburgh Gazette and the Belfast Gazette and
in two or more daily newspapers (other than local newspapers), and
shall not lay a draft of the order until the end of the period of
forty- two days beginning with the day on which the publication of
the notice in accordance with this paragraph is completed.
3. A notice under this Schedule shall-
( a ) state that it is proposed to lay a draft of the order before
Parliament ;
( b ) indicate the nature of the provisions to be embodied in the
order ;
( c ) name a place where a copy of the draft will be available to
be seen at all reasonable times ; and
( d ) state that any person whose interests are likely to be affected
by the order, and who is desirous of making representations
in respect of it, should do so in writing ( stating his interest
Section 91 .
с .41
1228 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 9
Sections 116,
117.
and the grounds on which he wishes to make the representa-
tions) before the date on which the period mentioned in
paragraph 2 of this Schedule is due to expire (specifying
that date ).
4. The Secretary of State shall consider any representation that
is duly made with respect to the draft order and is not withdrawn,
and, at any time after the date specified in the notice in accordance
with sub-paragraph (d ) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, may lay the
draft order either-
( a) in the form in which it was made available as stated in the
notice in compliance with sub-paragraph ( c) of that para-
graph, or
( b) in that form subject to such modifications as appear to the
Secretary of State to be necessary to ensure that the rights
and interests of persons likely to be affected by the pro-
visions of the order are so adjusted as to secure an equitable
distribution of any burden imposed by, or any benefit
accruing from, any provisions of the order.
SCHEDULE 10
MODIFICATIONS OF ACTS OF 1956 AND 1968
IN RELATION TO SERVICES
PART I
MODIFICATIONS OF ACT OF 1956
Section
of Act
Section 10...
Modification
In subsection (1)( b), for the words " any such
restrictions as are described in subsection ( 1 ) of
section six of this Act " there shall be substituted
the words " restrictions , or provision for or in
relation to the furnishing of information, in
respect of matters specified in the relevant order
for the purposes of section 107(1)(b) or section
108(1 )(b) of the Act of 1973 " .
In subsection (7 ), for the words " this Part of this
Act applies by virtue of subsection ( 6) of section
six of this Act as if it were an agreement made
between members of a trade association " there
shall be substituted the words " subsection (1 )
of this section applies by virtue of section 112 of
the Act of 1973 as if it were an agreement made
between members of an association " , and for the
words " subsection ( 7 ) of the said section six "
there shall be substituted the words " subsection
( 3) or subsection ( 4) of that section " .
In subsection ( 8), paragraph (a ) shall be omitted ,
and for the words " section 8( 8) of this Act ", in
each place where they occur, there shall be substi-
tuted the words " section 115( 6 ) of the Act of
1973 ".
Section
of Act
Section 11...
Section 14...
Section 15...
Section 19
...
Section 20...
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1229
SCH. 10
Modification
In subsection ( 3) ( b), the words " of manufacture "
shall be omitted .
In subsection (1), for paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) there
shall be substituted the following :
66 ( a ) a person carrying on within the United
Kingdom any business of supplying services
brought under control by the relevant order,
or
( b ) an association which, in relation to the
relevant order, is such an association as is
mentioned in section 112( 1) of the Act of
1973 ",
and for the words "
any such matters as are
described in paragraphs (a ) to (e ) of the said
"
subsection (1 ) there shall be substituted the
words " matters specified in the relevant order for
the purposes of section 107(1)(b) or section
108(1)(b) of the Act of 1973 " .
In subsection ( 3), the word " trade " shall be omitted.
In subsection ( 4 ), paragraph ( a) shall be omitted,
and for the words " section 8( 8) of this Act " there
shall be substituted the words " section 115(6 ) of
the Act of 1973 ".
In subsection (3A), for the words " a trade associa-
tion which is not incorporated " there shall be
substituted the words " an unincorporated associa-
tion falling within section 112(1) of the Act of
1973 " .
In subsection (1) (b ) , for the word " prices " there
shall be substituted the word " charges " .
In subsection (1), for the words " matters described
in paragraphs ( b) to ( d ) of subsection ( 8) of section
eight of this Act " there shall be substituted the
words " the supply of services outside the United
Kingdom or the supply of services to persons
or in relation to property (as defined by section
115( 9) of the Act of 1973) outside the United
Kingdom " .
In subsection ( 3), for the words " any trade associa-
tion " there shall be substituted the words " an
such association as is mentioned in section 112( 1)
of the Act of 1973 ", for the words " such a trade
association " and for the words " a trade associa-
tion " there shall be substituted the words " such
an association ", and for the words " the trade
association " there shall be substituted the words
" the association ".
с .41
1230 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 10 Section
of Act Modification
Section 20 Cont. In subsection ( 4), for the words " subsection ( 7) of
section six of this Act in an agreement for the
constitution of a trade association " there shall be
substituted the words " subsection (3) or sub-
section ( 4) of section 112 of the Act of 1973 in an
agreement for the constitution of an association " .
PART II
MODIFICATIONS OF ACT OF 1968
Section 1...
In subsection ( 2), for the words " purchasers, con-
"
sumers or users of any relevant goods there
66
shall be substituted the words users of any
relevant services " .
Section 2...
In subsection (1), for the words " prices to be
charged " there shall be substituted the words
66 charges to be made " and for the word " prices " ,
in the second place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the word " charges ".
Section 3... In subsection (1), for the words " a trade associa-
"
tion " there shall be substituted the words an
association " , and for the words " subsection ( 7 )
of section 6 of the Act of 1956 " and the words
in parenthesis immediately after those words there
shall be substituted the words " subsection (3) or
subsection ( 4) ( as the case may be) of section 112
of the Act of 1973 " .
66
In subsections ( 2) and ( 6 ), for the words atrade
association " , in each place where they occur,
there shall be substituted the words 66
an associa-
tion".
Section 6...
Section 7 ...
In subsection (1) , after paragraph (i) there shall be
inserted the following paragraph : -
" ( j) in the case of an agreement which becomes
subject to registration by virtue of an order
under section 107 or section 108 of the Act of
1973 coming into force after the making of the
agreement, within three months from the day
on which the agreement becomes so subject. "
In subsection ( 3), for the words " any trade associa-
66
tion " there shall be substituted the words any
such association as is mentioned in section 112(1)
of the Act of 1973 ", and for the words " a trade
association " there shall be substituted the words
66 an association".
с .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1231
Section
of Act Modification
Section 7 Cont. In subsection ( 3A ), for the words " a trade associa-
tion " there shall be substituted the words " such
an association as is mentioned in section 112( 1 ) of
the Act of 1973 ", and for the words " the trade
association " there shall be substituted the words
" the association ".
In subsection ( 4), for the words " a trade associa-
tion " there shall be substituted the words " an
association " and for the words " subsection ( 7)
of section 6 of the Act of 1956 " there shall be
substituted the words " subsection (3) or sub-
section ( 4 ) of section 112 of the Act of 1973 " .
SCHEDULE 11
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
General provisions
1 .- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, in so
far as anything done under an enactment repealed by this Act could
have been done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall
not be invalidated by the repeal but shall have effect as if done
under that provision.
( 2 ) In relation to the Commission (by whichever of the names men-
tioned in section 4(1) of this Act it was for the time being called )
sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies, in particular, to
any appointment of a member of the Commission (including any
appointment, or extension of the term of service, of a chairman or
deputy chairman of the Commission ) or of any of the staff of
the Commission, any reference made to the Commission, any pro-
ceedings or report of the Commission on such a reference, and any
order made in consequence of any such report.
( 3) A provision of this Act shall, for the purposes of this Schedule,
be regarded as corresponding to an enactment repealed by this Act
if ( notwithstanding that it differs, whether to a small extent or sub-
stantially, from that enactment ) it fulfils in this Act a purpose similar
to that which that enactment fulfilled in the repealed enactments ; and
any reference in this Schedule to provisions of the repealed enactments
corresponding to any provisions of this Act shall be construed
accordingly.
"
( 4 ) In this Schedule " the repealed enactments means the enact-
ments repealed by this Act, and " the commencement of this Act ",
where that expression occurs in any provision of this Schedule, -
( a ) if the same day is appointed under section 140 of this Act
for the repeal of all those enactments, means the day so
appointed, or
(b) if different days are appointed under that section for the
repeal of different enactments, means such day as may
be specified for the purposes of this sub-paragraph in an
SCH. 10
Sections 139, 140.
c . 41
1232 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 11 order made by the Secretary of State by statutory
instrument ;
and different days may be so specified in relation to different
provisions of this Schedule.
2. For the purposes of the operation of paragraph 1 of this
Schedule, anything done by or in relation to the Board of Trade
shall be treated as having been done by or in relation to the Secretary
of State, whether apart from this paragraph it would fall to be so
treated or not.
3. Without prejudice to any express amendment made by this
Act, where an Act ( whether passed before, or in the same Session as,
this Act ) or any document refers, either expressly or by implication ,
to an enactment repealed by this Act, the reference shall, except
where the context otherwise requires, be construed as, or as includ-
ing , a reference to any corresponding provision of this Act.
4. Where any period of time specified in an enactment repealed by
this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, and there is a
corresponding provision in this Act, this Act shall have effect as if
that corresponding provision had been in force when that period
beganto run .
5. Without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any refer-
ence in this Act (whether express or implied) to a thing done or
required or authorised to be done, or omitted to be done, or to an
event which has occurred, under or for the purposes of or by refer-
ence to or in contravention of any provisions of this Act shall, except
where the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a
reference to the corresponding thing done or required or authorised
to be done, or omitted, or to the corresponding event which occurred ,
as the case may be, under or for the purposes of or by reference
to or in contravention of any corresponding provisions of the repealed
enactments .
6. Nothing in this Act shall affect the repealed enactments in their
operation in relation to offences committed before the commencement
ofthis Act.
Reference made to Commission before commencement of Act
7.- (1) Any reference made to the Commission under the repealed
enactments, and any report of the Commission made before the
commencement of this Act on any such reference, shall have effect
in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Schedule if made in accord-
ance with such of the repealed enactments as were applicable to it,
and shall so have effect notwithstanding that the reference or report
was not made in accordance with the corresponding provisions of
this Act.
( 2 ) In the case of any such reference on which the Commission
have not made their report before the commencement of this Act-
( a) any proceedings of the Commission on that reference after
the commencement of this Act shall be conducted in accord-
ance with the repealed enactments as if they had not been
repealed, and
c. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1233
( b) any report of the Commission on that reference shall be made
in accordance with those enactment and not in accord-
ance with any corresponding provisions of this Act ;
but nothing in this sub- paragraph shall be construed as excluding
the operation of any provisions of this Act relating to any functions
of the Director in relation to the Commission, to the transmission
to the Director of copies of reports of the Commission, or to any
other action authorised or required to be taken in relation to or
in consequence of a report made by the Commission.
( 3) In particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the
preceding sub-paragraphs, any reference, proceedings or report
to which either of those sub-paragraphs applies shall have effect ,
or shall be conducted or made, as mentioned in that sub-paragraph
notwithstanding that the reference or report related or relates to the
question whether conditions to which the Act of 1948 applied pre-
vailed or prevail, and not to the existence or possible existence of a
monopoly situation within the meaning of this Act.
( 4 ) For the purposes of the operation of sub-paragraph ( 2) of
this paragraph in relation to a report made by the Commission after
the commencement of this Act, section 29(1) of the Act of 1956
( whereby conditions to which the Act of 1948 applied were not to
be considered to prevail by reason of any agreement to which Part I
of the Act of 1956 applied ) shall be construed as if section 6(1) of
the Act of 1956 had been originally enacted as amended by section
95 of this Act.
Report of Commission made before 5th August 1965
8. An order made under section 56 of this Act in consequence
of a report made by the Commission before the commencement of
the Act of 1965 shall not exercise any of the powers specified in
Part II of Schedule 8 to this Act ; and accordingly the powers con-
ferred by section 89 of this Act shall not be exercisable in conse-
quence of any such report.
Undertaking given in consequence of report on reference made under
repealed enactments
9.- (1) This paragraph applies to any undertaking given to a
Minister which is certified by the Secretary of State to have been
given in relation to matters dealt with in a report made by the
Commission on a reference under section 2 of the Act of 1948 or on
a reference under section 6 of the Act of 1965 and which either-
(a ) was given before the commencement of this Act, or
( b ) is given after the commencement of this Act in a case
where no request under subsection (1) of section 88 of this
Act has been made to the Director to carry out consul-
tations in accordance with that subsection.
(2) A copy of any certificate given by the Secretary of State under
the preceding sub-paragraph shall be furnished to the Director ; and
the Minister to whom any such undertaking was or is given shall
furnish particulars of it to the Director.
SCH. 11
c .41
1234 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH . 11 ( 3) Subsection ( 4 ) of section 88 of this Act shall have effect in
relation to any undertaking to which this paragraph applies as if-
( a ) it were an undertaking of which particulars have been fur-
nished to the Director under subsection ( 2 ) of that section,
and
( b) any reference in subsection ( 4 ) of that section to the report
of the Director were a reference to a report made by the
Commission as mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 1) of this
paragraph.
( 4 ) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall have effect
without prejudice-
( a ) to the duty of the Commission under section 86 of this
Act to transmit to the Director copies of reports which
were made by the Commission before the commencement of
this Act and which, by virtue of paragraphs 1 and 7 of this
Schedule, have effect as if made under this Act, or
( b ) to any duty of the Director, where requested by the appro-
priate Minister or Ministers to do so with respect to any
such report, to carry out such consultations as are men-
tioned in section 88(1) of this Act.
Functions of Director in relation to orders made under
Acts of 1948 and 1965
10. Subsection (5 ) of section 88 of this Act shall have effect in
relation to any order which was made under section 10 of the Act
of 1948 or under section 3 or section 6 of the Act of 1965 and which,
by virtue of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, has effect as if made
under this Act, as that subsection has effect in relation to orders
made under this Act in the circumstances specified in that subsection.
Provisions consequential upon transfer of functions from
Registrar to Director
11 .- ( 1 ) Except as provided by paragraph 15 of this Schedule, in
relation to any time after the commencement of this Act, anything
which has before the commencement of this Act been done by or in
relation to the Registrar shall have effect as if it had been done by
or in relation to the Director.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies, in particular, to
any regulations made by the Registrar, any register kept or docu-
ment issued by the Registrar, any particulars furnished to the Regis-
trar , and any application to or proceedings before the Restrictive
Practices Court, or any other court, tribunal or authority, made or
instituted by or against the Registrar or to which the Registrar
was otherwise a party ; and any such proceedings, if pending at the
commencement of this Act, may accordingly be continued by or
against the Director, or with the Director being otherwise treated
as a party to them, as the circumstances may require, and for the
purpose of so continuing them anything done by or in relation to
the Registrar in connection with any such proceedings shall be treated
as having been done by or in relation to the Director.
( 3 ) In this Schedule " the Registrar " means the Registrar of
Restrictive Trading Agreements.
c .41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1235
Particulars of export agreements
12. Any particulars furnished to the Board of Trade or to the
Secretary of State under section 31( 1) of the Act of 1956 shall be
treated as if they had been furnished to the Director under section
10 of that Act as amended by sections 94( 2) and 102(1) of this Act.
Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968, s. 11
13. An agreement which-
( a ) was made before the commencement of this Act by a
society at a time when it was approved for the purposes
of section 11 of the Act of 1968 ( wholesale co-operative
societies), and
(b) by virtue of that approval was not subject to registration
under Part I of the Act of 1956,
shall , notwithstanding the repeal of that section, not be subject to
such registration.
SCH. 11
Pension benefits
14. The repeal by this Act of the following enactments, that is to
say, Part II of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1965 and section 3( 4)(d ) of
the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1967, shall not 1967 с. 28.
affect the operation of those enactments in relation to any person
who was appointed to be chairman or deputy chairman of the
Commission before the commencement of this Act ; and, in relation
to any such person, a recommendation made under paragraph 5 of
that Schedule shall have effect whether made before or after the
commencement of this Act.
15.- (1 ) The repeal by this Act of subsections ( 7) and (8) of
section 1 of the Act of 1956 shall not affect the operation of those
subsections in relation to any person who was appointed to be
the Registrar before the commencement of this Act ; and, in relation
to any such person, a determination made under subsection (7) of that
section shall have effect whether made before or after the commence-
ment of this Act.
( 2 ) Paragraph 11 of this Schedule shall not have effect for the
purposes of the operation of subsection (7) or subsection ( 8) of
section 1 of the Act of 1956 in accordance with the preceding sub-
paragraph.
Trade Descriptions Act 1968, s. 30
16. The repeal by this Act of subsections (2 ) to (4 ) of section 30
of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 shall not affect the operation of 1968 с. 29.
those subsections in their application to any case where a notice
under subsection ( 2 ) of that section, or a certificate under subsection
( 4) of that section or a document purporting to be such a certificate,
has been given or issued before the commencement of this Act ; and
the duty imposed by section 130 (1) of this Act shall not apply where
such a notice has been so given .
c.41
1236 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 12
Section 139 .
Act
The Patents Act 1949
( 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.
c. 87 ) .
The Restrictive Trade
Practices Act 1956
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. с. 68) .
SCHEDULE 12
ENACTMENTS AMENDED
Amendment
In section 43, in subsection (6 ), for the words
" Monopolies and Restrictive Practices
Commission " there shall be substituted the
words " Monopolies and Mergers Com-
mission ", and for the words " section nine
of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices
( Inquiry and Control ) Act 1948 " there
shall be substituted the words " Part VII
of the Fair Trading Act 1973 " .
In section 6, in subsection (1), for the words
" the two next following sections " there
shall be substituted the words " sections 7
and 8 of this Act " .
In section 22, after subsection ( 4 ) there shall
be inserted the following subsection : -
" (5 ) The foregoing provisions of this
section shall not apply in relation to any
order made under section 21A of this
Act. ".
In section 23, in subsection ( 2 ), after the
words " this Part of the Act " there shall
be inserted the words 66
or under Part III
of the Fair Trading Act 1973 " .
In section 30, in subsection ( 2), for the words
"
" the said section ten there shall be
substituted the words " section 56 of the
Fair Trading Act 1973, or having effect as
if made under that section " .
In section 36, in subsection (1), before the
definition of " enactment " there shall be
inserted the following: -
"" the Director ' means the Director
General of Fair Trading appointed
under the Fair Trading Act 1973.".
In the Schedule, at the beginning of paragraph
7 there shall be inserted the words " Except
as provided by section 42 of the Fair
Trading Act 1973 " ; at the end of para-
graph 8 there shall be inserted the words
" but this paragraph shall not apply to
appeals under section 42 of the Fair
Trading Act 1973 " ; and in paragraph 10,
66
after the word Act" there shall be
inserted the words “or under Part III of
the Fair Trading Act 1973 ".
с. 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1237
Act
The Agricultural Marketing Act 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. с. 47 ).
Amendment
In section 47, in the proviso to subsection (2),
after paragraph (a ) there shall be inserted
the following paragraph : -
" (aa ) made to the Monopolies and
Mergers Commission, or to any
member of that Commission or to
any of the staff of that Commission,
or to the Director General of Fair
Trading or any of the staff appointed
by that Director General, if it is
made for the purpose of enabling
the Commission or the Director
General to perform any functions of
theirs or his under the Fair Trading
Act 1973.".
The Public Records
Act 1958 (6 & 7
Eliz. 2. c. 51) .
In Schedule 1, in Part II of the Table set out
at the end of paragraph 3, for the words
"
Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agree-
ments " there shall be substituted the words
" the Director General of Fair Trading " .
The Agricultural Marketing Act
In section 23, in subsection ( 2), after para-
graph (aa) there shall be inserted the
( Northern Ireland)
1964 ( c. 13 ).
following paragraph :-
66( aaa ) made to the Monopolies and
Mergers Commission, or to any
member of that Commission or to
any of the staff of that Commission,
or to the Director General of Fair
Trading or any of the staff appointed
by that Director General, if it is
made for the purpose of enabling
the Commission or the Director
General to perform any functions of
theirs or his under the Fair Trading
Act 1973." .
The Resale Prices Act In section 11(1), after the definition of
1964 (1964 с. 58) . " dealer " there shall be inserted the
following: -
"" the Director ' means the Director
General of Fair Trading." .
The Iron and Steel Act In section 33, in subsection ( 4 ), for the words
1967 (c. 17 ). “
Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agree-
ments " there shall be substituted the words
" Director General of Fair Trading " and,
in subsection (5 ), for the word " Registrar
"
there shall be substituted the word
Director ".66
SCH. 12
с . 41
1238 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 12
1965 с. 50.
Act
The Restrictive Trade
Practices Act 1968
( 1968 с. 66 ) .
The Pensions ( In-
crease ) Act 1971
( 1971 с. 56 ) .
The European Com-
munities Act 1972
( 1972 с. 68).
Amendment
In section 6, in subsection (1), after paragraph
( g) there shall be inserted the following
paragraphs :-
" ( h) in the case of an agreement made
before the commencement of the
Fair Trading Act 1973 which be-
comes subject to registration in
consequence of section 95 or section
101 of that Act, within three months
from the coming into operation of
Part IX of that Act;
(i ) in the case of an agreement which
becomes subject to registration by
virtue of the expiration or with-
drawal of an approval given under
section 6A of the Act of 1956,
within three months from the day
on which the agreement become so
subject." .
In section 12, in subsection ( 3), for the words
" Section 11 of the Monopolies and Restric-
tive Practices ( Inquiry and Control) Act
1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" Section 93 of the Fair Trading Act
1973 ", and for the words " under section 10
of that Act " there shall be substituted the
66
words to which section 90 of that Act
applies " and, in subsection ( 4), for the
words " Board of Trade pursuant to section
31 " there shall be substituted the words
" Director pursuant to section 10(8) " .
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 6, for the words
from " the Chairman " to the end of the
paragraph there shall be substituted the
words " widows and children of any chair-
man or deputy chairman of the Commission
which, by virtue of section 4(1) of the Fair
Trading Act 1973, is known as the Mono-
polies and Mergers Commission, or payable
out of moneys provided by Parliament in
accordance with any recommendation made
under paragraph 5 of Schedule 1 to the
Monopolies and Mergers Act 1965 (chair-
man or deputy chairman of the Com-
mission ) ".
In section 10, for the word " Registrar ", in
each place where it occurs, there shall be
substituted the word " Director " ; and
after subsection ( 2 ) there shall be inserted
the following subsection :-
"( 2A ) In this section ' the Director '
means the Director General of Fair
Trading."
c . 41
Fair Trading Act 1973 1239
Act
The Local Govern-
ment Act
1972
( 1972 с. 70 ) .
Amendment
In section 201, in subsection (6 )(a), after the
words " Trade Descriptions Acts 1968 and
1972 " there shall be inserted the words
66 or the Fair Trading Act 1973 " .
SCH. 12
SCHEDULE 13
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
11 & 12Geo. 6. The Monopolies
and The whole Act.
c. 66.
Restrictive Practices (In-
quiry and Control) Act
1948.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Restrictive Trade
c. 68. Practices Act 1956.
In section 1, subsection (1), and
subsections (3) to (8).
In section 11 (7), the words
" assistant registrar or other ".
In section 23, subsection ( 4) .
In section 24, subsection (8) .
Section 29.
In section 30, in subsection (3),
the words from the beginning
of the subsection to the word
" and " , and subsections ( 4),
( 6 ) and ( 7 ) .
Section 31 .
Section 33 .
In section 35, paragraph (a) of
subsection (1 ).
In section 36(1 ) , the definition
of " the Registrar " .
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Commons
с. 20. Disqualification Act
1957.
In Part III of Schedule 1, and
in the Part substituted for the
said Part III by Schedule 3,
the words " Registrar of
Restrictive Trading Agree-
ments".
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Public Records Act In Schedule 2, the entries
c . 51. 1958.
relating to section 17 of the
Monopolies and Restrictive
Practices (Inquiry and Con-
trol ) Act 1948 and section 33
of the Restrictive Trade Prac-
tices Act 1956.
1964 с. 58.
The Resale Prices Act In section 8, subsection ( 4).
1964. In section 11(1), the definition
of " the Registrar ".
c . 41
1240 Fair Trading Act 1973
SCH. 13
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1965 с. 50. The Monopolies and The whole Act.
Mergers Act 1965.
1967 с. 28.
1968 с. 29.
1968 с. 66.
1972 с. 68 .
The Superannuation ( Mis- In section 3, paragraph ( d) of
cellaneous Provisions)
subsection ( 4).
Act 1967.
The Trade Descriptions In section 30, subsections ( 2)
Act 1968 . to ( 4).
The Restrictive Trade Section 11 .
Practices Act 1968.
The European Communi- In section 10, subsection (3).
ties Act 1972.
c . 42 1241
SINOH
PENSE
DROIT
DIEU
ET
National Insurance and
Supplementary Benefit Act
1973
1973 CHAPTER 42
An Act to amend the provisions of the National Insurance
Acts 1965 to 1972, the National Insurance (Industrial
Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1972 and the Industrial Injuries
and Diseases ( Old Cases) Acts 1967 to 1972; to make
further provision in relation to polygamous marriages
for the purposes of any of those Acts and of the
Family Allowances Act 1965 ; to amend Schedule 2
to the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966; to make
parallel provision for Northern Ireland; and for
purposes connected with those matters .
[25th July 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Benefits and contributions
1. ( 1 ) In the National Insurance Act 1965 ( hereafter in this Weekly
Act referred to as 66
the Insurance Act "), in Schedule 3 (which rates of
benefits under
sets out the weekly rates of benefits under that Act) there shall National
be substituted the provisions set out in Schedule 1 to this Act Insurance
for those set out in Schedule 1 to the National Insurance Act Acts 1965
1972. and 1966 .
1965 с. 51 .
(2) In sections 2(4) and 4( 1) of the National Insurance Act 1972 c. 57 .
1966, in the words inserted by the amendments made by section 1966 c. 6.
6 of the National Insurance Act 1971 (under which certain 1971 с. 50.
1242 c. 42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
earnings-related benefits may include an amount equal to 15
per cent. of the amount, up to £12, by which the relevant earn-
ings exceeded £30), for the word " £12 " there shall be sub-
stituted, for cases where the tax year there referred to is later
than the year 1973-74, the word " £24 " instead of the word
1972 с. 57 .
" £ 18 " substituted by section 1( 5 ) of the National Insurance
Act 1972.
Contributions
under
National
Insurance
Act 1965 .
1969 с. 44.
1971 с. 50.
2.-( 1 ) In the Insurance Act, in Schedule 1 ( which sets out the
weekly rates of contributions under that Act) there shall be
substituted the provisions set out in Schedule 2 to this Act for
those set out in Schedule 2 to the National Insurance Act 1972 ;
and there shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament
any increase resulting from this subsection in the sums so pay-
able by way of Exchequer supplement under section 7 of the
Insurance Act.
( 2) In section 4( 1) of the Insurance Act, in the paragraph (c)
inserted by the amendment made by section 1( 2) of the National
Insurance Act 1969-
( a) in sub- paragraphs (i) and (ii) (whereby the amount of
any graduated contribution includes 44 per cent. of
any amount, up to £9, by which the relevant payment
of remuneration exceeds £9 where the employment is
not a non-participating employment and per cent. of
that amount where the employment is a non-participat-
ing employment), for the words " 44 per cent. " and
66
per cent. " there shall be substituted respectively
the words " 5 per cent . " and " 0.75 per cent. " ; and
(b) in the words following those sub-paragraphs ( whereby,
as those words were originally enacted, the amount of
any graduated contribution included 34 per cent. of
any amount, up to £12, by which the relevant pay-
ment of the remuneration exceeded £18), for the words
66 34 per cent. " and " £12 " there shall be substituted
the words " 5 per cent. " and " £36 " instead of the
4.75 per cent. and £30 substituted by section 3 (2) of
the National Insurance Act 1972.
( 3) In section 10(1) (a) (iii) of the Insurance Act (which, as
amended by the National Insurance Act 1971, provides that
regulations may except persons from liability to pay contribu-
tions where they are not in receipt of an annual income exceed-
ing £468) , for the word " £ 468 " there shall be substituted the
word " £520 ", and the like substitution shall be made in any
regulations made under the said section 10(1 )(a) (iii) which are in
force at the passing of this Act.
(4) The contributions to be paid under the Insurance Act out
of money provided by Parliament shall include, in addition to
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit c.42 1243
Act 1973
the Exchequer supplements, in respect of the financial year 1974-
75 and each subsequent financial year, the sum of £275 million,
instead of the amount required by section 3( 3) of the National 1972 c. 57.
Insurance Act 1972 ; and the contributions under this subsection
shall be paid in such manner and at such times as the Treasury
may determine.
3.- ( 1) In the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act Industrial
1965 ( hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Industrial Injuries injuries and
diseases
Act ") in Schedule 3 (which sets out the weekly rate or amount ( benefits and
of benefit ) there shall be substituted the provisions set out incontributions ).
Schedule 3 to this Act for those set out in Schedule 3 to the 1965 c. 52.
National Insurance Act 1972 .
(2) The increase of a disablement pension under section 18 of
the Industrial Injuries Act (which relates to increases in respect
of adult dependants) for any period for which the beneficiary
is entitled to an unemployability supplement in respect of the
pension shall be at the rate specified in paragraph 8A of Schedule
3 to that Act ; and accordingly at the end of subsection (2) of
that section there shall be inserted the words " but with the
substitution, in the case of a beneficiary who is so entitled, of the
words ' paragraph 8A ' for the words ' paragraph 8 ' " .
( 3) In the Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967 c. 34.
1967 the word " £ 4.70 " (instead of the word " £ 4.10 " substituted
by section 4( 4) of the National Insurance Act 1972) shall be
substituted-
(a) for the rate specified in section 2(6)(c) (maximum weekly
rate of a lesser incapacity allowance supplementing
workmen's compensation) ; and
( b) for the rate specified in section 7(2) (b) (industrial diseases
benefit schemes: weekly rate of an allowance payable
where disablement is not total) .
( 4) In Part I of Schedule 2 to the Industrial Injuries Act, as
amended by the National Insurance Act 1971 and the National 1971 с. 50.
Insurance Act 1972, in column 3 ( which sets out the weekly
rates of employers' contributions under the Industrial Injuries
Act) the rate of 7p. applicable where the insured person is a man
over the age of eighteen shall be amended to 9p. , the rate of 5p.
applicable where the insured person is a woman over that age
shall be amended to 7p. and the rate of 3p. applicable where
the insured person is a boy under that age shall be amended to
4p; and there shall be paid out of money provided by Parliament
any increase resulting from these amendments in the contribu-
tions so payable under section 2( 1) (b) of the Industrial Injuries
Act .
1244 c .42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
Consequences
offorgoing
certain
benefits in
order to
receive
unabated
sick pay.
1966 с. 6.
Miscellaneous
4.- (1 ) This section applies to any arrangement-
( a) which relates to pay during absence from work which
can be abated on account of benefit unless the benefit
is not claimed or paid, and
( b) which is for the time being approved for the purposes of
this section by the Secretary of State,
and in this section " benefit " means-
sickness benefit,
invalidity benefit,
maternity allowance,
injury benefit, and
earnings-related supplement under section 2 of the National
Insurance Act 1966.
( 2 ) A person who, in pursuance of any such arrangement, has
not claimed benefit, but would have been entitled to the benefit
if he had claimed it, shall, unless or except so far as the Secre
tary of State by regulations provides otherwise, be deemed to be
entitled to the benefit for all the purposes of the Insurance
Act and of the Industrial Injuries Act (except so as to confer a
right to payment of the benefit) .
( 3) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury-
(a ) issue out of the National Insurance Fund and the
Industrial Injuries Fund sums equal to the respective
amounts, as estimated in accordance with this section,
which, but for any arrangement to which this section
applies , would have been paid out of those Funds by
way of benefit ; and
( b) deal with those sums in accordance with the following
provisions of this section.
( 4) Any such sum which is attributable to an arrangement
relating to the members, officers and servants of the Post Office
shall be paid to the Post Office.
( 5 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) above, any such sum shall be
paid to such person or fund (including the Consolidated Fund)
as the Treasury may direct.
(6) The amounts mentioned in subsection ( 3) (a) above shall be
estimated—
( a) where the payment is to be made into the Consolidated
Fund, by the Secretary of State ; and
( b ) in any other case, in such manner as may be agreed
between the person receiving the payment (or respon-
sible for the fund to which the payment is made)
and the Secretary of State acting with the consent of
the Treasury .
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit c .42 1245
Act 1973
( 7) Subsection ( 3) above shall not apply where the pay during
absence from work covered by the relevant arrangement forms
part of the expenses within section 85( 4) of the Insurance Act or
section 61 (2) of the Industrial Injuries Act (re-imbursement by
the Funds of Government expenditure in giving effect to National
Insurance schemes).
( 8) If the Secretary of State so directs, any approval given
by him under the Insurance Act or the Industrial Injuries Act,
or under any instrument having effect under either of those
Acts, shall be treated as if it were approval given under sub-
section ( 1) of this section.
5.- (1) Any reference in the National Insurance Acts 1965 Meaning of
to 1972 and the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Acts "incapacity
for work"
1965 to 1972 to incapacity for work shall be construed as a etc, and
reference to incapacity for work which the person in question amendment
can reasonably be expected to do ; and " incapable of work " of 1971 c. 50
in those Acts and " capable of work " in section 20 (1 )(a) (i ) of s. 12( 1).
the Insurance Act shall be construed accordingly.
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1 ) above,
that subsection shall apply in particular for the purposes of
the provisions of section 8(5)( b) (i) of the Insurance Act and of
proviso (b) (i) to section 3( 2) of the Industrial Injuries Act
( payment of contributions for weeks of incapacity ), and
accordingly a person may for the purposes of those provisions
be capable of work (in the sense of subsection ( 1) above),
although not capable of doing the work he is employed to do.
( 3) In section 12( 1) of the National Insurance Act 1971 (under 1971 c. 50.
which the Secretary of State may by regulations make provision
as to the circumstances in which a marriage celebrated under a
law which permits polygamy is to be treated for any purpose
of the enactments relating to national insurance or family
allowances as having the same consequences as a marriage cele-
brated under a law which does not ), for the words from " in
which " to " not" there shall be substituted the words " in
which-
( a) a marriage celebrated under a law which permits
polygamy ; or
( b) any marriage during the subsistence of which a party
to it is at any time married to more than one person,
is to be treated as having or not having the consequences of a
marriage celebrated under a law which does not permit
polygamy".
6. Schedule 2 to the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 Supplemen-
shall have effect subject to Schedule 4 to this Act. tary benefits.
1965 с. 20.
1246 c .42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Expenses.
1971 с. 50.
1967 с. 34.
Act 1973
Supplemental
7. There shall be paid out of money provided by
Parliament-
( a ) any increase attributable to section 1 of this Act in
the sums so payable on account of benefit by virtue of
section 13( 1) and ( 2) of the National Insurance Act
1971 ; and
( b) subject to the provision made by section 85 of the
Insurance Act for reimbursement out of the National
Insurance Fund and by section 61 of the Industrial
Injuries Act for reimbursement out of the Industrial
Injuries Fund, any increase attributable to this Act in
the expenses of any government department which are
so payable under either of those sections ; and
( c ) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so
payable under the Supplementary Benefit Acts 1966
and 1971 ;
and the references in paragraph (b ) of this section to section
61 of the Industrial Injuries Act include references to that section
as applied by section 13 of the Industrial Injuries and Diseases
( Old Cases) Act 1967.
Provisions as
to Northern
Ireland.
1920 с. 67.
1954 с. 33
( Ν.Ι. ) .
8.-( 1) With a view to making for Northern Ireland provision
parallel to that made by this Act for Great Britain, this Act
(except section 7) shall extend to Northern Ireland subject to
the adaptations provided for by Schedule 5 to this Act ; but-
( a ) in section 104 of the Insurance Act and section 83 of
the Industrial Injuries Act ( which provide for estab-
lishing unified systems of insurance in Great Britain
and Northern Ireland) references to Northern Irish
legislation shall be deemed to include this Act as it
applies to Northern Ireland ; and
(b) this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters in respect
of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power
to make laws, be deemed for the purposes of section 6
of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to have been
passed before the day referred to in that section as the
appointed day.
( 2 ) The Interpretation Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1954 shall
apply for the purposes of the interpretation of this Act in its
application to Northern Ireland as that Act applies for the
purposes of the interpretation of an Act of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland.
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
c . 42
1247
9.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance and Citation,
Supplementary Benefit Act 1973.
construction,
commence-
( 2 ) In this Act-
ment and
repeals.
"the Insurance Act " means the National Insurance Act 1965 c. 51 .
1965 ; and
" the Industrial Injuries Act " means the National Insurance 1966 c. 52.
( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965.
( 3) This Act as it applies to Great Britain-
( a ) may be cited with the National Insurance Acts 1965 to
1972 as the National Insurance Acts 1965 to
1973 and, so far as this Act relates to the subject
matter of those Acts , shall be construed as one with the
Insurance Act; and
( b) may be cited with the National Insurance (Industrial
Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1972 as the National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1973 and, so far as
this Act relates to the subject matter of those Acts, shall
be construed as one with the Industrial Injuries Act ;
and
( c ) may be cited with the Industrial Injuries and Diseases
( Old Cases) Acts 1967 to 1972 as the Industrial Injuries
and Diseases (Old Cases) Acts 1967 to 1973, and
(d ) may be cited with the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 c. 20.
1966 and the Social Security Act 1971 as the Supple- 1971 с. 73.
mentary Benefit Acts 1966 to 1973.
( 4 ) This Act as it applies to Northern Ireland-
( a ) may be cited with the National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1972 as the National Insur-
ance Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1973 and, so far
as this Act relates to the subject matter of those Acts,
shall be construed as one with the National Insurance 1966 с. 6
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 ; and ( Ν.Ι.) .
(b) may be cited with the National Insurance (Industrial
Injuries) Acts (Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1972 as the
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts (Northern
Ireland) 1966 to 1973 and, so far as this Act relates to
the subject matter of those Acts, shall be construed as
one with the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) 1966 c. 9
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 ; and
( Ν.Ι.) .( c) may be cited with the Workmen's Compensation
( Supplementation ) Acts ( Northern Ireland) 1966 to
1972 as the Workmen's Compensation ( Supplementa-
tion ) Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1973 ; and
1248 c .42
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
( d ) may be cited with the Supplementary Benefits Acts
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1971 as the Supplementary
Benefits Acts ( Northern Ireland) 1966 to 1973 .
( 5) Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the commencement of this Act and with respect to the transitional
matters dealt with in that Schedule .
( 6) The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act shall
be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule.
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
c.42
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED IN SCHEDULE 3
TO NATIONAL INSURANCE ACT 1965
1249
Section 1(1).
1965 с. 51.
WEEKLY RATES OF PERIODICAL BENEFITS AND OF
INCREASES FOR DEPENDANTS
PART I
Periodical Benefits
Description of benefit Weekly rate
1. Unemployment or sickness benefit (a) higher rate
... ...
£ 7-35
under section 19(2).
( b ) middle rate £ 5-15
(c ) lower rate £ 4-05
( the appropriate rate being chosen in
accordance with National Insurance
Act 1972 section 1 ( 2)) .
2. Invalidity pension
3. Invalidity allowance
... ... £ 7.75.
(a ) higher rate ... £ 1.60
( b ) middle rate ( c ) lower rate ...
£ 1.00
£ 0.50
( the appropriate rate being chosen in
accordance with National Insurance
Act 1972 section 1( 4)) .
4. Attendance allowance... ( a )higher rate £ 6-20
( b ) lower rate £ 4-15
( the appropriate rate being chosen in
accordance with National Insurance
Act 1972 section 2(2)) .
5. Maternity allowance
£ 7.35....
6. Widow's allowance
£ 10-85.
7. Widowed mother's allowance
£ 7.75.
8. Widow's pension
£ 7.75.... ...
9. Guardian's allowance
£ 3.80.
10. Retirement pension payable by
( a ) where the pension is pay-
virtue of this Act and not by
able to a woman by virtue
virtue of any enactment directed
of her husband's insur-
to be construed as one with this
ance and he is alive
...
Act .
( b ) in any other case
...
£ 4-75
£ 7-75
11. Retirement pension payable by
(a) except where head (b) below
virtue of paragraph ( a) or para-
applies...
£ 4.65
graph (b) of section 1(1) of the
(b ) where the pension is pay-
National Insurance Act 1970 or
able to a married woman
by virtue of section 5 of the
who has not, at any time
National Insurance Act 1971 .
since she first became
entitled to the pension,
ceased to be a married
woman ...
...
£ 2-85
12. Age addition
... £ 0.25.
13. Child's special allowance
£ 3.80...
Part II
R
1250 SCH. 1
c . 42
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
PART II
Increases for Dependants
Increase
Increase
Increase
for only ,
Increase for
for
Benefit to which
increase applies
elder
for
each
adult
oreldest
second
additional dependant
qualifying qualifying qualifying ( where
child child
child payable )
( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 ) ( 5 )
£ £ £ £
1. Unemployment or sickness
benefit under-
( a ) section 19( 2) 2-30 1.40 1.30 4-55
... ..
( b ) section 19( 3) 3.80 2.90 2.80 4-75
...
2. Invalidity pension 3.80 2.90 2.80 4-75
..
3. Maternity allowance 2-30 1.40 1-30 4-55
...
4. Widow's allowance 3.80 2.90 2.80
5. Widowed mother's allowance 3.80 2.90 2.80
6. Retirement pension payable by
virtue of this Act and not
by virtue of any enactment
directed to be construed as
one with this Act 3.80 2.90 2.80 4-75
7. Retirement pension payable by
virtue of paragraph (a) or
paragraph (b) of section 1 ( 1)
of the National Insurance
Act 1970 3.80 2.90 2.80 2-85
8. Child's special allowance 2.90 2.80
Where any unemployment or sickness benefit is payable at a weekly
rate determined under section 19( 3) of this Act, column ( 5 ) of this
Part of this Schedule shall have effect subject to section 43(3)(b) of
this Act, and where an invalidity pension is payable at a weekly rate
determined under section 3( 4 ) of the National Insurance Act 1971 ,
the said column ( 5 ) shall have effect subject to section 43A(8)( b) of
thisAct.
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
c . 42
SCHEDULE 2
PROVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED IN SCHEDULE 1
TO THE NATIONAL INSURANCE ACT 1965
1251
Section 2(1 ) .
1965 с. 51 .
RATES OF FLAT- RATE CONTRIBUTIONS
PART I
Employedpersons
Description of employed person
1
Men between the ages of 18 and 70 ( other than
men over the age of 65 who have retired from
regular employment)
Womenbetween the ages of 18 and 65 (other than
women over the age of 60 who have retired
from regular employment)
Boys under the age of 18...
Girlsunder the age of 18..
Weekly rate of contribution
Unlessby
virtue of
If by virtue of
a non-
anon-
participating employment
participating employment
2 3
£ £
0.632 0-752
0.545 0.625
0-461
0-381
PART II
Employers
Weekly rate of contribution
Description of employed person 1
Unless by
If by
virtue of
virtue of
a non- a non-
participating employment participating employment
2 3
Men over the age of 18
Women over the age of 18
Boys under the age of 18
Girls under the age of 18
...
..
£ £
0.954 1.074
0.828 0.908
0.647
0.557
For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule a person over pension-
able age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as an employed
person if he would be an insured person were he under pensionable
age and would be an employed person were he an insured person.
Part II R2
1252 c .42
SCH. 2
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
PART III
Self -employedpersons
Description of self - employed person
1
Weekly rate of contribution
2
£
1-763
Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (other than men over the
age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)
Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (other than women
over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employ-
ment )...
...
... 1-477
Boys under the age of 18
.. ... 1.002
Girls under the age of 18
0-842
PART IV
Non-employedpersons
Description of non- employed person
1
Menbetween the ages of 18 and 65 Womenbetween the ages of 18 and 60 Boys under the age of 18 Girls under the age of 18 ...
... ... ...
...
Weekly rate of contribution
2
£
1-353
1.057
0-772
0-612
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED IN SCHEDULE 3 TO THE
NATIONAL INSURANCE ( INDUSTRIAL INJURIES ) ACT 1965
c.42
1253
Section 3 ( 1) .
1965 с. 52.
RATE OR AMOUNT OF BENEFIT ETC.
Description of benefit etc. Amount
1. Injury benefit under s. 11 ( weekly (a) for any period during which the
rate ).
beneficiary is over the age of 18
or is entitled to an increase of
benefit in respect of a child or
adult dependant £ 10.10.
( b ) for any period during which the
beneficiary is not over the age of
18 and not entitled as aforesaid
£ 6.75.
2. Maximum disablement gratuity
under s . 12 ( 3).
3. Disablement pension under s. 12( 5 )
( weekly rate ).
£850.
For the several degrees of disablement
set out in column 1 of the following
Table, the respective amounts in that
Table, using:-
( a ) column 2 for any period during
which the beneficiary is over the
age of 18 years or is entitled to
an increase of benefit in respect
of a child or adult dependant;
( b ) column 3 for any period during
which the beneficiary is not over
the age of 18 and not entitled as
aforesaid.
TABLE
Degree ofdisablement
Amount
( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 )
per cent.
£ £
100...
...
12.80 7.80
...
90...
... .. ...
11.52 7.02
80...
... 10-24 6.24
.. ... .. ...
70... 8.96 5-46
... ...
60... 7.68 4.68
... ...
50... 6.40 3.90
...
40 ... 5-12 3-12
... ... ... ...
30... 3-84 2-34
... ... ...
20... 2.56 1.56
... ... ..
Part II R3
1254 c .42
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
SCH. 3
Description of benefit etc.
Amount
4. Unemployability supplement under £7.75.
s. 13 (increase of weekly rate of
disablement pension ) .
4A. Increase under s. 13A ofunemploy- (a) if on the qualifying date the bene-
ability supplement ( early onset of
ficiary was under the age of 35, or
incapacity for work) .
ifthat date fell before 5th July 1948
£ 1.60.
( b ) if head (a) above does not apply and
on the qualifying date the bene-
ficiary was under the age of 45
£ 1.00.
( c ) if heads ( a) and ( b) above do not
apply, and on the qualifying date
the beneficiary was a man under
the age of 60, or a woman under
the age of55 £ 0.50.
5. Maximum increase under s. 14 of
weekly rate of disablement pension
in cases of special hardship.
£5.12 or the amount (if any) by which
the weekly rate of the pension,
apart from any increase under s . 15,
17 or 18 of this Act or under s. 6
of the National Insurance Act
1966, falls short of £12.80, which-
ever is the less .
(a) except in cases of exceptionally
severe disablement
£ 5-15.
( b) in any case
£ 10-30.
£5-15.
6. Maximum increase under s. 15 of
weekly rate ofdisablement pension
where constant attendance needed.
6A. Increase under s. 6(1) of National
Insurance Act 1966 of disablement
pension (exceptionally severe dis-
ablement ) .
7. Increase under s. 17 of weekly rate
of benefit in respect of children,
except where beneficiary is entitled
to unemployability supplement.
7A . Increase under s. 17 of weekly rate
of disablement pension in respect
of children where beneficiary is
entitled to unemployability supple-
ment.
(a) in respect of only, elder or eldest
child of beneficiary's family £2.30.
( b) in respect of second child of bene-
ficiary's family £ 1.40.
( c ) in respect of each additional child of
beneficiary's family £ 1.30.
(a) in respect of only, elder or eldest
child of beneficiary's family
£ 3.80.
( b) in respect of second child of bene-
ficiary's family £ 2.90.
( c ) in respect of each additional child of
beneficiary's family £ 2.80.
£ 4.55.
8. Increase under s. 18 in respect
of adult dependant of weekly rate
of injury benefit and of disable-
ment pension not falling to be
increased by unemployability
supplement.
8A. Increase under s. 18 in respect £ 4-75.
of adult dependant of weekly rate
of disablement pension falling to
be increased by unemployability
supplement.
9. Widow's pension under s . 19:
( a ) initial rate
(b ) higher permanent rate
( c ) lower permanent rate
£ 10-85.
£ 8.30.
30 per cent. of the weekly rate for the
time being of a widow's pension under
the National Insurance Act 1965 as
specified in Schedule 3 to that Act.
10. Widower's pension under s. 20 £8-30.
( weekly rate ).
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
c . 42
1255
SCH. 3
Description of benefit etc.
11. Allowance under s. 21 in respect of
childrenofdeceased's family :
( a ) weekly rate of allowance
under s . 21(1).
Amount
( b ) increase under s . 21 ( 2)
12. Maximum under s. 29(1)( a) of
aggregate of weekly benefit pay-
able for successive accidents .
( i ) in respect of only, elder or eldest
qualifying child £ 2.30.
( ii ) in respect of second qualifying
child £ 1.40.
( iii ) in respect of each additional qualify-
ing child £ 1.30.
£ 1.50.
( a) for any period during which the
beneficiary is over the age of 18 or
is entitled to an increase of benefit
in respect of a child or adult
dependant £ 12.80.
( b ) for any period during which the
beneficiary is not over the age of 18
and not entitled as aforesaid
£ 7.80.
SCHEDULE 4
Section 6.
AMENDMENT OF SCHEDULE 2 TO MINISTRY OF SOCIAL SECURITY
Аст 1966
Interpretation
1. In this Schedule " the Act " means the Ministry of Social 1966 c. 20.
Security Act 1966, and " the Schedule " means Schedule 2 to the Act.
Adjustment for exceptional circumstances
2. Paragraph 4( 2 ) of the Schedule (tests for applying paragraph
4 (1) ) shall cease to have effect.
Replacement of paragraphs 9, 10, 11, 12 and 12B
3. Paragraphs 4 to 6 below shall have effect in lieu of paragraphs
9, 10, 11, 12 and 12B of the Schedule and shall be inserted in the
Schedule as paragraphs 8A, 9 and 10, with the substitution of " this
Act " and "this Schedule " for " the Act " and " the Schedule " ;
and
( a ) in paragraph 8(2) of the Schedule, for the words " that speci-
fied in " there shall be substituted the words " that applicable
under"; and
( b ) in paragraph 10A(1) of the Schedule, for the words " the
amount specified in paragraph 9( b) " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " the first of the amounts specified in
paragraph 9(b) " ; and
( c ) paragraphs 10A and 12A of the Schedule shall be renumbered
11 and 12 respectively, and accordingly " 12 " shall be
substituted for " 12A " in paragraph 14 and for " 12B "
in paragraph 17 of the Schedule.
Part II R4
1256 c . 42 National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
SCH. 4
Amounts preceded by (a), (b) or (c)
4 .- (1) Where, in the following paragraphs, amounts are preceded
by(a ), (b) or (c)
( a ) the amount preceded by (a ) is applicable if neither of the
others is applicable ;
( b ) the amount preceded by ( b) is applicable if either-
(i) the requirements are those of a person eligible for
a supplementary pension and neither he nor a person
whose requirements are aggregated with his under para-
graph 3 of the Schedule is aged 80 years or more, or
( ii ) the requirements are those of a person who has
been in receipt of a supplementary allowance for a
continuous period of not less than two years and his right
to the allowance is not, and was not at any time during
the last two years of that period , subject to the condi-
tion of section 11 of the Act ;
( c ) the amount preceded by (c ) is applicable if the requirements
are those of a person eligible for a supplementary pension
and either he or a person whose requirements are aggrega-
ted with his under paragraph 3 of the Schedule is aged 80
years or more.
( 2 ) Where-
( a ) an amount applicable under the following paragraphs to the
requirements of any person is preceded by (b) or (c) ; and
( b ) benefit is ( or would but for this paragraph be ) awarded in
accordance with paragraph 4 of the Schedule at an
increased amount so as to take account of exceptional
expenses ;
then, subject to sub- paragraph (3) below, the increase shall be made
only to the extent that its weekly amount would ( apart from this
sub-paragraph) exceed-
(i ) 50p where the amount applicable is preceded by ( b ), and
(ii ) 75p where the amount applicable is preceded by ( c ).
( 3) Sub-paragraph (2) above does not apply to an increase or part
of an increase attributable to-
( a ) heating expenses ; or
( b ) expenses taken into account , but not fully met , under para-
graph 13(1)(b) of the Schedule ; or
( c) expenses of a person whose requirements are aggregated
under paragraph 3( 2 ) of the Schedule with those of the
person entitled to the benefit .
Normal requirements
£
5. Requirements of persons other than blind persons-
( a ) husband and wife or other persons falling within
paragraph 3(1) of the Schedule
... ( a ) 11.65
(b) 12-85
( c ) 13-10
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit Act 1973
c .42
1257
£ SCH. 4
( b ) person living alone or householder not falling
within sub-paragraph ( a) of this paragraph who
is directly responsible for household necessities
and rent (if any)... ... ... ( a )7-15
( b) 8-15
( c )8.40
( c ) any other person aged-
( i ) not less than 18 years.. ... ... ( a ) 5-70
( b)6.60
( c ) 6.85
(ii ) less than 18 but not less than 16 years
...
4-40
(iii ) less than 16 but not less than 13 years
...
3.70
( iv ) less than 13 but not less than 11 years
...
3-00
( v ) less than 11 but not less than 5 years ...
2-45
( vi ) less than 5 years ... ... ... ...
2-05
Blind Persons
6. Requirements of persons who are or include blind persons-
( a ) husband and wife or other persons falling within paragraph
3(1) of the Schedule-
( i ) if one of them is blind
( ii ) if both of them are blind
£
( a ) 12.90
( b ) 14.10
( c ) 14-35
... ( a ) 13.70
( b ) 14.90
( c ) 15-15
( b) any other blind person aged-
( i ) not less than 18 years
... ... ( a )8.40
( b) 9.40
( c ) 9.65
(ii) less than 18 but not less than 16 years
...
5-30
(iii ) less than 16 but not less than 13 years
3.70...
(iv ) less than 13 but not less than 11 years 3.00...
( v ) less than 11 but not less than 5 years 2-45...
( vi ) less than 5 years ... ... ... ...
2-05
Attendance requirements and rent
7. In paragraphs 12A ( to be renumbered 12 ) and 13 of
the Schedule ( as amended by the Supplementary Benefit ( Determina- S.I. 1972
tion of Requirements) Regulations 1972) there shall be substituted - No. 1145.
( a ) for each reference to £ 5.40 a reference to £ 6-20 ;
( b ) for each reference to £3.60 a reference to £ 4-15 ; and
( c ) for the reference to £0-70 a reference to £ 0.80.
1258 SCH. 4
1916 с. 65.
1917 с. 51 .
1939 с. 82.
1939 с. 83 .
1947 с. 19.
1951 с. 8
( 15 & 16 Geo. 6
&1 Eliz. 2 ) .
1969 с. 65.
1914 с. 30.
1914 с. 18
(5 & 6 Geo 5) .
1915 с. 24.
Section 8(1 )
c .42
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
Disregard of widow's pensions and allowances
8. For paragraph ( b) of paragraph 24( 4) of the Schedule there
shall be substituted the following paragraphs-
" (b) any widow's pension or allowance (except an allowance in
respect of children ) granted in respect of a death due to
service or war injury under powers conferred by or under
the Ministry of Pensions Act 1916, the Air Force
( Constitution ) Act 1917, the Personal Injuries ( Emergency
Provisions) Act 1939, the Pensions ( Navy, Army, Air Force
and Mercantile Marine) Act 1939, the Polish Resettlement
Act 1947, the Home Guard Act 1951 or the Ulster Defence
Regiment Act 1969 ; and
( c ) a pension or allowance for a widow (except an allowance in
respect of children ) granted under any scheme made
under the Injuries in War (Cornpensation ) Act 1914, the
Injuries in War Compensation Act 1914 ( Session 2 ), or the
Injuries in War (Compensation) Act 1915 or under any
War Risk Compensation Scheme for the Mercantile
Marine".
SCHEDULE 5
ADAPTATIONS FOR NORTHERN IRELAND
Introductory
1. In sections 1 to 6 of and Schedules 1 to 4 and 6 to this Act, in
their application to Northern Ireland by virtue of section 8( 1 ) of this
Act, there shall be made the adaptations specified in the following
provisions of this Schedule.
References to enactments amended
2.- (1 ) For any of the Acts or regulations specified in column 1 of
the Table set out in this sub-paragraph there shall be substituted the
Act, Order or regulations specified in relation thereto in column 2 of
the Table.
TABLE
1966 с. 6 The Insurance Act.
The National Insurance Act
( Ν.Ι.) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
1966 с. 9 The Industrial Injuries Act.
( Ν.Ι.) . The National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
1966 c. 6. The National Insurance Act 1966. The National Insurance ( No. 2)
1966 с. 16
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 c. 20.
The Ministry of Social Security The Supplementary Benefits &c.
1966 с. 28
Act 1966.
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
( Ν.Ι. ).
1967 c. 34.
The Industrial Injuries and
The Workmen's Compensation
1966 с. 14
Diseases ( Old Cases) Act 1967.
( Supplementation ) Act
( Ν.Ι.).
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
1969 c. 44.
The National Insurance Act 1969.
The National Insurance &c. ( No.
1969 с. 19
2 ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969.
( Ν.Ι.).
1970 с. 51. The National Insurance Act 1970. The National Insurance Act
1970 с. 28
( Northern Ireland ) 1970.
( Ν.Ι. ).
1971 c. 50. The National Insurance Act 1971. The Social Services (Parity ) Order
S.R. & Ο. ( Northern Ireland ) 1971 .
( Ν.Ι.) .
1971 No.
224 .
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit c .42 1259
Act 1973
The
Supplementary Benefit
( Determination of Require-
ments) Regulations 1972.
SCH. 5
S.I. 1972
No. 1145.
S.R. & Ο.
( Ν.Ι.)
1972 No.
181 .
S.R. & Ο.
( Ν.Ι. )
1973 No.
64 .
The Supplementary Benefit ( Deter-
mination of Requirements)
Regulations ( Northern Ireland)
1972 and The Supplementary
Benefit ( Determination of Re-
quirements) Regulations ( North-
ern Ireland)1973.
TheNational InsuranceActs 1965
to 1972.
The National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1972.
The National Insurance Acts
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1972.
The National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries) Acts ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1972.
( 2) The word " Act " and the word " section ", where used with
reference to the National Insurance Act 1971 , shall be replaced by 1971 c. 50.
the word " Order " and the word " Article " ; and in the case of the
Acts mentioned in the Table set out in this sub-paragraph for
references to the provisions specified in column 1 there shall be
substituted the references in column 2 ( being the corresponding
references where the numbering differs in the Act substituted by sub-
paragraph (1 ) above).
TABLE
The Insurance Act : -
Section 19( 2) or section 19( 3).
Section 18(2) or section 18(3) .
Section 20(1 )( a)(i).
Section 19(1)(a)(i) .
Section 43( 3)(b).
Section 42(3)(b) .
Section 43A(8)(b) .
Section 42A(8)( b) .
Section 85(4 ) .
Section 83( 3) .
Section 107( 4).
Section 101 ( 3) .
The Industrial Injuries Act:-
Proviso (b)(i) to section 3(2).
Section 3 (2)(b)(i) .
Section 12( 3) or section 12(5).
Section 12( 4) or section 12( 6) .
Section 61( 2) .
Section 59( 3).
( 3) Any reference in this Act to a provision ofthe National Insurance
Act 1972 shall be construed as a reference to that provision as it
applies to Northern Ireland.
General adaptations
3. For any such reference as is specified in column 1 of the Table
set out in this paragraph there shall be substituted the reference
specified in relation thereto in column 2.
TABLE
The Consolidated Fund.
The Exchequer of Northern Ireland.
The Industrial Injuries Fund.
The Northern Ireland Industrial
Injuries Fund.
The National Insurance Fund.
The Northern Ireland National In-
surance Fund.
The Secretary of State ( except
The Ministry of Health and Social
where the reference occurs in
Services for Northern Ireland .
paragraph 1 of Schedule 6 ).
TheTreasury.
TheMinistry of Finance for Northern
Ireland.
1260 SCH. 5
1966 c. 9(N.I.).
Section 9(5 ).
c .42
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
Omissions
4. There shall be omitted-
( a ) in sections 2(1) and 3( 4) of this Act the words from " and
there " onwards;
( b ) section 3( 3)( b) of this Act and the word " and " immediately
preceding it;
( c ) in Schedule 6 to this Act, in paragraph 1( 4) the words
" a
statutory instrument containing ", and paragraph 2.
Miscellaneous adaptations
5. For section 2( 4 ) of this Act there shall be substituted-
" ( 4) The contributions to be paid under the National Insurance
Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966 to the Northern Ireland National
Insurance Fund may include in respect of the financial year
1974-75 and each subsequent financial year, the sum of £3.8
million , instead of the amount provided for by section 3( 3) of
the National Insurance Act 1972."
6. In Schedule 6 to this Act-
( a ) in paragraph 1, for the words " Secretary of State ", wherever
occurring, there shall be substituted the words " Minister of
Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland "; and
( b ) in paragraph 1( 4) after the words " House of Parliament) "
there shall be inserted the words " and section 80( 2) of the
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1966 (which makes like provision) " .
SCHEDULE 6
COMMENCEMENT AND TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Commencement of this Act
1.- (1 ) The following provisions of this Act, that is-
( a ) sections 4and 5, and
( b ) paragraph 8 of Schedule 4,
shall come into force on the passing of this Act.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph (1) above, the provisions of this Act
shall not come into force until such date or dates as the Secretary of
State may by order appoint for those provisions or any of them.
( 3) Different days may be appointed under this paragraph for
different purposes of the relevant provisions (that is to say, the
provisions to which sub-paragraph (2) above applies) or for the same
purposes in relation to different cases or classes of case; and if that
is done, or if different days are appointed for different provisions,
then-
(a ) an order under this paragraph may contain such incidental or
supplemental provisions as appear to the Secretary of State
to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any
part of the period when the relevant provisions are to have
a partial operation only and, in particular, may contain
National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit c .42 1261
Act 1973
provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to the
period to which the order is to apply, the relevant provisions
or the provisions of any Act amended by this Act ; and
( b) any provision made in pursuance of paragraph ( a) above
may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the
Secretary of State.
( 4 ) Section 107( 4 ) of the Insurance Act (which provides for orders
under that Act to be subject to annulment in pursuance of aresolution
of either House of Parliament ) shall not apply to any order under
this paragraph, but a statutory instrument containing any such order
shall be laid before Parliament after being made.
SCH. 6
Regulations etc: temporary exclusion of certain requirements
2.(1) Section 108 of the Insurance Act (which requires a
preliminary draft of regulations to be submitted to the National
Insurance Advisory Committee before the regulations are made or,
in certain cases, before a draft is laid before Parliament ) and
section 62(2) of the Industrial Injuries Act ( which requires a proposal
to make regulations to be referred to the Industrial Injuries Advisory
Council for consideration and advice ) shall not apply to regulations
made, or to a draft of regulations laid , before the expiration of six
months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act if the
instrument containing the regulations or, as the case may be, the
draft states that the regulations contain no provisions other than
such as-
( a ) are made in consequence of this Act ; or
( b) operate with reference to the amount of a person's earnings,
and are made under one or more of the following provisions
( which relate to the classification of insured persons or the
liability to contributions), that is to say-
(i ) sections 1( 3) and 8( 5) of the Insurance Act, and
(ii ) section 3(3)(b) of the Industrial Injuries Act ; or
(c ) concern the amount by which the rate of disablement pension
may be increased under section 15(1) of the Industrial
Injuries Act where constant attendance is required.
( 2 ) The following enactments, that is to say-
(a ) section 107(1) of the Insurance Act ; and
(b) section 85( 4) of the Industrial Injuries Act ; and
( c ) section 4 ( 8) ( a ) of the Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Old 1967 с. 34.
Cases ) Act 1967,
shall not require a draft of any regulations, order or scheme to be
laid before Parliament or approved by resolution of either House
before the making of the regulations, order or scheme, if the regula-
tions, order or scheme are or is made before the expiration of six
months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act, and if
the instrument containing the regulations, order or scheme states
that they or it are or is made in consequence of this Act ; but where
any of those enactments would otherwise so require, the instrument
containing the regulations, order or scheme shall instead be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
1262 c . 42
Section 9( 6 ).
Chapter
1966 с. 20
1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
1969 с. 48. 1972 с. 57. National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973
SCHEDULE 7
REPEALS
Short Title
The Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966.
The SupplementaryBene-
fits &c. Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
The Post Office Act 1969.
The National Insurance
Act 1972.
Extent of Repeal
In Schedule 2 , paragraphs 4(2)
and (as in force before the
commencement of this Act ) 9,
10, 11, 12 and 12B.
In Schedule 2, paragraphs 4( 2)
and ( as in force before the
commencement of this Act)
9, 10, 11, 12 and 12B.
Section 51 .
Section 1(1).
Section 3, but so that the repeal
of section 3(3) does not apply
for the year 1973–74 or earlier
years.
In section 4, subsections (1),
( 4 ) and(5 ).
Schedules 1 to 3.
In Schedule 5-
in the Table in paragraph 2(1 )
the entries (in both columns)
relating to the Industrial
Injuries and Diseases (Old
Cases ) Act 1967 and the
National Insurance Act
1969 ;
in the Table in paragraph 2(2)
the entries (in both columns,
relating to sections 19( 3),
43(3)(b) and section 43A
( 8)( b) of the National Insur-
ance Act 1965, section
12(3)(5) of the National
Insurance (Industrial In-
juries) Act 1965 and sections
1( 3) and 11(1) of the
National Insurance Act
1971;
all of paragraph 3(a) except
the words " section 6( 4 ) ";
paragraph 3(b) ; and
paragraph 5, but not for the
year 1973-74, or earlier
years.
c. 43 1263
DIEUET
PENSE
MON DROLL
Hallmarking Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 43
An Act to make fresh provision for the composition,
assaying, marking and description of articles of , or
containing, precious metals, and as to agencies for the
implementation and enforcement thereof; and for
purposes connected with those matters. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any person who, Prohibited
in the course of a trade or business— descriptions of unhallmarked
( a) applies to an unhallmarked article a description indicat- articles.
ing that it is wholly or partly made of gold, silver or
platinum, or
( b) supplies, or offers to supply, an unhallmarked article to
which such a description is applied ,
shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall not apply to a description which
is permitted by Part I of Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 3) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to an article within
Part II of the said Schedule.
( 4) Notwithstanding section 3(1) of the Trade Descriptions 1968 c. 29.
Act 1968 ( definition of " false trade description " as one which is
false to a material degree) a trade description which indicates the
fineness (whether in parts per thousand or otherwise) of any
c .43
1264 Hallmarking Act 1973
1968 с. 29.
Meaning of
approved
hallmarks,
etc.
precious metal shall be a false trade description if that indication
is false to any extent or degree ( except by understating the fine-
ness ).
The Trade Descriptions Act 1968 is in this Act referred to as
" the Act of 1968 " .
( 5 ) Part III of the said Schedule shall apply for construing
descriptions relating to the fineness of precious metals.
(6) The provisions of this section have effect subject to
Part IV of the said Schedule.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section-
( a) " advertisement " includes a catalogue, a circular and a
price list ,
( b ) section 4 of the Act of 1968 (which defines " applies a
trade description ") shall apply to paragraphs (a) and
( b) of subsection ( 1 ), for the interpretation of references
to a description being applied to any article, as it
applies for the interpretation of references in that Act
to applying a trade description,
( c ) a person exposing articles for supply, or having articles
inhis possession for supply, " offers to supply " them.
(8) Where in an advertisement a description is used in rela-
tion to any class of articles , the description shall be taken as
referring to all articles of the class, whether or not in existence
at the time the advertisement is published-
( a) for the purpose of determining whether an offence has
been committed under subsection ( 1)(a ) above, and
(b) where articles of the class are supplied or offered to be
supplied by a person publishing or displaying the
advertisement, also for the purpose of determining
whether an offence has been committed under sub-
section ( 1 ) ( b) above ;
and section 5(3) of the Act of 1968 ( defining goods of the class
in question) shall apply for determining whether any articles are
of a class to which a description used in an advertisement relates.
(9) Section 39(2) of the Act of 1968 (descriptions in publications
or broadcasts) shall apply for the purposes of this section.
2.- (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires ,
" approved hallmarks " means-
(a) marks struck by an assay office in the United Kingdom,
whether before or after the commencement of this Act,
under the law for the time being in force, or
( b) marks struck by the Wardens and Commonalty of Gold-
smiths of the City of Dublin before 1st April 1923 , or
(c ) marks struck by an assay office under the law of a
country outside the United Kingdom, being marks
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1265
designated for the purposes of this section by order of
the Secretary of State as marks recognised pursuant to
any international convention or treaty to which Her
Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom is a
party.
( 2 ) Marks within subsection ( 1)(c) above are in this Act called
" convention hallmarks " .
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order make such provision
as appears to him appropriate for enabling articles submitted to
an assay office in the United Kingdom to be struck with marks
which, pursuant to any such convention or treaty, will, or will
with other marks, be accorded recognition under the law of any
other country, and for making consequential or incidental provi-
sions, including provision for excluding or modifying any of the
provisions of this Act.
( 4) For the purposes of this Act an article is unhallmarked-
(a ) if it does not bear the approved hallmarks and the
sponsor's mark, or
( b) if the article has been the subject of any improper
alteration.
( 5) In this Act " improper alteration " means an addition,
alteration or repair which has been made to an article bearing
approved hallmarks and-
(a) which contravened section 5 of this Act, or
(b) which was made before the coming into force of that
section, and would have required the consent of an
assay office if that section had been in force, or
( c ) in the case of an article which bears a convention hall-
mark, would have required that consent if the addition,
alteration or repair had been made in the United
Kingdom:
Provided that paragraphs (b) and (c ) of this subsection shall
not apply if, after the making of the addition, alteration or
repair, the article has been re-assayed and struck with any
further approved hallmark .
3.- ( 1 ) Before an article is submitted to an assay office to Sponsors'
be struck with the approved hallmarks there shall be struck on marks.
the article a mark indicative of the manufacturer or sponsor
and known as the sponsor's mark :
Provided that the assay office and the manufacturer or sponsor
of an article may make arrangements for the sponsor's mark
to be struck by that assay office upon submission of the article
to be struck with the approved hallmarks .
( 2) After 31st December 1975 all sponsors' marks for the
time being in use shall cease to be authorised for striking on
c .43
1266 Hallmarking Act 1973
any article intended to be struck with the approved hallmarks
and thenceforth a sponsor's mark shall be authorised (whether
or not of the same design as any sponsor's mark which was
authorised before 1st January 1976) only if it is for the time being
registered under the following provisions of this section with
an assay office by which the article is intended to be so struck.
( 3) (a) Any sponsor's mark which is registered under this
section shall include the initial letters of the name or names
of the manufacturer or sponsor and shall be of such design
as may be approved by an assay office :
Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall apply to the
registration on or before 31st December 1975 by a manufacturer
or sponsor (or to the renewal from time to time thereafter of
that registration ) of the same mark as until that date has been
authorised for use by him in terms of subsection ( 2) of this
section.
(b) An assay office shall maintain a register of sponsors'
marks for the time being registered and approved by that assay
office under this section .
( 4 ) Upon application for registration or renewal of the regis-
tration of any sponsor's mark under this section with an assay
office, there shall be payable by the applicant such reasonable
fee as for the time being is specified in regulations made by
the Council and any application shall be made in such form
accompanied by such particulars and exhibits as may be so
specified.
(5) Registration or renewal of the registration of any sponsor's
mark under this section shall be subject to the approval, provision
and recording from time to time (in accordance with regulations
made by the Council ) of such punches or other equipment as may
be specified in such regulations .
(6) Any assay office may register under this section their own
sponsor's mark, being of such design as may be approved by
resolution of the Council ; and in any case where a person
submits an article to an assay office for striking with the approved
hallmarks and that assay office are of opinion that they would
not be justified in requiring that person to register and strike
a sponsor's mark in accordance with the foregoing provisions
of this section, the sponsor's mark of that assay office may be
struck on the article.
( 7) The registration of a sponsor's mark under this section
shall cease to have effect after the expiration of the period of
ten years following registration but without prejudice to the
making of any application for renewal of such registration.
( 8) Any person who without authority strikes an article with
a mark purporting to be a sponsor's mark authorised under this
section shall be guilty of an offence .
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1267
4.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and ofApproved
Schedule 2 to this Act, any article of precious metal, which is hallmarks.
submitted to an assay office for hallmarking and which upon
assay is found in all its parts to be of a standard of fineness not
less than the minimum fineness for that precious metal, shall be
struck by that assay office with the approved hallmarks, namely-
( a ) as respects articles comprised of a single precious metal
( and governed by Part I of the said Schedule 2) -
(i) the assay office mark as specified in paragraph 1
of the said Schedule appropriate to the assay office
specified in column ( 1 ) opposite to such mark ;
(ii) the standard mark specified in paragraph 2 of
the said Schedule as respects an article of the precious
metal specified opposite thereto in column ( 1 ) of the
said paragraph assaying to a standard of fineness
specified in column (2) of the said paragraph and also
so opposite ; and
(iii ) the date letter directed pursuant to para-
graph 3 of the said Schedule ;
( b) as respects articles comprised of two or more precious
metals and satisfying the conditions of Part II of the
said Schedule 2, marks struck in accordance with that
Part ; and
(c) as respects articles comprised of precious metal and other
materials and satisfying the conditions of Part III of
the said Schedule 2, marks struck in accordance with
that Part ;
and, as respects all such articles, in compliance with any direc-
tions given by the Council pursuant to Part IV of the said
Schedule with respect to any shield or other border by which
any approved hallmark is to be enclosed.
( 2 ) If it is shown to the satisfaction of the assay office that
the article was made in the United Kingdom, the assay office
mark and the standard mark shall be those specified for that
assay office in column ( 2) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this
Act, and in column (3) of paragraph 2 of that Schedule ; and
otherwise the marks shall be those specified in column (3) of the
said paragraph 1 and column ( 4) of the said paragraph 2.
(3) No article shall be struck with the approved hallmarks
unless-
( a) the assay office are of opinion that the use of any
solder is not excessive ;
( b) except in a case where the assay office otherwise per-
mit, any solder used in an article of-
(i) gold, is gold of a fineness not less than the
standard of fineness of the article :
c.43
1268 Hallmarking Act 1973
Provided that solder used in any article-
(a) of a standard of fineness of 916.6 may be of a
fineness not less than 750 ; and
( b) of filigree work or being a watch case and
in either case of a standard of fineness
of 750, may be of a fineness not less than
740 ; and
(c) of white gold of a standard of fineness of
750, may be of a fineness not less than 500 ;
(ii) silver, is silver of a fineness not less than
650 ;
( iii) platinum, is gold, silver, platinum or palla-
dium or a combination of two or more thereof and is
of a fineness or (as the case may be ) of a combined
fineness not less than 950 ; and
(c) solder of a fineness less than the standard of fineness
of the article is used in a quantity not more than is
necessary for joining parts of the article and is not used
for strengthening, weighting, filling or otherwise.
( 4 ) A person who knowingly makes a false statement in
furnishing any information to an assay office for the purposes of
subsection (2) above shall be guilty of an offence.
( 5 ) If-
(a) an assay office have refused to hallmark an article sub-
mitted to them for hallmarking under this section ; and
( b) the person submitting the article has referred the matter
to the Council in writing ;
the Council shall consider the case and, if they are of the opinion
that the assay office were acting unreasonably in refusing to
hallmark the article, they shall direct the assay office to strike the
article with the approved hallmarks .
(6) It shall be the duty of an assay office to whom a direction
has been given under subsection ( 5) above to comply with the
direction.
(7) (a) The Secretary of State may, after consulting the Council
and such other persons as he thinks fit, make regulations wholly
or partly varying, supplementing or replacing the foregoing
provisions of this section and the provisions of Schedule 2 to
this Act ; and upon the coming into operation of regulations
made under this subsection those provisions, or such of them
as may be specified in such regulations together with any
regulations or directions made or given under those provisions,
shall have effect as so varied or supplemented or ( as the case
may be) shall cease to have effect.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1269
(b) Regulations made under this subsection may contain such
transitional, incidental, supplementary or consequential pro-
vision as the Secretary of State considers necessary or expedient
for the purpose of the regulations, including provision applying,
extending, excluding or amending, or repealing or revoking, with
or without savings, any provision of this Act or an instrument
under this Act.
5.- (1) Subject to subsections (3) to (5) below, it shall be anAlterations to
offence for any person to make an addition, alteration or repair hallmarked
to an article bearing approved hallmarks, except in accordance articles.
with the written consent of an assay office.
(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, it shall be an offence for
any person to remove, alter or deface any mark struck on an
article, except in accordance with the written consent of an assay
office.
For the purposes of this subsection " mark " means a sponsor's
mark, any approved hallmark, the word " filled ", the word
" metal " or any other word for the time being prescribed by or
under section 4 of, or Schedule 2 to, this Act.
( 3) It shall not be an offence under subsection ( 1) or (2) above
to batter an article so as to render it fit only for remanufacture.
( 4 ) It shall not be an offence under subsection ( 1) above to
make an addition to an article which is not a new ware if the
character of the article, and the purposes for which it can be used,
remain unaltered and-
(a) the addition is of the same precious metal as that of the
article ;
(b) the metal added to the article is of a fineness not less than
the standard of fineness of the article ; and
(c ) the amount of metal added does not exceed the lesser
of-
(i) 1 gram of gold, 5 grams of silver or 0.5 grams
of platinum, as the case may be ; and
(ii) 50 per cent. of the weight of the article
immediately before the addition was made.
( 5 ) It shall not be an offence under subsection ( 1) above to
add a coating, of a thickness not exceeding 2 micrometres at any
point, to the whole or any part of-
(a ) an article of gold, if the coating is of gold of a fineness
not less than the standard of fineness of the article ;
or
(b) an article of silver, if the coating is of silver of a fineness
not less than the standard of fineness of the article ; or
c. 43
1270 Hallmarking Act 1973
( c) an article of silver, if the coating is of gold of not less
than the minimum fineness ; or
(d ) an article of gold, silver or platinum, if the coating is of
rhodium.
(6 ) In giving any consent for the purposes of subsection ( 1 )
or ( 2) above, an assay office may make it a condition of the
consent that the article concerned, or any addition made to it ,
be further assayed and struck with-
(a ) the sponsor's mark ; and
(b) such of the approved hallmarks as may be specified in
directions issued by the Council for the purposes of
this subsection or, in the absence of any such directions,
such of the approved hallmarks as may be determined
by the assay office.
( 7 ) If-
(a) an application for consent under subsection ( 1) or (2)
above has been refused by an assay office ; and
( b) the applicant has referred the matter to the Council, in
writing ;
the Council shall consider the case and, if they are of the opinion
that the assay office were acting unreasonably in withholding
the consent applied for, they shall direct the assay office to grant
the consent.
(8) Without prejudice to subsection (6) above, it shall be the
duty of an assay office to whom a direction has been given under
subsection (7) above to comply with the direction.
Counter-
feiting, etc. of
diesand
marks.
6.- (1) Any person who-
(a ) with intent to defraud or deceive, makes a counterfeit
of any die or mark ; or
( b) removes any mark from an article of precious metal
with intent to transpose it to any other article
( whether of precious metal or not ) or affixes to any
article (whether of precious metal or not ) any mark
which has been removed from an article of precious
metal ; or
( c) utters any counterfeit of a die or any article bearing a
counterfeit of a mark ; or
(d ) without lawful authority or excuse, has in his custody
or under his control anything which is, and which he
knows or believes to be, a counterfeit of a die or an
article (whether of precious metal or not ) which bears
a counterfeit of any mark,
c . 43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1271
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £ 400, or on conviction on indictment to a
fine or imprisonment for a term not exceeding ten years .
( 2 ) In subsection (1) above-
" die " means the whole or part of any plate, tool or instru-
ment by means whereof any mark of the nature of a
sponsor's mark or a hallmark is struck on any metal ;
and
" mark " means any mark of the nature of a sponsor's mark
or hallmark.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above, a person utters
any counterfeit die or article bearing a counterfeit of a mark if,
knowing or believing the die or mark, as the case may be, to be
a counterfeit, he supplies, offers to supply, or delivers the die or
article.
( 4 ) Sections 5(4) (b) , 8 (2) (a) and 16(2)( d ) of the Forgery Act 1913 c. 27.
1913 , and so much of section 6 of that Act as relates to any die
used for the marking or stamping of gold or silver plate, or gold
or silver wares, shall cease to have effect.
7.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) of this section, an assay Treatment by
office may at their discretion cancel, or obliterate any mark of assay offices of
the character of a hallmark ( whether appearing to be an approved unauthorised
hallmark or to be a mark which in the opinion of the assay office marks.
is likely to be confused with such a hallmark ) which an article
coming into their custody or possession bears and which the assay
office are satisfied-
( a ) has not been struck thereon by an assay office according
to law ; or
(b ) is not a true description because the article appears to
have been the subject of an improper alteration .
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, an assay office
shall not, otherwise than by leave of the owner or other person
appearing to have the control of any article, obliterate any
ancient mark but shall cancel the same in a manner authorised
under subsection ( 3) of this section.
( 3) The Council may issue directions to assay offices as to
the manner in which an ancient mark may be cancelled under
the last foregoing subsection.
( 4 ) If it be proved that an assay office have-
( a) cancelled, or obliterated any mark (as described in
subsection ( 1) of this section), which has been struck
by an assay office according to law on an article which
has not been the subject of an improper alteration ; or
c.43
1272 Hallmarking Act 1973
Offences.
Enforcement
ofAct.
(b) obliterated any ancient mark upon an article,
the assay office ( but not any other person) shall be liable in
damages to any person interested in the article.
( 5 ) In any action brought against an assay office in pursuance
of subsection ( 4 ) of this section it shall be a defence for them to
prove that they had reasonable cause to believe that the circum-
stances specified respectively in paragraphs (a) or (b) of that
subsection did not exist.
(6) It shall be an offence for any person knowingly or any
dealer to supply or offer to supply any article bearing any mark
of the character of a hallmark and which under subsection ( 1 )
of this section may, if the article is in the possession of an assay
office, be cancelled, obliterated or defaced, unless the article
has been first submitted to an assay office to enable them at
their discretion so to cancel, obliterate or deface that mark.
( 7) In this section " ancient mark " means a mark of the
character of a hallmark appearing to an assay office to have
been struck or incorporated before 22nd December 1854
( whether or not by an assay office according to law at the time
of its marking or incorporation) upon or into an article which
has not since been the subject of any improper alteration.
8. The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to offences under this Act.
9.- ( 1) It shall be the duty of every local weights and
measures authority to enforce the provisions of this Act within
their area ; and section 26 of the Act of 1968 (enforcing authori-
rities) shall apply in relation to the enforcement of this Act, by
such an authority, as it applies in relation to the enforcement of
thatAct.
( 2) The Council and the assay offices may also enforce the
provisions of this Act.
(3) Subject to subsection (7) below, the following provisions
of the Act of 1968 shall apply in relation to the enforcement of
this Act as they apply in relation to the enforcement of the Act
of 1968 , that is to say-
section 27 (power to make test purchases) ;
section 28 (power to enter premises and inspect and seize
goods and documents) ;
section 29 (obstruction of authorised officers) ;
section 30 (notice of test and intended prosecution) ;
section 31 ( evidence by certificate) ; and
section 33 (compensation for loss, etc. of goods seized) .
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1273
( 4) Any reference, in the provisions of the Act of 1968
mentioned in subsection (3) above ( other than those of sub-
sections (2) to (4) of the said section 30), to a local weights and
measures authority and a duly authorised officer of such an
authority shall be construed, in relation to the enforcement of
this Act, as including respectively a reference to the Council and
an assay office and a duly authorised officer of the Council and
of an assay office .
( 5) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising the
Council or an assay office to institute proceedings in Scotland
for an offence.
(6) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply in relation to the
enforcement of this Act in Northern Ireland but, in addition to
the power given by subsection (2) above, it shall be the duty of
the Ministry of Commerce for Northern Ireland to enforce this
Act in Northern Ireland.
( 7) For the purposes of the enforcement of this Act in Northern
Ireland by the said Ministry, sections 27 to 29 and 33 of the Act
of 1968 shall apply as if for references to a local weights and
measures authority and any officer of such an authority there
were substituted respectively references to the Ministry and any
of its officers.
10.-( 1 ) Upon the conviction of any person of an offence Treatment
under this Act the court may order any article the subject of the of articles
proceedings to be delivered to an assay office who (subject following
to the order ) may exercise the like powers under this Act in convictions .
relation to the article as if it had been submitted to them for
hallmarking.
( 2) Any article delivered to an assay office pursuant to such
an order as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall
be returned to the person entitled thereto .
11.-( 1 ) Any dealer shall keep exhibited at all times, in a Dealers to
conspicuous position in a part of his premises to which those exhibit
with whom he deals are commonly admitted, a notice in terms hallmarks.
notices as to
approved and in a form supplied by the Council describing such
approved hallmarks and including such explanatory matter as
the Council think fit ; and it shall be an offence for any dealer
to fail to exhibit or keep exhibited a notice required to be
exhibited under this subsection .
( 2 ) The Council may make a reasonable charge for the
supply of any copy of a notice required to be exhibited under
this section.
c .43
1274 Hallmarking Act 1973
Charges for
12.-( 1 ) Every assay office shall have power to make charges
assaying and hallmarking,
for assaying and hallmarking articles of precious metals not
exceeding (in the case of articles manufactured in, or intended
etc.
for sale or supply in, the United Kingdom) such charges as
are for the time being directed in writing by the Council :
Provided that the Secretary of State may from time to time
give to the Council and to assay offices such directions as he
considers expedient in relation to charges made under this
subsection.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 1) of this section, every assay office
shall have power to make for services and facilities provided
by them such charges as they from time to time think fit.
TheBritish
Hallmarking Council. 13.-( 1 ) ( a) There shall be constituted a body, to be called
the British Hallmarking Council, who shall be charged with the
duty of ensuring that adequate facilities for the assaying and
hallmarking of articles of precious metal are available as from
time to time required in the United Kingdom, of supervising
the activities of assay offices in that behalf, of taking all steps
appearing to be open to them for ensuring the enforcement of
the law with respect to hallmarking and of advising the Secretary
of State with respect to all matters concerning the due execution
of this Act including any matter which may be referred to the
Council by the Secretary of State.
( b) The Council shall come into existence on 1st January
1974 and on and after 1st January 1975 shall perform the
functions assigned to them by or under this Act.
( c ) Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the Council.
( 2) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, the
Council shall, in addition to the functions specifically conferred
on them by or under any other provisions of this Act, have the
following functions-
( a) to advise the Secretary of State as they think fit with
respect to the making of orders and regulations under
this Act, and with respect to the amendment of the
law as it affects, whether directly or indirectly, the
hallmarking of articles of precious metal, including
advice as to the application of some or all of the
provisions of this Act to any metal other than gold,
silver and platinum ;
( b) subject to any directions in that behalf given by the
Secretary of State, to fix the maximum charges for the
time being to be charged by assay offices for assaying
and hallmarking articles of precious metal manufac-
tured in or intended for sale in the United Kingdom ;
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1275
(c) to advise the Secretary of State upon any need appear-
ing to the Council from time to time for the establish-
ment of any further assay office or for the closure of
any assay office or for their amalgamation with another
assay office ;
(d ) to assist, by the provision of such technical and other
services of the Council as may be available, all authori-
ties and persons concerned in the enforcement of this
Act, to appoint such officers as the Council consider
appropriate to act as inspectors and otherwise for the
detecting of offences and enforcing this Act by or on
behalf of the Council, and, otherwise than in Scotland,
to institute proceedings in that behalf ;
(e) to authorise any assay office to carry on their business
in whole or in part (subject to any conditions which
may be specified by the Council in so authorising)
in such place as may be specified by the Council
additional to the place at which the assay office are
otherwise authorised ;
( f ) to make temporary or permanent arrangements by
directions , or to authorise the making of such arrange-
ments between assay offices , whereby (notwithstanding
anything in any enactment) facilities specified in any
case by the Council need not be afforded at an assay
office but are afforded at another or others ;
( g) to issue directions or regulations to all assay offices
or, as the case may require, to any assay office in
particular, as to the equipment and procedures to be
provided and adopted by them in the assaying and
hallmarking of precious metals and as to all other
matters upon which such directions or regulations may
be issued by the Council under the provisions of this
Act; and
( h) subject to such provisions of this Act as confer powers
in particular on the Council, to do anything which in
their opinion is calculated to facilitate the proper
discharge of any or all of their functions.
( 3) It shall be the duty of an assay office to comply with
directions and regulations issued by the Council pursuant to
paragraph (f ) or paragraph (g) of subsection (2) of this section :
Provided that any assay office who are aggrieved by any such
direction or regulation may make written representation in
that behalf to the Secretary of State who may determine all
issues which may be raised upon any such representation ; and
it shall be the duty of the Council to comply with any determina-
tion so made by the Secretary of State.
( 4) All directions, regulations, authorities, notices or other
instruments given or made by the Council under or in pursuance
c .43
1276 Hallmarking Act 1973
of any provision of this Act shall be in writing and may be so
given or made under the hand of the secretary or other officer
of the Council authorised in that behalf.
Power to
alter, etc. , constitution
ofCouncil.
14.-( 1) If the Council consider, after consulting all the
assay offices , that having regard to-
( a) the establishment of a new assay office, the dissolution
of any assay office or their amalgamation with another
assay office ; or
( b ) other substantial changes which have taken place or
are to take place in the functions, administration or
activities of any assay office ; or
( c ) any other considerations (whether or not of a like
character to those above-mentioned) appearing to the
Council sufficient,
any or all of the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act are no
longer appropriate and that alterations, additions or omissions
thereto or therefrom should be made, the Council may make
representation in that behalf to the Secretary of State, specifying
the alterations , additions or omissions to or from the said
Schedule which they consider should be made.
( 2) If the Secretary of State agrees with any representation
so made to him, or if , having regard to the matters mentioned
in the foregoing subsection, he considers it expedient to do so
after consultation with the Council and despite the absence
of any such representation, he may, subject to subsection ( 3)
of this section, by order provide that there be made such
alterations, additions or omissions to or from the said Schedule
( whether or not the same as those specified in a representation
where one has been made to him) as may be specified in the
order.
( 3) An order made under this section may contain such
transitional, incidental and supplementary provisions (including
in a case falling within paragraph ( a) or paragraph ( b) of sub-
section ( 1) of this section provision for the winding up of any
existing assay office and for the repeal of any local statutory
provision relating to that assay office) as the Secretary of State
considers expedient.
Functions of
15.-(1 ) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have
assay offices, effect with respect to the powers and duties of assay offices.
etc. ( 2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 7 of and of
Schedule 5 to this Act, nothing contained in this Act shall render
any assay office liable as respects any damage caused by them to
any article in the reasonable exercise or (as the case may be)
discharge of any of the powers and duties conferred or imposed
upon them by this Act.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1277
16.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may at any time by order- Orders
( a ) on the application of the Council, provide for the constituting ,
dissolving,
constitution of an assay office at such place as may be etc., or
specified in the order ; or
conferring
(b) on the application of the Council, provide for the powerson
closure and dissolution of any assay office or their assay offices.
amalgamation with another assay office ; or
( c ) on the application of an assay office, confer, vary or
abolish duties or powers imposed or conferred on the
assay office under any local statutory provision affect-
ing their undertaking and for that purpose repeal or
amend any such provision.
(2) The Secretary of State may, without such application to
him as aforesaid, if he thinks fit and after consultation with the
Council and any assay office appearing to him to be concerned,
make an order for any of the purposes mentioned in subsection
(1) of this section.
(3) Any order made under this section may contain such
incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as the
Secretary of State thinks necessary or expedient for the purposes
of the order, including provisions for the amendment, adapta-
tion or repeal of any local statutory provision.
( 4 ) The provisions of Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act shall
have effect with respect to orders under subsection (1) of this
section upon application therefor to the Secretary of State ; and
the provisions of the said Part I shall, subject to the modifica-
tions specified in Part II of the said Schedule, have effect with
respect to orders under subsection (2) of this section by the
Secretary of State without such application being made to him.
17.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may at any time by order, Application
either on the application of the Council or, if the Secretary of ofAct to
State thinks fit, of his own volition after consultation with the other metals by
Council, apply the provisions of this Act ( or such of them as order.
may be specified in any such order) to any other metal
than gold, silver and platinum and subject to such amendments
and adaptations as in the order may be specified.
( 2) Any order made under this section may contain such
incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as the
Secretary of State thinks necessary or expedient for the purposes
of the order, including provisions applying, extending, excluding
or amending, or repealing or revoking, with or without savings ,
any provisions of this Act or an instrument under this Act.
18.- (1) Any local statutory provision which is inconsistent Local Acts and
with any provision of this Act shall cease to have effect. instruments.
1278 Hallmarktng Act 1973
c .43
Reports and
accounts.
Local
inquiries.
1972 с. 70.
( 2) The Secretary of State may on the application of an assay
office, or, if he thinks fit, of his own volition, but in either case
subject to the provisions of this section, by order repeal or
amend any local statutory provision where it appears to him
that that provision is inconsistent with, or has become unneces-
sary in consequence of, any provision of this Act.
( 3) Before making an order under this section the Secretary of
State shall consult with any person or body representative of
persons who appear to him to be concerned.
( 4) An order under this section may contain such transitional,
supplemental or incidental provisions as appear to the Secretary
of State to be expedient.
19.-( 1 ) The Council shall, as soon as practicable after 31st
December in each year, make to the Secretary of State a report
on the performance by them of their functions during the period
of twelve months ending with that date .
( 2) The report of the Council for any period under the last
preceding subsection shall include a record of all questions with
which the Council have been concerned during that period and
which appear to the Council to be of general interest.
( 3) As soon as the accounts of the Council have been audited,
the Council shall send a copy of the accounts to the Secretary
of State ; and a copy of the accounts shall be kept at the office
of the Council and any person interested shall be entitled, free
of charge, to inspect and to take copies of, or extracts from, the
copy of the accounts.
( 4) Any person, on application to the Council, shall be entitled
to be furnished with copies of reports of the Council under this
section and of statements summarising the accounts of the
Council, on payment of such reasonable sums as the Council
may determine.
20.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry
to be held in connection with the discharge of any of his func-
tions under this Act or in any case where it appears to the
Secretary of State to be expedient to do so in connection with
any matter arising under this Act or otherwise in connection
with any of the functions of assay offices or the Council, and-
( a) in relation to any inquiry held in England or Wales ,
subsections ( 2) to ( 5) of section 250 of the Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 (evidence and costs at local inquiries ) ,
but subsection (4) (costs of department) only in a case
where the Secretary of State so directs, shall apply as if
the inquiry were held in pursuance of subsection ( 1)
of that section ;
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1279
( b) in relation to any inquiry held in Scotland, subsections
( 2 ) to ( 9) of section 355 of the Local Government 1947 c. 43.
( Scotland ) Act 1947 (provisions as to local inquiries )
shall apply as if the inquiry were held in pursuance
ofsubsection (1) of that section ; and
( c ) in relation to any inquiry held in Northern Ireland,
section 23 of the Interpretation Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1954 с. 33.
1954 (inquiries and investigations ) shall apply as if this (N.I.).
Act were an enactment, and the Secretary of State were
a Minister, within the meaning of that Act.
( 2) The person appointed to hold an inquiry under the preced-
ing subsection shall report the results thereof in writing to the
Secretary of State, who shall publish the report together with
such observations, if any, as he thinks fit to make thereon.
21.-( 1) The Secretary of State may make regulations under Regulations
this Act for any purpose for which regulations are authorised and orders.
or required to be made by him under this Act.
( 2) Any such power to make regulations under this Act shall
be exercisable by statutory instrument ; and any instrument con-
taining any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order shall
include a power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent
order.
( 4 ) Any power to make orders under this Act shall be exer-
cisable by statutory instrument.
( 5) An order shall not be made under section 17 of this Act
unless a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution
of each House of Parliament.
( 6 ) Any statutory instrument containing an order under
section 14 of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
22.-( 1 ) In this Act, unless the subject or context otherwise Interpretation.
requires-
" the Act of 1968 " means the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 c. 29.
1968 ;
" approved hallmarks " has the meaning given by section
2 of this Act.;
" assay office " means (subject to subsection (2) of this
section ) each of the following bodies-
The Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of
Goldsmiths of the City of London (in this Act re-
ferred to as " the London Assay Office ") ;
c .43
1280 Hallmarking Act 1973
The Incorporation of Goldsmiths of the City of
Edinburgh (in this Act referred to as "
the Edinburgh
Assay Office ") ;
The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate
in Birmingham (in this Act referred to as " the Birm-
ingham Assay Office ") ;
The Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate
within the town of Sheffield (in this Act referred to
as " the Sheffield Assay Office ") ;
and any other body duly authorised under any enact-
ment, order, charter or franchise for the assaying and
hallmarking of precious metals, and includes-
( a ) a body for the time being established under
section 16( 1)(a) of this Act, and
( b) (where the context so admits) a body which,
whilst it has been so authorised at any time before
or after the passing of this Act, has since being so
authorised been dissolved or has ceased business in
such assaying and hallmarking ;
" convention hallmark " has the meaning given by section
2 of this Act :
" the Council " means the British Hallmarking Council con-
stituted under section 13 of this Act ;
" dealer " means a person engaged in the business of
making, supplying, selling (including selling by auction)
or exchanging articles of precious metal or in other
dealings in such articles ;
" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland, and (without prejudice to subsection
( 3) of this section ) any reference in this Act to an
enactment shall include a reference to any enactment
re-enacting it with or without modifications ;
" fineness " in relation to any precious metal means the
number of parts by weight of that fine metal in one
thousand parts by weight of alloy; " standard of
fineness " means any one of the standards of fineness
specified in column ( 2 ) of paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to
this Act and reference to an article as being of one of
those standards means that the article is of a fineness
in all its parts of not less than that standard ; and
" minimum fineness " in relation to any precious metal
means the lowest standard of fineness therefor so
specified, namely, for gold the standard of 375, for
silver the standard of 925, and for platinum the standard
of950 ;
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1281
" functions " includes powers and duties ;
66 improper alteration " has the meaning given by section
2 of this Act ;
" local statutory provision " means a provision of a lecal
Act (including an Act confirming a provisional order) ,
or a provision of a public general Act passed with
respect only to any particular locality, or a provision
of an instrument made under any such local or public
general Act or of an instrument in the nature of a
local enactment made under any other Act, or a pro-
vision of a charter or franchise ;
66 "
new ware means
(a ) any article which is a substantially complete
manufacture and which has not as such been
supplied on a sale by retail ; and
(b) any article which has been the subject of any
improper alteration ;
" precious metal " in relation to any article means gold,
silver or platinum, or any other metal to which by an
order under section 17 of this Act the provisions of this
Act are applied ;
" sponsor's mark " means-
( a) a sponsor's mark applied under section 3 of
this Act, or under the corresponding provisions of
the law in force in the United Kingdom before
section 3 of this Act came into force ; or
(b) a mark designated by order of the Secretary of
State-
(i) as a mark recognised pursuant to any inter-
national convention or treaty to which Her
Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom is a party ; and
(ii) as a sponsor's mark for the purposes of
this Act.
" unhallmarked " has the meaning given by section 2( 4) of
this Act.
( 2) References in this Act to an assay office shall, as respects
an assay office who are engaged in the business of an assay
office and who carry on any other activity, include reference
to so much only of the undertaking of that assay office as
relates wholly to their business as such an assay office and as
may be certified in that behalf by that assay office.
(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be con-
strued as references to that enactment as amended or extended
by or under any other enactment including this Act.
Part II S
c . 43
1282 Hallmarking Act 1973
Repeals.
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
1920 с. 67.
23. The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
24.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Hallmarking Act 1973 .
(2 ) Section 13 of and Schedule 4 to this Act shall come into
operation on 1st January 1974 and the remainder of this Act
shall come into operation on 1st January 1975 .
( 3) This Act extends to Northern Ireland and, so far as it
relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of
Northern Ireland has powers to make laws, shall be deemed for
the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920
to have been passed before the day appointed for the purposes
of that section.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1283
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
UNHALLMARKED ARTICLES
PART I
PERMISSIBLE DESCRIPTIONS
1 .- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph-
( a ) " gold" is permissible if qualified by the word " plated " or
" rolled" ;
(b) " silver " is permissible if qualified by the word " plated " ;
( c ) " platinum " is permissible if qualified by the word " plated ".
( 2) If the description is in writing the lettering of " plated
or
" rolled " is to be at least as large as any other lettering in the
description.
( 3) This paragraph does not apply if the description is false or is
applied to an article for which the description is inappropriate.
2. Adescription is permissible if it is implicitly or in express terms
confined to the colour of the article.
Section 1.
PART II
EXEMPTED ARTICLES
1. An article which is intended for despatch to a destination
outside the United Kingdom.
2. An article which is outside the United Kingdom, or which is in
course of consignment from outside the United Kingdom to an assay
office in the United Kingdom.
3. Any coin which is, or was formerly at any time, current coin
of the United Kingdom or any other territory.
4. Any article which has been used, or is intended to be used, for
medical, dental, veterinary, scientific or industrial purposes .
5. Any battered article of gold, silver or platinum fit only to be
remanufactured.
6. Any article of gold or silver thread.
7. Any raw material (including any bar, plate, sheet, foil, rod,
wire, strip or tube) or bullion.
8. Any manufactured article which is not substantially complete,
and which is intended for further manufacture .
9. Any article which is wholly or mainly of platinum, and which
was manufactured before 1st January 1975.
Part II S2
c.43
1284 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 1 Articles exempt if of minimum fineness
10. Any article-
( a) which is of gold assaying in all its gold parts not less than
375 parts per thousand, or
( b ) which is of silver assaying in all its silver parts not less than
800 parts per thousand,
and which in either case was manufactured before the year 1900
and has not since the beginning of the year 1900 been the subject
of any alteration which would be an improper alteration if it had
previously borne approved hallmarks.
11. Any musical instrument, where the description is applied to the
mouthpiece, and the mouthpiece is of minimum fineness.
12. Any article which is of minimum fineness and the weight
of which is less than that specified in the following table-
gold
...
.. ... 1 gram.
silver
...
5 grams.
platinum
0.5 gram.
:
13. Any article which is of minimum fineness and which is so small
or thin that it cannot be hallmarked.
14. Any article which is of minimum fineness and which is
imported temporarily (whether as a trade sample, or as intended for
exhibition or otherwise) and for the time being remains under the
control of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.
Existing exemptions
15. The following articles of gold, if manufactured before 1st
January 1975, and (except in the case of articles mentioned in sub-
paragraph (d ) below ) of minimum fineness-
( a) rings, except wedding rings, pencil cases, lockets, watch
chains and thimbles,
(b) articles consisting entirely of filigree work,
( c ) articles so heavily engraved or set with stones that it is
impossible to mark them without damage,
( d ) jewellers works, that is the actual setting only in which
stones or other jewels are set, and jointed sleeper earrings.
16.- (1 ) Subject to the exceptions below, the following articles of
silver, if manufactured before 1st January 1975, and (except in the
case of articles mentioned in paragraph (e ) below ) of minimum
fineness :
( a) lockets, watch chains and stamped medals ,
( b ) mounts the weight of which is less than 15.55 grams. ,
(c ) articles consisting entirely of filigree work,
( d ) silver articles the weight of which is less than 7.78 grams. ,
(e) jewellers works, that is the actual setting only in which stones
or other jewels are set.
c . 43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1285
( 2 ) The following articles are not exempt under sub-paragraph
( 1 ) above-
( a ) necks and collars for bottles on cruet stands,
(b) buttons and studs, seals, wine labels, shoe clasps, buckles,
or patch boxes,
( c ) salt spoons, shovels or ladles, teaspoons, tea strainers, caddy
ladles or spoons,
( d ) ornaments for cabinets, knife cases, tea caddies, bridles,
stands or frames.
17. Articles of gold or silver manufactured before 1st January
1975, other than articles mentioned in paragraphs 15 or 16 above,
and being of such descriptions as, under any enactment in force
immediately before the passing of this Act, to be specifically exempt
from hallmarking.
Articles manufactured before a given date
18. Where under this Part of this Schedule an exemption depends
on the date of manufacture, or the date of any alteration, the manu-
facture or alteration shall be presumed to be after that date until
the contrary is proved.
SCH. 1
PART III
USE OF THE WORDS ' CARATS ', ' STERLING ' AND ' BRITANNIA '
1. This Part of this Schedule applies for the purposes of section
1 of this Act, this Schedule and the Act of 1968 .
2.- (1 ) A description indicating that an article, or the metal in an
article, is of so many carats is to be presumed to be an indication that
the article or metal is of gold, and that its fineness is that specified
in the following table for that number of carats.
( 2) This paragraph shall not apply if ( as in a case where the
article is a precious stone ) the word ' carat ' is used as a measure
of weight for precious stones, and not as a measure of fineness.
TABLE
indicates gold of a
Number of carats standard offineness of
9 375 parts per thousand
12 500 parts per thousand
14 585 parts per thousand
15 625 parts per thousand
18 750 parts per thousand
22... 916.6 parts per thousand
and so in proportion for any other number of carats .
3.- (1) A description of an article, or of the metal in an article,
as " sterling " or (except in the phrase ' Britannia metal ' )
" Britannia " is to be presumed to be an indication that the article,
or the metal, is of silver.
Part II S3
1286 Hallmarking Act 1973
c. 43
SCH. 1 ( 2 ) If " sterling " is the word used, the description is to be pre-
sumed to be an indication that the silver is of a standard of fineness
of925.
( 3) If the word used is " Britannia " the description is to be pre-
sumed to be an indication that the silver is of a standard of fineness
of958-4.
PART IV
POWER TO AMEND
1.- (1) The Secretary of State may by order-
( a ) prescribe any cases or circumstances in which subsection
(1 ) of section 1 of this Act is, or is not, to apply, and
(b ) add to, amend or repeal all or any of the provisions of
Part I, Part II or Part III of this Schedule, and
( c ) make any consequential amendments in section 1 of this Act.
( 2) An order under this paragraph-
( a ) may contain such supplemental or incidental provisions as
appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient or neces-
sary, and
( b ) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament ' .
Section4.
SCHEDULE 2
APPROVED HALLMARKS
PART I
ARTICLES COMPRISED OF A SINGLE PRECIOUS METAL
1. Assay office mark
Assay office
( 1 )
London...
Edinburgh Acastle....
...
Birmingham Ananchor.
Sheffield Arose....
Articles made in
the United
Kingdom
( 2 )
Other Articles
( 3 )
A leopard's head. The sign of the constellation
Leo.
Saint Andrew's Cross .
... Anequilateral triangle.
... ... The sign of the constellation
Libra.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1287
2. Standard mark SCH. 2
Precious Standard
Articles made in the
Other
metal of fineness
United Kingdom
articles
( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
Gold 375
... Acrownandthe figures 375. The figures 375.
Gold 585
... Acrown and the figures 585. The figures 585.
Gold 750
... Acrown and the figures 750. The figures 750.
Gold
... 916.6 Acrown and the figures 916. The figures 916.
Silver
925
... Alion passant. The figures 925.
In the case of the Edinburgh
Assay Office, the mark
is a lion rampant instead
of a lion passant.
Silver ... 958-4 The figure of Britannia. The figures 958.
Platinum 950
An orb surmounted by a The figures 950.
...
cross.
3. Date letter
Such distinct variable letter of the alphabet to denote the year in
which the article is marked as may be for the time being directed in
writing by the Council.
PART II
ARTICLES COMPRISED OF TWO OR MORE PRECIOUS METALS
4. An article comprised of two or more precious metals shall be
hallmarked only if-
(1) it is of a description specified in one or other of the follow-
ing sub-paragraphs ; and
( 2) it complies with paragraph 5 of this Schedule,
and shall be hallmarked only in the manner specified for an article
of that description-
( a ) where gold parts exceed 50 per cent. by weight of a whole
article, which also contains platinum but not silver parts, the
gold parts shall be hallmarked as if they comprised a
separate article ;
(b ) where silver parts exceed 50 per cent. by weight of a whole
article which also contains gold or platinum parts or both
such parts, the silver parts shall be hallmarked as if they
comprised a separate article ;
( c ) where any small working parts (which for technical reasons
cannot be made of the same standard of fineness or of the
same precious metal as the remainder of the article ) form
part of an article of which the remainder is of a higher
standard of fineness or of a more precious metal, the part
which is of the higher standard of fineness or ( as the case
may be) of the more precious metal shall be hallmarked as
if it comprised a separate article and the parts which are of
the lower standard of fineness or of the less precious metal
Part II S4
c.43
1288 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 2 shall be struck only with the standard mark for the metal
of which those parts are made.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph platinum shall be
deemed more precious than gold or silver and gold be
deemed more precious than silver ; and more precious "
and " less precious " shall be construed accordingly ;
( d ) where any article of silver is coated in whole or in part
with gold, the article shall be hallmarked as if it were
comprised only of silver ; and
(e) where any article of gold, silver or platinum is coated in
whole or in part with rhodium, the article shall be hall-
marked as if it were comprised only of gold, silver or
platinum ( as the case may be) ;
and in relation to any article of the description of sub-paragraphs
( a ) or ( b ) of this paragraph the precious metal of the part of the
article which is not ( in terms of sub-paragraph ( a ) ) of gold or not (in
terms of sub-paragraph (b)) of silver may, at the discretion of the
assay office, be marked only with the standard mark.
5. The parts of platinum, of gold or platinum, of less precious
metal and the gold coating referred to respectively in sub-paragraphs
( a ), ( b ), ( c ) and (d ) of the last foregoing paragraph shall each be of a
standard of fineness not less than the minimum fineness for that
metal mentioned in column ( 2 ) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule.
PART III
ARTICLES COMPRISED OF PRECIOUS METAL AND OTHER MATERIALS
6. An article comprised of precious metal and one or more other
materials ( in this paragraph referred to as " other materials ") shall
be hallmarked as if the precious metal were comprised in a separate
article if, but only if , it complies with one or other of the following
sub - paragraphs-
(a ) where the other materials include base metal, the article shall
be hallmarked only if the use of the base metal in the
manufacture of the article is authorised by regulations
made by the Council ( or, in relation to any single article,
is approved by the Council)
(i ) as being reasonably required to fulfil the purpose
for which the article is designed to be used; and
(ii ) as satisfying the requirement that the part com-
posed of base metal should be clearly distinguishable
in appearance ( either by the colour of that part or by
having struck thereon the word " metal " in manner
consonant with any regulations made by the Council)
from any part which is of precious metal of minimum
fineness.
( b ) where the other materials do not include base metal, the
article shall be hallmarked only on the precious metal part
thereof and only if-
(i) those materials are clearly distinguishable from
any part of the article which is of precious metal and
Hallmarking Act 1973 1289
c .43
they are not plated or of a colour to resemble any
precious metal and their extent is clearly visible, or
(ii ) in respect of any article wherein the other materials
are wholly or mainly enclosed by precious metal, the
article has been so manufactured as to be capable of being
hallmarked before it is filled and (except in the case of a
handle to a knife, fork or spoon where the quantity of
filling in the handle is not more than is necessary for
joining ) there has been struck thereon the word " filled "
in manner consonant with any regulations made by the
Council.
In this paragraph " base metal " means any metal other than gold,
silver or platinum of at least the minimum fineness therefor.
PART IV
GENERAL
7. Each of the marks comprising the approved hallmarks shall
be enclosed by such shield or other border as the Council may (if
they see fit ) for the time being specify by directions to the assay
offices.
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
Section 8.
PROVISIONS AS TO OFFENCES
Penalties for offences
1. A person guilty of an offence under this Act for which no
other penalty is specified shall be liable-
(a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 ; and
(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or imprisonment
for a term not exceeding two years or both.
Time limit for prosecutions
2.- (1) No prosecution for an offence under this Act shall be
commenced after the expiration of three years from the com-
mission of the offence or one year from its discovery by the
prosecutor whichever is the earlier.
( 2 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magistrates' 1952 c. 55.
Courts Act 1952, a magistrates ' court may try an information
for an offence under this Act if the information was laid at any
time within twelve months from the commission of the offence.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in section 23 of the Summary Juris- 1954 с. 48.
diction (Scotland ) Act 1954 (limitation of time for proceedings in
statutory offences) summary proceedings in Scotland for an offence
under this Act may be commenced at any time within twelve months
from the time when the offence was committed, and subsection ( 2) of
the said section 23 shall apply for the purposes of this sub-paragraph
as it applies for the purposes of that section.
c .43
1290 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 3
1952 с. 55.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraph (2) above shall apply to Northern Ireland as if
for the references to section 104 of the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952 and the trial and laying of an information there were sub-
stituted respectively references to section 34 of the Magistrates'
1964 с. 21 .
Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 and the hearing and determination
( N.I.) . and making of a complaint.
( 5 ) Sub-paragraphs (2 ) and ( 3) above do not apply where-
(a ) the offence was one under section 1(1)(a) of this Act and was
committed by the making of an oral statement ; or
( b) the offence was one under section 1(1)( b) of this Act and-
(i ) the description was applied by an oral statement ;
or
(ii) the description is deemed to have been applied to
the article concerned by virtue of subsection (7 )(b) of the
said section 1 and the article was supplied in pursuance
of an oral request .
Offences by corporations
3.- (1 ) Where an offence under this Act which has been com-
mitted by a body corporate is proved to have been committed
with the consent and connivance of, or to be attributable to any
neglect on the part of , any director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body
corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be
proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 2) In this paragraph " director " in relation to any body corporate
established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying
on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry
or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed
by the members thereof, means a member of that body corporate.
Offences due to fault of other person
4. Where the commission by any person of an offence under this
Act is due to the act or default of some other person that other
person shall be guilty of the offence, and a person may be charged
with and convicted of the offence by virtue of this paragraph whether
or not proceedings are taken against the first -mentioned person.
Innocent publication of advertisement
5. In proceedings for an offence under this Act committed by the
publication of an advertisement it shall be a defence for the person
charged to prove that he is a person whose business it is to publish
or arrange for the publication of advertisements and that he received
the advertisement for publication in the ordinary course of business
and did not know and had no reason to suspect that its publication
would amount to an offence under this Act.
Defence in proceedings under section 1
6. In any proceedings for an offence under section 1 of this
Act, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that-
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1291
(a ) in reliance on information supplied by another person,
he believed that the article concerned was one which
was exempt from hallmarking by virtue of Part II of
Schedule 1 to this Act ; and
( b ) that he could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained
that it was not such an article .
SCHEDULE 4
THE BRITISH HALLMARKING COUNCIL
Constitution
1. The Council shall consist of not less than sixteen nor more than
nineteen members.
2.- (1) Ten of the members of the Council shall be appointed by
the Secretary of State.
( 2 ) Three of the members appointed by the Secretary of State shall
be persons appearing to him to be suitably qualified by virtue of
their knowledge of, and experience in, organisations established, or
activities carried on, for the protection of the consumer.
( 3) Four of the members appointed by the Secretary of State, but
not more than four, shall be persons appearing to him to be suitably
qualified by virtue of their engagement wholly or mainly in trading
in, or manufacture of, articles of precious metal .
( 4 ) Before making any appointment under sub-paragraph (3) of
this paragraph the Secretary of State shall consult the assay offices
and such bodies representing persons engaged wholly or mainly in
trading in, or manufacture of, articles of precious metal as he thinks
appropriate .
3. (1) Six of the members of the Council shall be appointed by
the assay offices as follows, that is to say-
( a ) two of those members shall be appointed by the London
Assay Office ;
( b) one of those members shall be appointed by the Edinburgh
Assay Office ;
( c ) two of those members shall be appointed by the Birmingham
Assay Office ; and
(d ) one of those members shall be appointed by the Sheffield
Assay Office.
( 2) Any person appointed under this paragraph shall be a person
appearing to the assay office appointing him to be suitably qualified
by virtue of his knowledge and experience of hallmarking.
( 3) A person engaged wholly or mainly in trading in , or in
articles manufactured of, precious metal shall not be appointed under
this paragraph.
4. Members shall be appointed under the preceding provisions of
this Schedule to take office on 1st January in the year 1974, and in
each third succeeding year, and members so appointed shall hold
office for a term of three years .
SCH. 3
Section 13.
c .43
1292 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 4 5.- (1) Not more than two members of the Council may be persons
appointed by the Council as co-opted members.
( 2) A co-opted member shall hold office in accordance with the
terms of his appointment.
6. A person wholly or mainly employed by an assay office, other
than the clerk to an assay office, shall not be eligible for membership
of the Council .
7. The first meeting of the Council shall be held on such day and
at such time and place as may be appointed by the Clerk to
the Birmingham Assay Office and the said Clerk shall make arrange-
ments for notice of the meeting to be sent by post to each member
of the Council not less than fourteen days before the day so
appointed.
8.- (1) A member of the Council may at any time, by notice in
writing to the secretary of the Council, resign his office.
( 2) When a member of the Council other than a co-opted member
ceases to hold office otherwise than upon expiration of his period of
office, his place shall be taken by a person appointed in the same
manner as the member in question.
( 3) Aperson taking office by virtue of sub-paragraph (2) above shall
retire when the person whose place he takes would normally have
retired .
9.- (1 ) The Council shall elect a person to serve as chairman from
among the members of the Council and notice of his election shall,
as soon as is reasonably practicable, be given in writing to the
Secretary of State by the secretary or other person for the time being
authorised by the Council in that behalf.
( 2 ) The chairman of the Council shall hold office as such until
the expiration of the period of his office as a member current at his
election as chairman or until he resigns office as chairman or until
he ceases to be a member of the Council, whichever first occurs .
( 3) If any member appointed by an assay office is elected as
chairman of the Council, paragraph 8( 2 ) of this Schedule shall have
effect as if that member had ceased to hold office otherwise than upon
the expiration of his period of office.
10. Aperson retiring from or resigning office as the chairman or as
amember of the Council shall be eligible to hold that office again.
11. The powers of the Council or any committee thereof may be
exercised notwithstanding any vacancy in its membership, and no
proceedings of such a body shall be invalidated by any defect in
the selection of a person to be a member of that body.
12. Questions arising at any meeting of the Council or of any
committee thereof shall be determined by a majority of votes of the
members present in person or by proxy :
Provided that in the event of an equality of votes the chairman,
or in his absence the person acting as chairman, shall have a second
or casting vote.
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1293
13. The chief executive of an assay office and any other employee
authorised by them in that behalf may attend and speak at meetings
of the Council .
14.- ( 1 ) The Council may in any standing orders made by them
pursuant to paragraph 16 of this Schedule make such provision
as they think fit as to the giving of votes by proxy at meetings of
the Council, including provision as to the form of appointment of
any proxy, the submission of any completed proxy in due time
before any meeting and as to all matters related to voting by proxy.
( 2) A proxy for a member of the Council or of any committee of
the Council need not be a member of the Council or that committee
as the case may be.
Committees
15. The Council may appoint a technical committee and one or
more other committees to carry out on their behalf such of the
functions of the Council as they may determine, and any such com-
mittee shall be comprised of such persons appointed on such terms
as the Council may determine.
Standing Orders
16. The Council may make standing orders for regulating the
proceedings (including quorum ) of the Council or any committee
thereof, as the Council from time to time think fit.
Incorporation, etc.
17.- (1 ) The Council shall be a body corporate with perpetual
succession and a common seal and with power to hold and dispose
of land.
( 2) Every instrument to which the common seal is affixed shall be
signed by a member and counter-signed by the secretary of the
Council or by a second such member.
Expenses and Accounts
18.- (1 ) The expenses of the Council ( which may include reason-
able provision for reserves ) for the year then current shall, unless
otherwise resolved by the Council, be estimated and determined
upon at the first meeting of the Council in any year and shall be
defrayed out of contributions paid in accordance with this paragraph
by each of the assay offices.
( 2 ) The contribution so to be paid by any assay office shall be
ascertained by applying to the amount of the said expenses of the
Council that percentage ( which for purposes of practical calculation
may be adjusted by the Council by not more than one half of one
per cent. or by any greater percentage with the agreement of that
assay office ) of the aggregate of the gross revenues of all the assay
offices from charges for assaying and hallmarking precious metals
under this Act ( being revenue ascertained in manner for the time
being determined by the Council ), which is represented by the like
gross revenue of that assay office alone and so ascertained.
SCH. 4
c .43
1294 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 4 1948 с. 38.
( 3)Unless otherwise determined by the Council, every contribution
payable under this paragraph shall be paid within three months after
any such meeting of the Council as is referred to in sub- paragraph
( 1) of this paragraph.
19.- ( 1 ) The Council shall keep proper accounts of all sums
received or paid by them and their accounts for each year shall
be audited by auditors appointed by the Council.
( 2 ) No person shall be qualified to be appointed auditor under
this paragraph unless he is a member, or in the case of a firm all
the partners therein are members, of one or more of the following
bodies: -
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales ;
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
the Association of Certified Accountants ;
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
any body of accountants established in the United Kingdom
which is for the time being recognised for the purposes of
section 161( 1) (a) of the Companies Act 1948 by the
Secretary of State.
20. The Council may pay to the chairman of the Council such
remuneration and expenses as they see fit and to any other of their
members, or to any member of a committee appointed by them,
travelling, subsistence or other allowances .
Officers and Servants
21. The Council shall appoint a secretary and such other officers
and servants on such terms as to remuneration, pensions or other-
wise as the Council may determine.
Section 15. SCHEDULE 5
POWERS AND DUTIES OF ASSAY OFFICES
Submission of new wares for assaying and hallmarking
1. An assay office may refuse to assay or mark any new ware if it is
submitted at a stage of its manufacture which is unreasonable for
assaying of and striking of marks on the new ware.
Assaying and hallmarking
2.- ( 1 ) Upon receipt of any article submitted to an assay office for
assay and hallmarking, the assay office shall examine the same to
ascertain whether it is in their opinion sufficiently advanced in
workmanship and, if composed of one or more parts, whether all
the parts are present, and also whether the article complies with the
conditions of this Act so as to permit it to be struck with the
approved hallmarks ; and, if the assay office are dissatisfied as
respects any of the foregoing matters, they shall return the article
without making an assay thereof.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1295
( 2 ) If upon receipt and view of any article submitted to an assay
office for assay and hallmarking, the assay office shall suspect that
other materials than precious metal of not less than the minimum
fineness therefor have been introduced or concealed in any such
article, the assay office may cause the same to be cut ; and if upon
cutting-
( a ) any such other materials shall be found therein, the said
article shall be broken and defaced and it ( or the value
thereof ) shall be forfeited to the assay office and applied
towards their general expenses ;
( b) no such other materials are found therein, the assay office
( but not any other person ) shall be liable in damages to any
person interested in the article.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraphs (1), ( 2) and ( 5 ) of this paragraph,
the assay office may cause to be drawn, scraped, cut or otherwise
removed from the article such quantity of precious metal or take
such other sample or do such other thing as may be necessary to
enable an accurate assay to be made of the article and may retain
the quantity so removed and apply it ( or the value thereof ) towards
their general expenses.
( 4 ) In the event of any part of any article or any sample from any
article being found to be of a fineness-
( a ) less than the minimum fineness for the precious metal of
that article, the article the subject of the assay shall be
returned to the person submitting the same after payment
of the prescribed charge, and if the article is a new ware
the assay office shall have power before so returning the
article, to break it and any other articles which were
submitted with it in the same parcel of work ;
( b ) not less than such minimum fineness, the said article shall
be struck with the approved hallmarks and delivered to
the person submitting the same after payment of the
prescribed charge.
( 5 ) If an assay office are satisfied where two or more articles
being new wares are submitted to them in one parcel of work
for assay and hallmarking that all the articles so submitted are
intended to assay to a single standard of fineness, the assay office
may, notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph ( 3) of this para-
graph, carry out a single assay in respect of some or all of the articles
contained in such parcel.
Inspections by H.M. Mint
3.- (1 ) Her Majesty's Mint may at any time and from time to
time as thought fit in normal office hours visit any assay office for
the purpose of inspecting the assay department of that office and of
ascertaining and assessing the accuracy and efficiency of their methods
and procedures of assay ; and a report on the assay department of
each assay office shall be prepared once in every period of fourteen
months by the Queen's Assay Master and presented to the Deputy
Master of Her Majesty's Mint, copies of such reports having first
been sent to the Council and the assay office concerned.
SCH. 5
c .43
1296 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 5
Section 16.
( 2) If such assay methods, in the opinion of Her Majesty's Mint,
are not of such a standard as will enable that assay office to
report accurately on the fineness of any article, or articles, of
precious metal, then Her Majesty's Mint shall notify the Council
and the assay office forthwith and make to each of them such
recommendations as appear requisite in relation to such assay
methods ; and the Council cil shall consult with the assay office as
to the action to be taken upon such recommendations.
( 3) Her Majesty's Mint shall be entitled to make a reasonable
charge to each assay office in respect of the performance of their
functions under this paragraph .
Safe custody of marks
4.- (1) Each assay office shall be responsible both for the safe
custody of the dies to be used by that assay office for the purpose
of striking articles with the approved hallmarks and other marks and
for the disposal of such dies as and when the same are no longer
required .
( 2 ) The Council may after consultation with all the assay offices
make regulations in or in connection with the discharge by assay
offices of the duty imposed upon them by sub-paragraph (1) of this
paragraph and as to the manner in which any such die is to be
made or used and generally in relation thereto.
SCHEDULE 6
PROCEDURES FOR ORDERS
PART I
ORDERS UNDER SECTION 16( 1) ON APPLICATION
1. Before making application for an order under subsection (1)(b)
of section 16 of this Act, the applicants shall consult the assay
office the subject of the proposed order and, if so requested by
the assay office, shall submit to the Secretary of State a draft of
the proposed order and such written observations as the assay
office may make to the applicants within the period of forty-two
days after being so consulted ; and, following the submission of
such a draft and observations, the applicants shall take no further
steps in connection with the proposed application pending a decision
of the Secretary of State, who shall give written notice to the
applicants and the assay office either that he refuses to consider
such an application or that it is (without prejudice, however, to
subsequent refusal thereof ) to be allowed to proceed.
2. On application for any order to which this Part of this Schedule
applies the applicants shall submit to the Secretary of State a draft
of the order which they desire him to make and shall publish once at
least in each of two successive weeks in one or more newspapers
circulating in the locality wherein the assay office the subject of
the order carries on or is intended to carry on business (as the case
may be) a notice-
( a ) stating the general effect of the order ;
c. 43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1297
( b ) specifying a place in the said area where a copy of the draft
order may be inspected by any person free of charge at
all reasonable hours during a period of twenty- eight days
from the date of the first publication of the notice ; and
( c ) stating that, within the said period, any person may by
notice to the Secretary of State object to the application.
3. Not later than the date on which the said notice is first published,
the applicants shall, if the Secretary of State so requires, serve a copy
of the notice and of the draft order on any person specified by the
Secretary of State.
4. The applicants shall also publish in the Gazette a notice stating
that they are about to apply for an order under section 16 of this Act,
naming the county and district in the locality wherein the assay
office the subject of the order carries on or is intended to carry on
business ( as the case may be), specifying a place where a copy of
the draft order may be inspected , and giving the name and date of
issue of a local newspaper in which the notice explaining the effect
ofthe order applied for will be found.
5. The applicants shall, at the request of any person interested,
furnish to him a copy of the draft order upon payment of such
charge as they think reasonable not exceeding fifty pence, or such
higher sum as the Secretary of State may from time to time authorise
in writing.
6. The Secretary of State may make an order in the terms of the
draft submitted to him or in those terms as modified in such manner
as he thinks fit , but where he proposes to make any modification
which appears to him substantially to affect the character of the
order as applied for, he shall take such steps as appear to him to be
sufficient and reasonably practicable for informing the applicants and
other persons likely to be concerned, and shall not make the order
until such period for consideration of, and comment upon, the pro-
posed modification as he thinks reasonable has elapsed.
7. If, before the expiration of the twenty-eight days referred to
in paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, or of twenty- five days
from the publication of the said notice in the Gazette, or before the
expiration of any period specified in notices given under the last
foregoing paragraph, an objection is received by the Secretary of
State from any person appearing to him to be affected by the
application, or as the case may be, by the proposed modification ,
and the objection is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State, before
making any order on the application, shall (unless he is of opinion that
the objection is frivolous or too trivial to warrant the holding of an
inquiry or hearing with respect to it) either-
(a ) cause a local inquiry to be held ; or
( b) afford to the objector and to the applicants, as well as to
any other persons to whom it appears to the Secretary of
State expedient to afford it, an opportunity of appearing
before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the
Secretary of State for the purpose .
SCH. 6
c . 43
1298 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 6
8. On the making of an order to which this Part of this Schedule
applies, the Secretary of State shall give notice of the making of the
order and the effect thereof to any person who has objected thereto
under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, and has
not withdrawn that objection, and in that case the order shall not
have effect until the expiration of twenty-eight days from the date
of the said notice, and if within that period any such person gives
notice to the Secretary of State that he objects to the order and the
objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special
parliamentary procedure.
9. The costs incurred by the Secretary of State in connection with
the making and notification of an order under this Part of this
Schedule, including any costs incurred in relation to any such order
1945 с. 18
under the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945, shall be
( 9 & 10 Geo. 6. ) paid by the applicants .
10. In this Part of this Schedule " the Gazette " means in relation
to publication of a notice as respects an order concerning an assay
office carrying on or intended to carry on business-
( a ) inEngland and Wales, the London Gazette ;
( b ) in Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette ; and
( c ) in Northern Ireland, the Belfast Gazette.
PART II
MODIFICATIONS OF PART I OF THIS SCHEDULE FOR PURPOSES OF
ORDERS UNDER SECTION 16( 2) WHERE NO APPLICATION
11. In relation to any order under section 16( 2) of this Act the
provisions of Part I of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the
following modifications-
( a ) For paragraph 1 and for the words in paragraph 2 before
" shall publish " there shall be substituted-
" 1. Before making an order under subsection ( 2) of
section 16 of this Act the Secretary of State-
( 1) shall in the case of an order under paragraphs
( a ) or (b) of that subsection consult the Council
and shall, in the case of an order under para-
graph (c ) of that subsection, consult the assay
office the subject of the proposed order :
( 2 )" ;
( b ) Paragraphs 3 and 9 shall be omitted ;
( c ) In paragraphs 4 and 5 for reference to the applicants there
shall be substituted reference to the Secretary of State ;
(d ) For paragraph 6 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 6. The Secretary of State may make an order in the
terms of the draft or in those terms as modified in such
manner as he thinks fit , but where he proposes to make
any modification which appears to him substantially to
affect the character of the order he shall take such steps
c.43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1299
as appear to him to be sufficient and reasonably prac-
ticable for informing persons likely to be concerned, and
shall not make the order until such period for considera-
tion of , and comment upon, the proposed modification
as he thinks reasonable has elapsed " ;
( e ) in paragraph 7-
( i ) for the word " application " where it first occurs
there shall be substituted the word " order " ;
( ii ) the words " on the application " shall be omitted ;
(iii ) in paragraph ( b ) for the words " the applicants
"
there shall be substituted the words " such of them the
Council and any assay office as might have been applicants
for such an order under section 16 (1) of this Act " ".
SCH. 6
SCHEDULE 7
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I -PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal
8 & 9 Will. 3. An Act for encouraging The whole Act.
c. 8. 1696.
the bringing in wrought
plate to be coined .
1 Anne c. 3. An Act for continuing the The whole Act.
1702. Act made in the eighth
year of His late Majesty's
reign for better prevent-
ing the counterfeiting
the current coin of this
kingdom.
6Geo. 1. c. 11 . The Plate Duty Act 1719. The whole Act.
12 Geo. 2. The Plate (Offences) Act The whole Act
с. 26. 1738.
15 Geo. 2. The Gold and Silver The whole Act.
c. 20. Thread Act 1741 .
13 Geo. 3. The Plate (Offences) Act The whole Act.
c. 59.
1772.
28Geo. 3.
The Gold and Silver The whole Act.
c. 7.
Thread Act 1788 .
30 Geo. 3. The Silver Plate Act 1790. The whole Act.
c. 31.
38 Geo. 3. TheGoldPlate ( Standard) The whole Act.
c. 69. Act 1798 .
47 Geo.
3.
The Plate Assay ( Ireland )
The whole Act.
Sess. 2. c. 15.
Act 1807.
6 & 7 Will. 4.
The Plate ( Scotland ) Act
The whole Act.
c. 69.
1836.
5 & 6 Vict. The Customs Act 1842. The whole Act.
c. 47.
Section 23.
c .43
1300 Hallmarking Act 1973
SCH. 7
Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal
7 & 8 Vict. The Gold and Silver The whole Act.
с. 22.
Wares Act 1844.
17 & 18 Vict. The Gold and Silver The whole Act.
с . 96.
18 & 19 Vict.
Wares Act 1854.
с. 60. The Wedding Rings Act The whole Act.
1855.
39 & 40 Vict.
The Customs Consolida- | In section 42, the words from
c. 36.
tion Act 1876. " Clocks and watches " to
" United Kingdom ".
46 & 47 Vict. The Revenue Act 1883. Sections 10 and 11 .
c. 55.
47 & 48 Vict. The Revenue Act 1884. Sections 4 and 5 .
c. 62.
c . 8. 53 & 54 Vict. The Customs and Inland Section 17.
Revenue Act 1890.
4Edw. 7. c. 6 . The Hall-marking of The whole Act.
Foreign Plate Act 1904.
7 Edw. 7. c. 8. The Assay of Imported The whole Act.
Watch-Cases (Existing
Stocks Exemption ) Act
1907.
7Edw. 7. c. 13. 3 & 4 Geo. 5 .
с. 27. The Finance Act 1907.
The Forgery Act 1913 .
2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Hall-marking of
с. 36. Foreign Plate Act 1939.
Section 5.
Sections 5(4)(b), 8( 2)(a) and
16 ( 2 )( d ).
Section 6, so far as it relates to
any die used for the marking
or stamping of gold or silver
plate, or gold or silver wares.
The whole Act.
14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Common Informers
с . 39. Act 1951 .
In the Schedule, the entries
relating to 8 & 9 Will. 3. c. 8;
12 Geo. 2. c. 26; 15 Geo. 2.
c. 20; 13 Geo. 3. c. 52; 28 Geo.
3. c. 7; and 38 Geo. 3. c.69.
15 & 16Geo. 6.
& 1 Eliz. 2.
с. 44 .
The Customs and Excise In Schedule 10, in Part II,
Act 1952. paragraphs 1 , 2 and 6.
Acts of Parliament ofIreland
Chapter
Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal
1 Geo. 3. c. 9. The Gold and Silver The whole Act.
( Ir. ). Thread Act (Ireland)
1761 .
23 &24 Geo. 3.
An Act to regulate the The whole Act .
c. 23 (Ir.)
( 1783). mote the manufacture of
assay of gold and pro-
gold and silver wares in
this kingdom.
c .43
Hallmarking Act 1973 1301
PART II -LOCAL ACTS
SCH. 7
Chapter
Title or Short Title
13 Geo. 3. The Plate (Sheffield and
c. 52. Birmingham ) Act 1772.
24 Geo. 3 .
c. 20.
59 Geo.
3.
c. xxviii.
5Geo. 4. c. lii.
ThePlateAssay (Sheffield )
Act 1784.
TheGlasgow Assay Office
Act 1819.
The Birmingham Assay
Office Act 1824.
6 Edw. 7. c. ix. The Sheffield Assay Act
1906.
8 & 9 Geo. 5. The Sheffield Corpora-
c . lxi. tion(Consolidation) Act
1918.
16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Glasgow Goldsmiths c. cx. Company Order Con-
firmation Act 1926.
Extent of Repeal
Sections 4, 5, 9, 10, 11 , 12, 13,
14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 21 , 22,
23, 25 and 26.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
Sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 ,
22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, 31, 32,
35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40 and 41 .
Section 6.
Sections 501 and 502.
The whole Act.
1302 c .44
PENSE
DIEUET MONDR
ROM
Heavy Commercial Vehicles
(Controls and Regulations)
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 44
AnAct to make new provisions governing the construction
and use of heavy commercial vehicles, and to control
the movement and parking of such vehicles .
[ 25th July 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Control of 1.-( 1 ) In section 1 (traffic regulation orders outside Greater
heavycommer- London) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (in this section
cial vehicles.
referred to as " the 1967 Act ") after subsection (3A ) there shall
1967 с. 76.
be inserted the following subsections : -
66 (3AA) A local authority (as defined in subsection (2) (a)
above) may include in a traffic regulation order any such
provision-
( a) specifying through routes for heavy commercial
vehicles ; or
( b) prohibiting or restricting the use of heavy com-
mercial vehicles (except in such cases (if any) as may
be specified in the order ) in such zones or on such
roads as may be so specified,
as they consider expedient for preserving or improving the
amenities of their area or of some part or parts of their area.
(3AB) Nothing in subsection (3AA) above shall be con-
strued as limiting the scope of any power or duty to control
vehicles conferred or imposed on a local authority or the
Secretary of State otherwise than by virtue of that sub-
section." .
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and c . 44 1303
Regulations) Act 1973
(2 ) In subsection (6 ) of the said section 1, after the words
" traffic on the road " there shall be inserted the words " or
for preserving or improving the amenities of an area by pro-
hibiting or restricting the use on a road or roads in that area
ofheavy commercial vehicles," .
( 3) After that section there shall be inserted the following
section : -
"Duty of
1A.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of every local autho-
local
rity (as defined in section 1 (2)(a) above) as soon as
authority totake
possible after the relevant date, to carry out a
measures
survey of their area and to formulate written pro-
for control
ofheavy commercial vehicles.
posals, on the basis of the survey and of consultations
under subsection ( 2 ) below, for the regulation by
means of an order or orders made under section
1 (3AA) above of the use of roads in their area by
heavy commercial vehicles so as to preserve or im-
prove the amenities of their area.
In this subsection " the relevant date " means, for
an authority whose area is in England or Wales, 1st
April 1974, and for an authority whose area is in
Scotland, 16th May 1975.
( 2) In formulating proposals under subsection ( 1 )
above, an authority shall consult such other councils,
such chief officers of police and such bodies repre-
sentative of-
( a ) persons concerned with the preservation of
amenities or the natural beauty of the
countryside ; and
( b ) persons engaged in the operation of heavy
commercial vehicles ; and
( c ) persons engaged in other commercial or in-
dustrial activities ; and
( d ) the trade unions representing drivers of
heavy commercial vehicles,
as appear to them to be appropriate.
( 3) It shall be the duty of an authority to publish
in respect of their area in accordance with regula-
tions under section 84C below a draft order or orders
for the purpose mentioned in subsection ( 1) above-
( a ) if their area is in England or Wales, not
later than 1st January 1977 or such later
date as the Secretary of State may in their
case authorise ; and
( b) if it is in Scotland, not later than 1st Janu-
ary 1978 or such later date as the Secretary
of State may in their case authorise,
1304 c .44
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and
Regulations) Act 1973
and thereafter to proceed in accordance with those
regulations to make such an order or orders. " .
( 4 ) In section 5( 3) of the 1967 Act (orders for purpose of
general scheme of traffic control ) after paragraph (b) there shall
be inserted the following paragraph: -
66 (bb) takes adequate account of the effect of heavy com-
mercial vehicles on amenities ; and " .
(5) For paragraph (b) of section 84( 1) of that Act (general
duty of Greater London Council and other local authorities
with respect to road traffic ) there shall be substituted the follow-
ing paragraph : -
" (b) the effect on the amenities of any locality affected
and, without prejudice to the generality of this para-
graph, the importance of regulating and restricting the
use of roads by heavy commercial vehicles so as to
preserve or improve the amenities of the areas through
which the roads run,".
(6) After section 84A(2) of that Act (reserve powers of Secre-
tary of State) there shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" (2A ) Subsections ( 1) and (2) above shall have effect, in
any case in which it appears to the Secretary of State-
( a) that a local authority ( as defined in section
1 ( 2) ( a) above) -
(i) have published a draft order under section
1A(3) above which is unsatisfactory for the
purpose of discharging any duty to control
heavy commercial vehicles imposed on them
by this Act or are otherwise in default in
the discharge of any such duty ; or
(ii) have by unreasonable delay made it certain
or likely that they will be unable to prevent
a default in the discharge of any such duty ;
or
( b) that the Greater London Council have failed in
the exercise of the powers conferred on them by section
6 above to make such provision for the control of
heavy commercial vehicles in Greater London as is
appropriate for preserving or improving the amenities
of Greater London,
as if the power conferred by subsection ( 1) above to give
a direction with respect to section 1 or section 6 above were
a duty to give such a direction and the power to make an
order under either of those sections conferred by subsection
( 2) above were a duty to make such an order or a similar
Heavy Commercial Vehicles ( Controls and Regulations ) Act 1973
c . 44
order under section 9 above ; and any reference to either
of those subsections in any other provision of this Act
shall be construed as including a reference to the sub-
section in question as modified by this subsection ." .
( 7 ) After section 104(1) of that Act ( general interpretation
provisions) there shall be inserted the following subsections : -
66 ( 1A ) Subject to subsections ( 1B) , ( 1C ) and ( 1D) below,
in this Act " heavy commercial vehicle " means any vehicle,
whether mechanically propelled or not, which is constructed
or adapted for the carriage of goods and has an unladen
weight exceeding three tons.
(1B) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend
subsection ( 1A ) above in either or both of the following
ways, namely-
( a) by substituting for the reference to unladen weight
a reference to such other description of weight
as may be specified in the regulations ; or
(b) by substituting for the reference to three tons
a reference to such other weight as may be so
specified.
( 1C ) Different regulations may be made under subsection
(1B) above for the purpose of different provisions of this
Act and as respects different classes of vehicles or as respects
the same class of vehicles in different circumstances and as
respects different times of the day or night and as respects
roads in different localities.
(1D ) Regulations under subsection ( 1B) above shall not
so amend subsection (1A ) above that there is any case in
which a vehicle whose unladen weight does not exceed three
tons is a heavy commercial vehicle for any of the purposes
of this Act.
(1E ) In the application of subsections ( 1A ), ( 1B) , ( 1C) and
(1D ) above to a vehicle drawing one or more trailers the
drawing vehicle and the trailer or trailers shall be treated as
one vehicle . " .
2.- ( 1) After section 36 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 there Prohibition
shall be inserted the following : - ofparking
of heavy
"Prohibition
36A. ( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a commercial
ofparking
person who parks a heavy commercial vehicle wholly
of heavy commercial
vehicles on
or partly-
verges and
vehicles on
footways .
vergesand
( a ) on the verge of a road ; or
1972 с. 20.
footways.
( b) on any land situated between two carriage-
ways and which is not a footway ; or
( c ) on a footway ;
shall be guilty of an offence.
1305
1306 с .44
1959 с. 25.
1970 с. 20.
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and
Regulations ) Act 1973
( 2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence
under this section with respect to a vehicle if he
proves to the satisfaction of the court-
( a ) that it was parked in accordance with per-
mission given by a constable in uniform ;
or
( b) that it was parked in contravention of this
section for the purpose of saving life or
extinguishing fire or meeting any other
like emergency ; or
( c ) that it was parked in contravention of this
section but the conditions specified in sub-
section ( 3) below were satisfied.
( 3) The conditions mentioned in subsection (2)(c )
above are
( a) that the vehicle was parked on the verge of
a road or on a footway for the purpose of
loading or unloading ; and
( b) that the loading or unloading of the vehicle
could not have been satisfactorily per-
formed if it had not been parked on the
footway or verge ; and
( c ) that the vehicle was not left unattended at
any time while it was so parked.
" 66
( 4 ) In this section carriageway and " foot-
way ود
have the same meanings respectively as in
the Highways Act 1959 or, as respects Scotland,
the Roads (Scotland) Act 1970.
( 5 ) Subject to subsections (6), (7 ) and (8) below,
in this section " heavy commercial vehicle " means
any vehicle, whether mechanically propelled or not,
which is constructed or adapted for the carriage of
goods, and has an unladen weight exceeding three
tons.
(6) The Secretary of State may by regulations
amend subsection (5 ) above in either or both of the
following ways, namely-
( a ) by substituting for the reference to unladen
weight a reference to such other descrip-
tion of weight as may be specified in the
regulations ; or
(b) by substituting for the reference to three tons
a reference to such other weight as may be
so specified.
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and c . 44 1307
Regulations ) Act 1973
( 7) Different regulations may be made under sub-
section (6 ) above as respects different classes of
vehicles or as respects the same class of vehicles in
different circumstances and as respects different
times of the day or night and as respects different
localities.
( 8) Regulations under subsection (6 ) above shall
not so amend subsection ( 5) above that there is any
case in which a vehicle whose unladen weight does
not exceed three tons is a heavy commercial vehicle
for any of the purposes of this section.
( 9) In the application of subsections (5 ), (6) , (7)
and (8) above to a vehicle drawing one or more
trailers the drawing vehicle and the trailer or trailers
shall be treated as one vehicle .".
( 2 ) After the reference to the said section 36 in Part I of
Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1972 there shall be inserted: -
" 36A Prohibition of park- Summarily £ 50
ing of heavy com-
mercial vehicles on
verges and foot-
ways.
Sections 181
and 183
apply."
3.- ( 1) At the end of section 57(7) of the said Act of 1972 there Directions
shall be inserted : - to drivers of
overloaded
" and, if the vehicle is a heavy commercial vehicle, he vehicles.
may also by direction in writing require the person in charge
of the vehicle to remove it (and, if it is a motor vehicle
drawing a trailer, also to remove the trailer ) to such place
and subject to such conditions as are specified in the
direction ; and the prohibition shall not apply to the removal
of the vehicle or trailer in accordance with that direction.
( 7A ) In this section " heavy commercial vehicle " means
any vehicle which is constructed or adapted for the carriage
of goods, and has an unladen weight exceeding three tons,
and in the application of this definition to a vehicle drawing
one or more trailers the drawing vehicle and the trailer or
trailers shall be treated as one vehicle .
( 7B ) Nothing in subsection (7 ) above shall be construed
as limiting the power of the Secretary of State to make
regulations under subsection ( 10) below.".
( 2 ) For subsection ( 9) of the said section 57 there shall be
substituted the following subsection : --
1308 Short title and extent.
c . 44
Heavy Commercial Vehicles (Controls and
Regulations ) Act 1973
" (9) A person who-
(a ) drives a goods vehicle on a road, or causes or
permits a goods vehicle to be so driven, in contra-
vention of a prohibition under this section ; or
( b) refuses, neglects or otherwise fails to comply within
a reasonable time with a direction under subsection
(7) above,
shall be guilty of an offence.";
and accordingly, in column 2 of the reference to the said sub-
section (9) in Part I of Schedule 4 to that Act, after the word
" service " there shall be inserted the words " or refusing,
neglecting or otherwise failing to comply with a direction to
remove a dangerous heavy commercial vehicle " .
4.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Heavy Commercial
Vehicles (Controls and Regulations) Act 1973.
( 2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 45 1309
PENSE
DIEUFTAMON DA
Domicile and Matrimonial
Proceedings Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 45
An Act to amend the law relating to the domicile of
married women and persons not of full age, to matters
connected with domicile and to jurisdiction in matri-
monial proceedings including actions for reduction
of consistorial decrees ; to make further provision
about the recognition of divorces and legal separations ;
and for purposes connected therewith. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
DOMICILE
Husband and wife
1.-( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the domicile of a Abolition
married woman as at any time after the coming into force of of wife's
this section shall, instead of being the same as her husband's dependent
by virtue only of marriage, be ascertained by reference to the
domicile.
same factors as in the case of any other individual capable of
having an independent domicile.
( 2) Where immediately before this section came into force a
woman was married and then had her husband's domicile by
dependence, she is to be treated as retaining that domicile ( as
a domicile of choice, if it is not also her domicile of origin )
1310 c . 45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
PART I
unless and until it is changed by acquisition or revival of
another domicile either on or after the coming into force of this
section.
(3) This section extends to England and Wales, Scotland and
Northern Ireland.
Amendments
2.-( 1) The Recognition of Divorces and Legal Separations
ofRecognition Act 1971 shall be amended in accordance with this section.
Act
consequent on
(2) For section 6 of the Act (saving for common law rules,
s . 1.
and previous enactments, as to recognition ) there shall be
1971 с. 53.
substituted-
"Existing
common
law and
statutory rules.
6.- (1) In this section " the common law rules "
means the rules of law relating to the recognition of
divorces or legal separations obtained in the country
of the spouses' domicile or obtained elsewhere and
recognised as valid in that country.
( 2) In any circumstances in which the validity of
a divorce or legal separation obtained in a country
outside the British Isles would be recognised by
virtue only of the common law rules if either-
( a) the spouses had at the material time both
been domiciled in that country ; or
( b) the divorce or separation were recognised
as valid under the law of the spouses'
domicile,
its validity shall also be recognised if subsection (3)
below is satisfied in relation to it.
( 3) This subsection is satisfied in relation to a
divorce or legal separation obtained in a country
outside the British Isles if either-
( a ) one of the spouses was at the material time
domiciled in that country and the divorce
or separation was recognised as valid under
the law of the domicile of the other spouse ;
or
( b) neither of the spouses having been domiciled
in that country at the material time, the
divorce or separation was recognised as
valid under the law of the domicile of
each of the spouses respectively.
( 4) For any purpose of subsection (2) or (3) above
" the material time ", in relation to a divorce or legal
separation, means the time of the institution of
proceedings in the country in which it was obtained.
( 5) Sections 2 to 5 of this Act are without prejudice
to the recognition of the validity of divorces and
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 с . 45 1311
legal separations obtained outside the British Isles
by virtue of the common law rules (as extended by
this section) , or of any enactment other than this
Act; but, subject to this section, no divorce or legal
separation so obtained shall be recognised as valid
in the United Kingdom except as provided by those
sections . "
( 3) In section 7 of the Act (non-recognition of divorce by
third country no bar to re-marriage) -
(a) for " the foregoing provisions " there shall be substituted
" sections 1 to 5 or section 6( 2 ) " ; and
( b) for " section 6 " there shall be substituted " section
6( 5) ".
( 4 ) In section 8(2) of the Act ( particular circumstances in
which recognition may be refused) -
(a) after " by virtue of " there shall be inserted " sections
2 to 5 or section 6(2) of " ; and
( b) for " section 6" there shall be substituted " section
6( 5) ".
(5) This section extends to England and Wales, Scotland and
Northern Ireland.
PART I
Minors and pupils
3.-(1 ) The time at which a person first becomes capable of Age at which independent
having an independent domicile shall be when he attains the age domicile can
of sixteen or marries under that age ; and in the case of a person be acquired.
who immediately before 1st January 1974 was incapable of
having an independent domicile, but had then attained the age
of sixteen or been married, it shall be that date.
( 2) This section extends to England and Wales and Northern
Ireland ( but not to Scotland) .
4.-(1) Subsection ( 2) of this section shall have effect with Dependent
respect to the dependent domicile of a child as at any time domicile of
after the coming into force of this section when his father andchild not
living with
mother are alive but living apart .
hisfather.( 2) The child's domicile as at that time shall be that of his
mother if-
( a ) he then has his home with her and has no home with
his father ; or
( b) he has at any time had her domicile by virtue of para-
graph (a) above and has not since had a home with
his father.
1312 PART I Jurisdiction of
High Court
and county
courts.
1973 с. 18.
1967 с. 56.
с.45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
(3) As at any time after the coming into force of this section,
the domicile of a child whose mother is dead shall be that
which she last had before she died if at her death he had her
domicile by virtue of subsection (2) above and he has not since
had a home with his father.
( 4) Nothing in this section prejudices any existing rule of law
as to the cases in which a child's domicile is regarded as being,
by dependence, that of his mother.
"
( 5 ) In this section, " child means a person incapable of
having an independent domicile ; and in its application to a
child who has been adopted, references to his father and his
mother shall be construed as references to his adoptive father
and mother.
(6) This section extends to England and Wales, Scotland and
Northern Ireland.
PART II
JURISDICTION IN MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS
( ENGLAND AND WALES)
5.-( 1 ) Subsections (2) to (5) below shall have effect, subject
to section 6(3) and ( 4) of this Act, with respect to the jurisdiction
of the court to entertain-
( a) proceedings for divorce, judicial separation or nullity of
marriage ; and
(b) proceedings for death to be presumed and a marriage
to be dissolved in pursuance of section 19 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 ;
and in this Part of this Act " the court " means the High
Court and a divorce county court within the meaning of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1967.
(2) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for divorce or judicial separation if (and only if ) either of the
parties to the marriage-
(a ) is domiciled in England and Wales on the date when
the proceedings are begun ; or
(b) was habitually resident in England and Wales through-
out the period of one year ending with that date.
(3) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for nullity of marriage if (and only if ) either of the parties
to the marriage-
( a ) is domiciled in England and Wales on the date when
the proceedings are begun ; or
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c.45 1313
( b) was habitually resident in England and Wales through-
out the period of one year ending with that date ; or
(c ) died before that date and either-
(i) was at death domiciled in England and Wales,
PART II
or
(ii) had been habitually resident in England and
Wales throughout the period of one year ending
with the date of death .
( 4 ) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for death to be presumed and a marriage to be dissolved if (and
only if ) the petitioner-
(a) is domiciled in England and Wales on the date when
the proceedings are begun ; or
(b) was habitually resident in England and Wales through-
out the period of one year ending with that date.
( 5 ) The court shall, at any time when proceedings are pending
in respect of which it has jurisdiction by virtue of subsection (2)
or (3) above (or of this subsection), also have jurisdiction to
entertain other proceedings, in respect of the same marriage , for
divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, notwithstand-
ing that jurisdiction would not be exercisable under subsection
(2 ) or (3) .
( 6 ) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect as to the cases in
which matrimonial proceedings inEngland and Wales are to be,
or may be, stayed by the court where there are concurrent
proceedings elsewhere in respect of the same marriage, and as
to the other matters dealt with in that Schedule ; but nothing
in the Schedule-
( a) requires or authorises a stay of proceedings which are
pending when this section comes into force ; or
( b) prejudices any power to stay proceedings which is
exercisable by the court apart from the Schedule.
6.- (1) In section 27(2) of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 Miscellaneous
(which excludes the court's jurisdiction on a maintenance applica- amendments,
transitional
tion unless it would have jurisdiction to decree judicial separa- provision
tion ), for the words from " unless " onwards there shall be and savings.
substituted the words " unless-
1973 с. 18.( a) the applicant or the respondent is domiciled in England
and Wales on the date of the application ; or
( b ) the applicant has been habitually resident there through-
out the period of one year ending with that date ; or
( c ) the respondent is resident there on that date. " .
Part II T
1314 PART II
1973 с. 18.
1967 с. 56.
Jurisdiction of
Court of
Session.
1938 с. 50.
с.45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
( 2) In subsection ( 1) of section 50 of the Matrimonial Causes
Act 1973 (scope of the Matrimonial Causes Rules) , the word
66 or at the end of paragraph (c) shall be omitted and after
paragraph (d) there shall be inserted the following words
66 or
(e) any enactment contained in Part II of or Schedule 1 to
the Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
which does not fall within paragraph (d ) above " .
( 3) No proceedings for divorce shall be entertained by the
court by virtue of section 5( 2) or (5) of this Act while proceed-
ings for divorce or nullity of marriage, begun before the
commencement of this Act, are pending (in respect of the same
marriage) in Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands or
the Isle of Man ; and provision may be made by rules of court
as to when for the purposes of this subsection proceedings are to
be treated as begun or pending in any of those places .
( 4 ) Nothing in this Part of this Act-
( a ) shall be construed to remove any limitation imposed on
the jurisdiction of a county court by section 1 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act 1967 ;
( b) affects the court's jurisdiction to entertain any proceed-
ings begun before the commencement of this Act.
PART III
JURISDICTION IN CONSISTORIAL CAUSES (SCOTLAND)
7.-( 1 ) Subsections ( 2) to (8) below shall have effect, subject
to section 12(6) of this Act, with respect to the jurisdiction of the
Court of Session to entertain-
( a) an action for divorce, separation, declarator of nullity
of marriage, declarator of marriage, declarator of
freedom and putting to silence ; and
( b ) proceedings for presumption of death and dissolution of
marriage under section 5 of the Divorce (Scotland)
Act 1938 .
(2) The Court shall have jurisdiction to entertain an action
for divorce , separation or declarator of freedom and putting
to silence if (and only if ) either of the parties to the marriage
in question-
(a ) is domiciled in Scotland on the date when the action is
begun ; or
(b) was habitually resident in Scotland throughout the
period of one year ending with that date .
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 с. 45 1315
( 3) The Court shall have jurisdiction to entertain an action for declarator of marriage or declarator of nullity of marriage
if (and only if ) either of the parties to the marriage-
(a) is domiciled in Scotland on the date when the action is
begun ; or
( b) was habitually resident in Scotland throughout the
period of one year ending with that date ; or
(c) died before that date and either-
(i ) was at death domiciled in Scotland, or
(ii ) had been habitually resident in Scotland
throughout the period of one year ending with the
date of death.
( 4) The Court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for decree of presumption of death and dissolution of marriage
if (and only if ) -
( a) the petitioner is domiciled in Scotland on the date when
the proceedings are begun or was habitually resident
there throughout the period of one year ending with
that date ; or
( b ) the person whose death is sought to be presumed was
domiciled in Scotland on the date on which he was
last known to be alive, or had been habitually resident
there throughout the period of one year ending with
thatdate.
(5) The Court shall, at any time when proceedings are pending
in respect of which it has jurisdiction by virtue of subsection ( 2)
or (3) above (or of this subsection) , also have jurisdiction to enter-
tain other proceedings, in respect of the same marriage, for
divorce, separation or declarator of marriage, declarator of
nullity of marriage or declarator of freedom and putting to
silence, notwithstanding that jurisdiction would not be exercisable
under subsection (2) or (3) .
(6 ) Nothing in this section affects the rules governing the
jurisdiction of the Court of Session to entertain, in an action
for divorce, an application for payment by a co - defender of
damages or expenses .
( 7 ) The foregoing provisions of this section are without
prejudice to any rule of law whereby the Court of Session has
jurisdiction in certain circumstances to entertain actions for
separation as a matter of necessity and urgency.
( 8) No action for divorce in respect of a marriage shall be
entertained by the Court of Session by virtue of subsection (2)
Part II T2
PART III
1316 с .45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
PART III Jurisdiction of
sheriff court in
respect of
actions for
separation.
Jurisdiction in
respect of
actions for
reduction of
consistorial
decrees.
or (5) above while proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage,
begun before the commencement of this Act, are pending (in
respect of the same marriage) in England and Wales, Northern
Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man ; and provision
may be made by rules of court as to when, for the purposes of
this subsection, proceedings are to be treated as begun or
pending in any of those places .
8.- (1 ) Subsections (2) to (4) below shall have effect, subject
to section 12( 6) of this Act, with respect to the jurisdiction of
the sheriff court to entertain an action for separation.
( 2) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain an action for
separation if (and only if )-
( a) either party to the marriage in question-
(i ) is domiciled in Scotland at the date when the
action is begun, or
(ii ) was habitually resident there throughout the
period of one year ending with that date ; and
(b) either party to the marriage-
(i ) was resident in the sheriffdom for a period of
forty days ending with that date, or
(ii ) had been resident in the sheriffdom for a
period of not less than forty days ending not more
than forty days before the said date, and has no
known residence in Scotland at that date.
(3) In respect of any marriage, the court shall have jurisdiction
to entertain an action for separation (notwithstanding that
jurisdiction would not be exercisable under subsection ( 2) above)
if it is begun at a time when an original action is pending in
respect of the marriage ; and for this purpose " original action "
means an action in respect of which the court has jurisdiction
by virtue of subsection (2), or of this subsection.
( 4) The foregoing provisions of this section are without
prejudice to any jurisdiction of a sheriff court to entertain an
action of separation remitted to it in pursuance of any enactment
or rule of court.
9. Subject to section 12(6) of this Act, the Court of Session
shall have jurisdiction to entertain an action for reduction of a
decree granted (whether before or after the commencement of
this Act ) by a Scottish court in any consistorial proceedings
whether or not the Court would have jurisdiction to do so apart
from this section.
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 с. 45 1317
10.-(1 ) Where after the commencement of this Act- PART III
( a) an application is made to the Court of Session or to a Ancillary and
sheriff court for-
collateral
orders.
( i) the making as respects any person or property
of an order under any of the enactments or rules of
law specified in Part I or Part II of Schedule 2 to
thisAct, or
(ii ) the variation or recall as respects any person
or property of an order made (whether before or
after the commencement of this Act ) under any of
those enactments or rules of law ; and
( b) the application is competently made in connection with
an action for any of the following remedies, namely,
divorce, separation, declarator of marriage and
declarator of nullity of marriage ( whether the
application is made in the same proceedings or in
other proceedings and whether it is made before or
after the pronouncement of a final decree in the
action ) ,
then, if the court has or, as the case may be, had by virtue
of this Act or of any enactment or rule of law in force before
the commencement of this Act jurisdiction to entertain the action,
it shall have jurisdiction to entertain the application as respects
the person or property in question whether or not it would have
jurisdiction to do so apart from this subsection.
(2) It is hereby declared that where-
( a) the Court of Session has jurisdiction by virtue of this
section to entertain an application for the variation or
recall as respects any person of an order made by it ,
and
( b) the order is one to which section 8 (variation and recall
by the sheriff of certain orders made by the Court of
Session ) of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions ) 1966 с. 19.
( Scotland ) Act 1966 applies,
then, for the purposes of any application under the said section
8 for the variation or recall of the order in so far as it relates
to that person, the sheriff, as defined in that section, has
jurisdiction as respects that person to exercise the power con-
ferred on him by that section .
11. The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have Sisting of
effect with respect to the sisting of actions for any of the certain actions.
following remedies, namely, divorce, separation, declarator of
marriage or declarator of nullity of marriage, and with respect
to the other matters mentioned in that Schedule ; but nothing
in that Schedule-
(a) requires or authorises a sist of an action which is
pending when this Act comes into force ; or
Part II T3
1318 c. 45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
PART III
Supple-
mentary.
( b) prejudices any power to sist an action which is
exercisable by any court apart from the Schedule.
12.-( 1) In relation to any action for any of the following
three remedies, namely, declarator of marriage, declarator of
nullity of marriage, and declarator of freedom and putting to
silence, references in this Part of this Act to the marriage shall
be construed as including references to the alleged, or, as the
case may be, the purported, marriage.
(2 ) References in this Part of this Act to an action for a
particular remedy shall be construed, in relation to a case
where the remedy is sought along with other remedies in one
action, as references to so much of the proceedings in the action
as relates to the particular remedy.
( 3) References in this Part of this Act to the remedy of
separation shall be construed, in relation to an action in a
sheriff court, as references to the remedy of separation and
aliment.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act the period during which
an action in the Court of Session or a sheriff court is pend-
ing shall be regarded as including any period while the taking
of an appeal is competent and the period while any proceedings
on appeal are pending ; and in this subsection references to an
appeal include references to a reclaiming motion.
( 5) In this Part of this Act any reference to an enactment shall ,
unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended or extended, and as including
a reference thereto as applied, by or under any other enactment
(including this Act) .
( 6 ) Nothing in this Part of this Act affects any court's juris-
diction to entertain any proceedings begun before the commence-
ment of this Act.
(7) Subject to subsection (6) above, the enactments described
in Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amend-
ments therein specified, being amendments consequential on the
provisions of this Part of this Act.
PART IV
JURISDICTION IN MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS
( NORTHERN IRELAND)
Jurisdiction
13.- ( 1 ) Subsections (2) to (5) below shall have effect, subject
ofHigh Court to section 14 of this Act, with respect to the jurisdiction of the
in Northern
Ireland. court to entertain-
(a) proceedings for divorce, judicial separation or nullity
of marriage ; and
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c.45 1319
(b) proceedings for death to be presumed and a marriage to PART IV
be dissolved in pursuance of section 12 of the Matri- 1939 с. 13
monial Causes Act ( Northern Ireland) 1939 ;
( Ν.Ι.) .
and in this Part of this Act " the court " means the High Court in
Northern Ireland .
( 2 ) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for divorce or judicial separation if (and only if ) either of the
parties to the marriage-
(a ) is domiciled in Northern Ireland on the date when the
proceedings are begun ; or
( b) was habitually resident in Northern Ireland throughout
the period of one year ending with that date.
( 3) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for nullity of marriage if (and only if ) either of the parties to
the marriage--
( a ) is domiciled in Northern Ireland on the date when the
proceedings are begun ; or
( b) was habitually resident in Northern Ireland throughout
the period of one year ending with that date ; or
(c ) died before that date and either-
(i) was at death domiciled in Northern Ireland, or
( ii) had been habitually resident in Northern
Ireland throughout the period of one year ending
with the date of death.
( 4 ) The court shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings
for death to be presumed and a marriage to be dissolved if (and
only if ) the petitioner-
( a) is domiciled in Northern Ireland on the date when the
proceedings are begun ; or
( b) was habitually resident in Northern Ireland throughout
the period of one year ending with that date.
(5 ) The court shall, at any time when proceedings are pending
in respect of which it has jurisdiction by virtue of subsection (2)
or (3) above (or of this subsection), also have jurisdiction to
entertain other proceedings, in respect of the same marriage, for
divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, notwithstand-
ing that jurisdiction would not be exercisable under subsection
( 2 ) or (3) .
( 6) Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect for applying in
Northern Ireland, in relation to the High Court in Northern
Ireland, Schedule 1 to this Act with the necessary modifications .
Part II T4
1320 c . 45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
PART IV
14.-( 1 ) No proceedings for divorce shall be entertained by the
Transitional
court by virtue of section 13( 2) or (5) of this Act while proceed-
provision and ings for divorce or nullity of marriage begun before the com-
saving.
mencement of this Act are pending (in respect of the same
marriage) in England and Wales, Scotland, the Channel Islands
or the Isle of Man ; and provision may be made by rules under
1962 с. 30.
section 7 of the Northern Ireland Act 1962 as to when for the
purposes of this subsection proceedings are to be treated as
begun or pending in any of those places.
1951 c. 7 ( Ν.Ι.) . (2) In section 4(1) of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1951 (which confers on the
court jurisdiction to entertain an application for maintenance
by a wife where it would have jurisdiction to entertain proceed-
ings for judicial separation) for the words from " if it would " to
66
separation " the following shall be substituted-
“ if-
Extension of
Recognition
Actto
Northern
Ireland.
1971 с. 53.
(a) the wife or the husband is domiciled in Northern
Ireland ; or
(b) the wife has been habitually resident there through-
out the period of one year ending with that date
or;
(c ) the husband is resident there on that date. ".
( 3) Nothing in this Part of this Act affects the court's juris-
diction to entertain any proceedings begun before the commence-
ment of this Act.
PART V
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
15.-( 1 ) The Recognition of Divorces and Legal Separations
Act 1971 (as amended by this Act ) shall extend to Northern
Ireland.
( 2) In section 1 of that Act (recognition of divorces etc. as
between territories forming part of the British Isles) the follow-
ing shall be substituted for paragraphs ( a ) and (b)-
" if it was granted under the law of any part of the British
Isles, be recognised throughout the United Kingdom " ;
and in each of sections 2, 7 and 8 of that Act for " Great
Britain " there shall be substituted " the United Kingdom " .
( 3) In so far as section 1 of that Act operates as part of the
law of Northern Ireland, it shall do so only in relation to a
decree of divorce or judicial separation granted after the coming
into force of this section ; and as respects the recognition in
Northern Ireland of any such divorce or separation as is referred
to in section 10( 4) of the Act (transitional provisions) that sub-
section shall have effect as if any reference in it to the date of the
commencement of the provisions of the Act there referred to
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c .45 1321
were a reference to the date of the coming into force of this PARTV
section .
( 4 ) This section shall be deemed for the purposes of section
6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to have been passed 1920 с. 67.
before the day referred to in that section as the appointed day.
16.-( 1 ) No proceeding in the United Kingdom, the Channel Non- judicial
Islands or the Isle of Man shall be regarded as validly dissolving divorces.
a marriage unless instituted in the courts of law of one of those
countries.
(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 6 of the Recognition
of Divorces and Legal Separations Act 1971 (as substituted by 1971 c. 53.
section 2 of this Act), a divorce which-
( a ) has been obtained elsewhere than in the United
Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man ;
and
( b) has been so obtained by means of a proceeding other
than a proceeding instituted in a court of law ; and
( c ) is not required by any of the provisions of sections 2 to
5 of that Act to be recognised as valid,
shall not be regarded as validly dissolving a marriage if both
parties to the marriage have throughout the period of one year
immediately preceding the institution of the proceeding been
habitually resident in the United Kingdom.
(3) This section does not affect the validity of any divorce
obtained before its coming into force and recognised as valid
under rules of law formerly applicable.
17.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Domicile and Citation, etc.
Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 .
( 2) Subject to sections 6(4), 12(6) and 14( 3) of this Act, the
enactments specified in Schedule 6 to this Act ( including certain
enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) are hereby
repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that
Schedule.
( 3) So long as section 2 of the Southern Rhodesia Act 1965 1965 c. 76.
remains in force, this Act shall have effect subject to such pro-
vision as may (before or after this Act comes into force) be
made by Order in Council under and for the purposes of that
section .
( 4 ) Part II of this Act extends to England and Wales only ;
Part III extends to Scotland only ; Part IV extends to Northern
Ireland only ; and this Part extends to the whole of the United
Kingdom.
(5 ) This Act shall come into force on 1st January 1974.
1322 Section 5(6 ).
с. 45
Domicile andMatrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
STAYING OF MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS (ENGLAND AND WALES)
Interpretation
1. The following five paragraphs have effect for the interpretation
of this Schedule.
2. " Matrimonial proceedings " means any proceedings so far as
they are one or more of the five following kinds, namely, proceedings
for-
divorce,
judicial separation,
nullity of marriage,
a declaration as to the validity of a marriage of the petitioner,
and
a declaration as to the subsistence of such a marriage.
"
3.- (1 ) " Another jurisdiction means any country outside
England and Wales.
( 2) " Related jurisdiction " means any of the following countries,
namely, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle
ofMan (the reference to Guernsey being treated as including Alderney
and Sark ).
4 .- (1) References to the trial or first trial in any proceedings do
not include references to the separate trial of an issue as to jurisdic-
tion only .
( 2) For purposes of this Schedule, proceedings in the court are
continuing if they are pending and not stayed.
5. Any reference in this Schedule to proceedings in another juris-
diction is to proceedings in a court of that jurisdiction, and to any
other proceedings in that jurisdiction, which are of a description pre-
scribed for the purposes of this paragraph ; and provision may be
made by rules of court as to when proceedings of any description
in another jurisdiction are continuing for the purposes of this
Schedule.
6. " Prescribed " means prescribed by rules of court.
Duty to furnish particulars of concurrent proceedings
in another jurisdiction
7. While matrimonial proceedings are pending in the court in
respect of a marriage and the trial or first trial in those proceedings
has not begun, it shall be the duty of any person who is a petitioner
in the proceedings, or is a respondent and has in his answer included
a prayer for relief, to furnish, in such manner and to such persons
and on such occasions as may be prescribed, such particulars as may
be prescribed of any proceedings which-
( a ) he knows to be continuing in another jurisdiction ; and
(b ) are in respect of that marriage or capable of affecting its
validity or subsistence .
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c. 45 1323
Obligatory stays
8.- (1 ) Where before the beginning of the trial or first trial in any
proceedings for divorce which are continuing in the court it appears
to the court on the application of a party to the marriage-
( a ) that in respect of the same marriage proceedings for divorce
or nullity of marriage are continuing in a related jurisdic-
tion; and
( b) that the parties to the marriage have resided together after
its celebration ; and
( c ) that the place where they resided together when the
proceedings in the court were begun or, if they did not then
reside together, where they last resided together before
those proceedings were begun, is in that jurisdiction ; and
( d ) that either of the said parties was habitually resident in that
jurisdiction throughout the year ending with the date on
which they last resided together before the date on which
the proceedings in the court were begun,
it shall be the duty of the court, subject to paragraph 10( 2) below,
to order that the proceedings in the court be stayed.
( 2 ) References in sub-paragraph (1) above to the proceedings in
the court are, in the case of proceedings which are not only proceed-
ings for divorce, to the proceedings so far as they are proceedings
for divorce.
Discretionary stays
9.- (1 ) Where before the beginning of the trial or first trial
in any matrimonial proceedings which are continuing in the court
it appears to the court-
( a ) that any proceedings in respect of the marriage in question,
or capable of affecting its validity or subsistence, are
continuing in another jurisdiction ; and
( b ) that the balance of fairness (including convenience) as
between the parties to the marriage is such that it is appro-
priate for the proceedings in that jurisdiction to be disposed
of before further steps are taken in the proceedings in
the court or in those proceedings so far as they consist of
aparticular kind of matrimonial proceedings,
the court may then, if it thinks fit, order that the proceedings in the
court be stayed or, as the case may be, that those proceedings be
stayed so far as they consist of proceedings of that kind.
( 2 ) In considering the balance of fairness and convenience for the
purposes of sub-paragraph (1)( b) above, the court shall have regard
to all factors appearing to be relevant, including the convenience of
witnesses and any delay or expense which may result from the
proceedings being stayed, or not being stayed.
( 3) In the case of any proceedings so far as they are proceedings
for divorce, the court shall not exercise the power conferred on it
by sub-paragraph ( 1) above while an application under paragraph 8
above in respect of the proceedings is pending.
SCH. 1
1324 1973 с. 18.
c . 45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
SCH. 1
( 4 ) If, at any time after the beginning of the trial or first trial in any
matrimonial proceedings which are pending in the court, the court
declares by order that it is satisfied that a person has failed to per-
form the duty imposed on him in respect of the proceedings by para-
graph 7 above, sub- paragraph (1) above shall have effect in relation
to those proceedings and, to the other proceedings by reference to
which the declaration is made, as if the words " before the beginning
of the trial or first trial " were omitted ; but no action shall lie
in respect of the failure of a person to perform such a duty.
Supplementary
10.- (1) Where an order staying any proceedings is in force in
pursuance of paragraph 8 or 9 above, the court may, if it thinks fit ,
on the application of a party to the proceedings , discharge the order
if it appears to the court that the other proceedings by reference
to which the order was made are stayed or concluded, or that a
party to those other proceedings has delayed unreasonably in
prosecuting them.
( 2 ) If the court discharges an order staying any proceedings and
made in pursuance of paragraph 8 above, the court shall not again
stay those proceedings in pursuance of that paragraph.
11 .- (1 ) The provisions of sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) below shall
apply ( subject to sub-paragraph ( 4) ) where proceedings for divorce,
judicial separation or nullity of marriage are stayed by reference
to proceedings in a related jurisdiction for divorce, judicial separa-
tion or nullity of marriage ; and in this paragraph-
66 custody " includes access to the child in question ;
" education " includes training ;
" lump sum order " means such an order as is mentioned in
paragraph ( f ) of section 23(1) of the Matrimonial Causes
Act 1973 (lump sum payment for children ), being an order
made under section 23(1) or (2)(a) ;
" the other proceedings " , in relation to any stayed proceedings,
means the proceedings in another jurisdiction by reference
to which the stay was imposed ;
" relevant order " means-
( a ) an order under section 22 of the Matrimonial Causes
Act 1973 ( maintenance for spouse pending suit ),
(b) such an order as is mentioned in paragraph ( d ) or ( e)
of section 23(1) of that Act (periodical payments for
children ) being an order made under section 23(1 ) or
( 2)(a) ,
( c ) an order under section 42(1)(a ) of that Act (orders for
the custody and education of children), and
( d ) except for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) below, any
order restraining a person from removing a child out of
England and Wales or out of the custody, care or
control of another person ; and
stayed " means stayed in pursuance of this Schedule.
( 2) Where any proceedings are stayed, then, without prejudice
to the effect of the stay apart from this paragraph-
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c.45 1325
( a ) the court shall not have power to make a relevant order
or a lump sum order in connection with the stayed proceed-
ings except in pursuance of paragraph ( c ) below; and
( b ) subject to paragraph (c ) below, any relevant order made
in connection with the stayed proceedings shall, unless the
stay is previously removed or the order previously discharged,
cease to have effect on the expiration of the period of three
months beginning with the date on which the stay was
imposed ; but
( c ) if the court considers that , for the purpose of dealing with
circumstances needing to be dealt with urgently, it is
necessary during or after that period to make a relevant
order or a lump sum order in connection with the stayed
proceedings or to extend or further extend the duration of
a relevant order made in connection with the stayed pro-
ceedings , the court may do so and the order shall not cease
to have effect by virtue of paragraph (b) above.
( 3) Where any proceedings are stayed and at the time when the
stay is imposed an order is in force, or at a subsequent time an
order comes into force, which was made in connection with the other
proceedings and provides for any of the four following matters ,
namely, periodical payments for a spouse of the marriage in question,
periodical payments for a child, the custody of a child and the
education of a child then, on the imposition of the stay in a case
where the order is in force when the stay is imposed and on the
coming into force of the order in any other case-
( a) any relevant order made in connection with the stayed
proceedings shall cease to have effect in so far as it makes
for a spouse or child any provision for any of those matters
as respects which the same or different provision for that
spouse or child is made by the other order ;
( b ) the court shall not have power in connection with the
stayed proceedings to make a relevant order containing for
a spouse or child provision for any of those matters as
respects which any provision for that spouse or child is
made by the other order ; and
( c ) if the other order contains provision for periodical payments
for a child, the court shall not have power in connection
with the stayed proceedings to make a lump sum order
for that child.
( 4) If any proceedings are stayed so far as they consist of matri-
monial proceedings of a particular kind but are not stayed so far
as they consist of matrimonial proceedings of a different kind, sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above shall not apply to the proceedings but,
without prejudice to the effect of the stay apart from this paragraph,
the court shall not have power to make a relevant order or a lump
sum order in connection with the proceedings so far as they are
stayed ; and in this sub-paragraph references to matrimonial
proceedings do not include proceedings for a declaration.
(5) Nothing in this paragraph affects any power of the court.
SCH . 1
1326 c . 45 Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
SCH. 1 Section 10.
1920 с. 64.
1907 с. 51 .
1861 с. 86.
1939 с. 4.
1958 с. 40.
1886 с. 27.
1938 с. 50.
1964 с. 91 .
( a ) to vary or discharge a relevant order so far as the order
is for the time being in force ; or
( b) to enforce a relevant order as respects any period when it
is or was in force ; or
( c ) to make a relevant order or a lump sum order in connec-
tion with proceedings which were but are no longer stayed.
SCHEDULE 2
ANCILLARY AND COLLATERAL ORDERS (SCOTLAND)
PART I
Enactments and rules of law referred to in section 10(1) and in
Schedule 3 paragraph 11(1)
1. Any rule of law empowering a court to make an order for pay-
ment of interim aliment pendente lite by one party to the marriage in
question for the benefit of the other, including any such rule as
extended by section 4 of the Married Women's Property (Scotland )
Act 1920.
2. Any rule of law empowering the Court of Session to make an
order for payment of aliment (other than interim aliment pendente
lite ) by one party to the marriage in question for the benefit of the
other, in connection with an action for separation, including any such
rule as extended by section 4 of the Married Women's Property
( Scotland ) Act 1920.
3. Paragraph (2) of section 5 of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act
1907 so far as relating to orders for aliment or for regulating the
custody of a child.
4. Section 9 (orders with respect to children ) of the Conjugal
Rights (Scotland ) Amendment Act 1861 as extended by section 1 of
the Custody of Children ( Scotland ) Act 1939 and by sections 7 and
14 of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Children ) Act 1958.
5. Section 10 of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act 1958
so far as relating to orders committing the care of a child to an
individual.
6. Section 13 (power to prohibit in certain cases removal of child
furth of Scotland or out of control of person having custody of him )
of the Matrimonial Proceedings ( Children) Act 1958 .
7. Any enactment or rule of law empowering a court to vary or
recall an order the power to make which is conferred by any enact-
ment mentioned in this Part of this Schedule or by any rule of law
so mentioned.
PART II
Further enactments and rules of law referred to in section 10( 1)
8. Section 7 (guardianship in case of divorce or judicial separation)
of the Guardianship of Infants Act 1886.
9. Section 2 (effect of divorce on property rights ) of the Divorce
(Scotland ) Act 1938, both as orginally enacted and as substituted by
section 7 of the Divorce ( Scotland ) Act 1964.
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c.45 1327
10. Section 10 of the Matrimonial Proceedings ( Children ) Act 1958,
SCH. 2
so far as relating to orders committing the care of a child to a local 1958 c. 40.
authority .
11. Section 12 (power of court to provide for supervision of child )
of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act 1958.
12. Section 26 (orders for financial provision on divorce) and
section 27 (orders relating to settlements and other dealings ) of the
Succession (Scotland ) Act 1964.
1964 с. 41.
13. Any rule of law empowering a court, in connection with an
action for declarator of nullity of marriage, to make an order for
restitution of property as between the parties to the marriage or for
the payment of damages by either of those parties.
14. Any rule of law empowering a court to make an order for the
payment of expenses of the action in question by either party to the
marriage.
15. Any enactment or rule of law empowering a court to vary or
recall an order the power to make which is conferred by any enact-
ment mentioned in this Part of this Schedule or by any rule of law
so mentioned.
SCHEDULE 3
SISTING OF CONSISTORIAL ACTIONS (SCOTLAND)
Interpretation
1. The following six paragraphs have effect for the interpretation
of this Schedule.
2. " Consistorial action " means any action so far as it is one
or more of the following, namely, actions for-
divorce,
separation
declarator of marriage,
declarator of nullity of marriage.
3.- (1) " Another jurisdiction "
means any country outside
Scotland.
( 2) " Related jurisdiction " means any of the following countries,
namely, England and Wales, Northern Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey and
the Isle of Man (the reference to Guernsey being treated as including
Alderney and Sark) .
4. For the purposes of this Schedule-
( a ) in any action in the Court of Session or a sheriff court
neither the taking of evidence on commission nor a separate
proof relating to any preliminary plea shall be regarded as
part of the proof in the action ; and
( b) any such action is continuing if it is pending and not sisted.
5. Any reference in this Schedule to proceedings in another juris-
diction is to proceedings in a court of that jurisdiction and to any
other proceedings in that jurisdiction which are of a description
Section 11 .
1328 с . 45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
SCH. 3 prescribed for the purposes of this paragraph ; and provision may
be made by rules of court as to when proceedings of any description
in another jurisdiction are continuing for the purposes of this
Schedule.
6. " Prescribed " means prescribed by rules of court.
Duty to furnish particulars of concurrent proceedings
in another jurisdiction
7. While any consistorial action is pending in the Court of Session
or a sheriff court and proof in that action has not begun, it shall
be the duty of the pursuer, and of any other person who has entered
appearance in the action, to furnish, in such manner and to such
persons and on such occasions as may be prescribed, such particulars
as may be so prescribed of any proceedings which-
( a ) he knows to be continuing in another jurisdiction ; and
( b) are in respect of that marriage or capable of affecting its
validity.
Mandatory sists
8. Where before the beginning of the proof in any action for
divorce which is continuing in the Court of Session it appears to
the Court on the application of a party to the marriage-
( a ) that in respect of the same marriage proceedings for divorce
or nullity of marriage are continuing in a related jurisdic-
tion ; and
( b) that the parties to the marriage have resided together after
the marriage was contracted ; and
( c ) that the place where they resided together when the action
in the Court was begun or, if they did not then reside
together, where they last resided together before the date
on which that action was begun is in that jurisdiction ; and
( d ) that either of the said parties was habitually resident in that
jurisdiction throughout the year ending with the date on
which they last resided together before the date on which
that action was begun ;
it shall be the duty of the Court, subject to paragraph 10( 2) below,
to sist the action before it.
Discretionary sists
9.- ( 1 ) Where before the beginning of the proof in any consistorial
action which is continuing in the Court of Session or in a sheriff
court , it appears to the court concerned-
( a ) that any other proceedings in respect of the marriage in
question or capable of affecting its validity are continuing
in another jurisdiction, and
(b) that the balance of fairness (including convenience) as be-
tween the parties to the marriage is such that it is appro-
priate for those other proceedings to be disposed of before
further steps are taken in the action in the said court .
the court may then if it thinks fit sist that action.
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 с. 45 1329
( 2 ) In considering the balance of fairness and convenience for the
purposes of sub-paragraph (1)( b) above, the court shall have regard
to all factors appearing to be relevant, including the convenience of
witnesses and any delay or expense which may result from the
proceedings being sisted, or not being sisted.
( 3) Sub- paragraph (1 ) above is without prejudice to the duty
imposed on the Court of Session by paragraph 8 above.
( 4) If, at any time after the beginning of the proof in any consis-
torial action which is pending in the Court of Session or a sheriff
court, the court concerned is satisfied that a person has failed to per-
form the duty imposed on him in respect of the action and any such
other proceedings as aforesaid by paragraph 7 above, sub-paragraph
(1) of this paragraph shall have effect in relation to that action and
to the other proceedings as if the words " before the beginning of
the proof " were omitted ; but no action in respect of the failure of a
person to perform such a duty shall be competent.
Supplementary
10.- ( 1 ) Where an action is sisted in pursuance of paragraph 8 or
9 above, the court may if it thinks fit , on the application of a party
to the action, recall the sist if it appears to the court that the other
proceedings by reference to which the action was sisted are sisted or
concluded or that a party to those other proceedings has delayed
unreasonably in prosecuting those other proceedings .
(2 ) Where an action has been sisted in pursuance of paragraph 8
above by reference to some other proceedings, and the court recalls
the sist in pursuance of the preceding sub-paragraph, the court shall
not again sist the action in pursuance of the said paragraph 8.
11 .- ( 1 ) The provisions of sub-paragraphs ( 2 ) and (3) below shall
apply where an action for any of the following remedies, namely,
divorce, separation and declarator of nullity of marriage, is sisted
by reference to proceedings in a related jurisdiction for any of those
remedies ; and in this paragraph-
"custody " includes access to the child in question ;
" the other proceedings " , in relation to any sisted action, means
the proceedings in another jurisdiction by reference to which
the action was sisted ;
" relevant order " means an interim order made by virtue of any
of the enactments or rules of law specified in Part I of
Schedule 2 to this Act ; and
" sisted " means sisted in pursuance of this Schedule.
( 2) Where an action such as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1)
above is sisted, then, without prejudice to the effect of the sist apart
from this paragraph-
( a ) the court shall not have power to make a relevant order in
connection with the sisted action except in pursuance of
paragraph ( c) below ; and
SCH. 3
1330 c. 45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
SCH. 3
Section 12.
1907 с. 51 . 1938 с. 50. ( b) subject to the said paragraph ( c ), any relevant order made in
connection with the sisted action shall ( unless the sist or the
relevant order has been previously recalled ) cease to have
effect on the expiration of the period of three months begin-
ning with the date on which the sist comes into operation ;
but
( c ) if the court considers that as a matter of necessity and urgency
it is necessary during or after that period to make a relevant
order in connection with the sisted action or to extend or
further extend the duration of a relevant order made in
connection with the sisted action, the court may do so, and
the order shall not cease to have effect by virtue of para-
graph (b) above.
( 3) Where any action such as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 1)
above is sisted and at the time when the sist comes into operation, an
order is in force, or at a subsequent time an order comes into force,
being an order made in connection with the other proceedings and
providing for any of the following four matters, namely periodical
payments for a spouse of the marriage in question, periodical pay-
ments for a child, the custody of a child, and the education of a
child, then, as from the time when the sist comes into operation (in
a case where the order is in force at that time ) or (in any other case)
on the coming into force of the order, -
( a ) any relevant order made in connection with the sisted action
shall cease to have effect in so far as it makes for a spouse
or child any provision for any of the said matters as respects
which the same or different provision for that spouse or child
is made by the other order ; and
(b) the court shall not have power in connection with the sisted
action to make a relevant order containing for a spouse or
child provision for any of the matters aforesaid as respects
which any provision for that spouse or child is made by
the other order.
( 4 ) Nothing in this paragraph affects any power of a court-
( a ) to vary or recall a relevant order in so far as the order is for
the time being in force ; or
( b) to enforce a relevant order as respects any period when it is
or was in force ; or
(c ) to make a relevant order in connection with an action which
was, but is no longer, sisted.
SCHEDULE 4
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF SCOTTISH ENACTMENTS
1. In section 6 of the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1907, at the
beginning, there shall be inserted the words " Subject to section 8
of the Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 " .
2. In section 5 of the Divorce (Scotland ) Act 1938, in subsection
(1), after the words " death of the other party, and " there shall be
inserted the words " subject to subsection (3) of this section " ; and
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973 c.45 1331
at the end of the said section 5 there shall be inserted the following
subsection :
"( 3 ) In proceedings on any such petition the court shall have
jurisdiction to entertain the petition if , and only if, -
( a ) the petitioner is domiciled in Scotland on the date when the
proceedings are begun, or was habitually resident there
throughout the period of one year ending with that date ; or
(b) the person whose death is sought to be presumed was domi-
ciled in Scotland on the date on which he was last known to
be alive, or had been habitually resident there throughout
the period of one year ending with that date ".
SCH. 4
SCHEDULE 5
STAYING OF MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS
( NORTHERN IRELAND )
1. Schedule 1 to this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland with
the modifications specified below.
2. For paragraph 3, substitute the following-
" 3 .- (1) “ Another jurisdiction
means any country outside
Northern Ireland.
( 2 ) " Related jurisdiction " means any of the following coun-
tries , namely, England and Wales, Scotland, Jersey, Guernsey
and the Isle of Man ( the reference to Guernsey being treated as
including Alderney and Sark). "
3. In paragraph 6, for " rules of court " substitute " rules made
under section 7 of the Northern Ireland Act 1962 " .
Section13.
1962 с. 30.
4.- (1) In paragraph 11(1), omit the definition of " lump sum
order " , and-
( a ) for sub-paragraphs (a ) to (c ) of the definition of " relevant
order " substitute-
" (a) any order under section 19 or 22 of the
Matrimonial Causes Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1939 " ; and 1939 c. 13 (N.Ι. ) .
( b) in paragraph (d ) of that definition, for " England and
Wales " substitute " Northern Ireland ".
66
( 2 ) In paragraph 11(2)(a) and ( c ), omit or a lump sum order " ;
and omit paragraph 11 (3)(c) .
1332 с. 45
Domicile and Matrimonial Proceedings Act 1973
Section 17. SCHEDULE 6
REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
2&3 Geo. 6 .
c. 13. (N.I.)
7 & 8 Geo. 6.
c. 43.
1946 с. 16.
( Ν.Ι. )
12 , 13 & 14
Geo . 6 .
c. 100.
The Matrimonial Causes Section 26.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1939.
The Matrimonial Causes Section 3 .
( War Marriages) Act
1944 .
The Marriage and Mat- Section 3.
rimonial Causes Act
( Northern Ireland) 1946.
The Law Reform ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
1949.
In section 2, subsections ( 1), (2 )
and ( 3 ).
14 Geo . 6. The Maintenance Orders In section 6( 2), the words " an
с . 37. Act 1950. action of separation and
aliment".
1951 с. 7. ( Ν.Ι. ) The Law Reform (Miscel- Section 1 .
laneous Provisions) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1951 .
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Commonwealth Im- Section 20.
с. 21.
migrants Act 1962.
1973 с. 18.
The Matrimonial Causes In section 19, in subsection ( 1)
Act 1973 . the words " subject to subsec-
tion (2) below ", subsections
( 2 ) and (5 ) .
Section 46.
c . 46 1333
HONIS
DIEU
ET
PENSE
DROIT
International Cocoa
Agreement Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 46
An Act to enable effect to be given in the United Kingdom
to the International Cocoa Agreement [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1 ) This section applies to goods of the following Regulation of
descriptions, that is to say, cocoa beans and such products importation
as are for the time being defined as cocoa products for the purposes and
of cocoa
of the International Cocoa Agreement .
products.( 2 ) No goods to which this section applies shall be imported
into the United Kingdom except under the authority of a licence
granted under this section by the Secretary of State and in
accordance with any conditions attached thereto .
( 3) The conditions which may be attached to a licence under
subsection (2) above may include a condition requiring the
production or surrender to an officer of Customs and Excise, in
relation to any goods which are imported under the licence, of
such evidence as may be specified in the licence that any contri-
bution chargeable under the International Cocoa Agreement in
respect of those goods has been paid or secured.
( 4 ) A licence granted under this section may be revoked or
varied by the Secretary of State at any time.
1334 1939 с. 69.
Short title
and com-
mencement .
с .46
International Cocoa Agreement Act 1973
( 5 ) Any person who, for the purpose of obtaining a licence
under this section, makes a statement or furnishes any document
or information which to his knowledge is false in a material
particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a
material particular, shall be liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 6 ) Nothing in any order made under section 1 of the Import,
Export and Customs Powers ( Defence) Act 1939 shall apply to
the importation into the United Kingdom of any goods to which
this section applies.
( 7 ) In this section " the International Cocoa Agreement "
means the International Cocoa Agreement 1972 which was
signed on behalf of the United Kingdom at New York on 15th
November 1972 and includes any amendment of that agreement
( whether made before or after the passing of this Act ) and any
agreement made after the passing of this Act replacing that
agreement.
2.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the International Cocoa
Agreement Act 1973 .
( 2) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary
of State may appoint by order made by statutory instrument.
c.47 1335
SINOH
PENSE
Protection
DR
DIEUETMON
ofAircraft
1973
1973 CHAPTER 47
Act
An Act to give effect to the Convention for the Suppression
of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation,
and to make other provision for the protection of
aircraft , aerodromes and air navigation installations
against acts of violence ; to amend the Hijacking Act
1971 ; and for connected purposes . [ 25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
PENALTIES FOR UNLAWFUL ACTS AGAINST
SAFETY OF AIRCRAFT
1.-(1 ) It shall, subject to subsection ( 4 ) of this section, be an Destroying,
offence for any person unlawfully and intentionally- damaging or
( a) to destroy an aircraft in service or so to damage such endangering
safety of
an aircraft as to render it incapable of flight or as to aircraft.
be likely to endanger its safety in flight, or
( b) to commit on board an aircraft in flight any act of
violence which is likely to endanger the safety of the
aircraft.
(2) It shall also, subject to subsection (4) of this section, be
an offence for any person unlawfully and intentionally to place,
or cause to be placed, on an aircraft in service any device or
1336 1948 с. 56.
1965 с. 34. c.47
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973
PART I substance which is likely to destroy the aircraft , or is likely
so to damage it as to render it incapable of flight or as to be
likely to endanger its safety in flight ; but nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed as limiting the circumstances in which
the commission of any act-
( a) may constitute subsection, or
an offence under the preceding
(b) may constitute attempting or conspiring to commit, or
aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring, or being art
and part in, the commission of such an offence.
(3) Except as provided by the next following subsection, sub-
sections ( 1 ) and (2) of this section apply whether any such act as
is therein mentioned is committed in the United Kingdom or
elsewhere, whatever the nationality of the person committing
the act and whatever the State in which the aircraft is registered.
( 4) Subsections ( 1) and (2 ) of this section do not apply to any
act committed in relation to an aircraft used in military, customs
or police service unless-
(a ) the act is committed in the United Kingdom, or
( b) where the act is committed outside the United Kingdom,
the person committing it is a person to whom the next
following subsection applies .
(5 ) This subsection applies to any person who is-
(a) a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies ;
(b) a British subject by virtue of section 2 of the British
Nationality Act 1948 ;
(c ) a British subject without citizenship by virtue of section
13 or section 16 of that Act ;
(d ) a British subject by virtue of the British Nationality
Act 1965 ; or
(e) a British protected person within the meaning of the
British Nationality Act 1948.
( 6) In this Part of this Act " unlawfully "-
( a) in relation to the commission of an act in the United
Kingdom, means so as ( apart from this Act ) to con-
stitute an offence under the law of the part of the
United Kingdom in which the act is committed, and
(b) in relation to the commission of an act outside the United
Kingdom, means so that the commission of the act
would (apart from this Act ) have been an offence under
the law of England if it had been committed in England
or of Scotland if it had been committed in Scotland.
c. 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1337
( 7 ) In this section " act of violence " means- PART I
( a ) any act done in the United Kingdom which constitutes
the offence of murder, attempted murder, manslaughter,
culpable homicide or assault or an offence under sec-
tion 18, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 28 or 29 of the Offences 1861 c. 100.
against the Person Act 1861 or under section 2 of the
Explosive Substances Act 1883, and
1883 с. 3.
( b) any act done outside the United Kingdom which, if
done in the United Kingdom, would constitute such
an offence as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph.
2.- (1 ) It shall, subject to subsections (4) and ( 5 ) of this Other acts
section, be an offence for any person unlawfully and intentionally endangering or
to destroy or damage any property to which this subsection likely to
endangerapplies, or to interfere with the operation of any such property, safety of
where the destruction, damage or interference is likely aircraft.
to endanger the safety of aircraft in flight.
(2) The preceding subsection applies to any property used for
the provision of air navigation facilities, including any land,
building or ship so used, and including any apparatus or
equipment so used, whether it is on board an aircraft or
elsewhere.
(3) It shall also, subject to subsections (4 ) and ( 5) of this
section, be an offence for any person intentionally to com-
municate any information which is false, misleading or deceptive
in a material particular, where the communication of the
information endangers the safety of an aircraft in flight or is
likely to endanger the safety of aircraft in flight.
( 4) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
under subsection (3) of this section to prove-
(a ) that he believed, and had reasonable grounds for believ-
ing, that the information was true, or
( b) that , when he communicated the information, he was
lawfully employed to perform duties which consisted
of or included the communication of information and
that he communicated the information in good faith
in the performance of those duties.
( 5) Subsections ( 1) and ( 3) of this section do not apply to
the commission of any act unless either the act is committed in
the United Kingdom, or, where it is committed outside the
United Kingdom, -
( a ) the person committing it is a person to whom section
1 (5) of this Act applies, or
(b) the commission of the act endangers or is likely to
endanger the safety in flight of a civil aircraft registered
in the United Kingdom or chartered by demise to a
lessee whose principal place of business , or (if he has
c .47
1338 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART I
Inducing or
assisting
commission
of acts
excepted from
ss. 1 and 2.
1861 с. 94.
Penalties and
proceedings.
no place of business) whose permanent residence, is
in the United Kingdom, or
(c) the act is committed on board a civil aircraft which is
so registered or so chartered, or
( d ) the act is committed on board a civil aircraft which
lands in the United Kingdom with the person who
committed the act still on board.
(6) Subsection ( 1) of this section also does not apply to any
act committed outside the United Kingdom and so committed
in relation to property which is situated outside the United King-
dom and is not used for the provision of air navigation facilities
in connection with international air navigation, unless the person
committing the act is a person to whom section 1( 5 ) of this Act
applies.
( 7) In this section " civil aircraft " means any aircraft other
than an aircraft used in military, customs or police service.
3.- (1) It shall be an offence for any person in the United
Kingdom to induce or assist the commission outside the United
Kingdom of any act which
( a) would, but for subsection ( 4 ) of section 1 of this Act,
be an offence under that section, or
( b) would, but for subsection (5) or subsection (6) of section
2 of this Act, be an offence under that section.
(2) The preceding subsection shall have effect without preju-
dice to the operation, in relation to any offence under section 1
or section 2 of this Act,
( a ) in England and Wales, or in Northern Ireland, of
section 8 of the Accessories and Abettors Act 1861 , or
( b) in Scotland, of any rule of law relating to art and part
guilt.
4.-(1 ) Any person who commits an offence under this Part
of this Act shall be liable, on conviction on indictment, to
imprisonment for life .
(2) Proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act
shall not be instituted-
( a ) in England and Wales, except by, or with the consent
of, the Attorney General, or
(b) in Northern Ireland, except by, or with the consent of,
the Attorney General for Northern Ireland ;
but the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not prevent
the arrest, or the issue of a warrant for the arrest, of any person
in respect of any offence, or the remanding in custody or on
bail of any person charged with any offence.
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973 c.47
1339
(3) As respects Scotland, for the purpose of conferring on the
PART I
sheriff jurisdiction to entertain proceedings for an offence under
this Part of this Act, any such offence shall, without prejudice
to any jurisdiction exercisable apart from this subsection, be
deemed to have been committed in any place in Scotland where
the offender may for the time being be.
( 4 ) In relation to proceedings instituted in Northern Ireland, S.I. 1972,
paragraphs (3)(b), (4 ) and (5) of Article 7 of the Prosecution of No. 538
Offences ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1972 (which relate respec- ( N.I. 1.).
tively to proof of consent, to describing the offence, or any
property or place, to which, or a person to whom, a consent
relates, and to amending a consent ) shall apply as if subsection
( 2 ) of this section were a consent provision within the meaning
of that Article.
5.- ( 1) There shall be deemed to be included-
Extradition.
( a ) in the list of extradition crimes in Schedule 1 to the
Extradition Act 1870, and
1870 с. 52.
( b) among the descriptions of offences set out in Schedule
1 to the Fugitive Offenders Act 1967,
1967 с. 68.
any offence under this Part of this Act and ( so far as not so
included by virtue of the foregoing) any attempt to commit such
anoffence.
( 2 ) Where no such arrangement as is mentioned in section
2 of the Extradition Act 1870 has been made with a State which
is a party to the Convention, an Order in Council applying that
Act may be made under that section as if the Convention were
such an arrangement with that State ; but where that Act is so
applied it shall have effect as if the only extradition crimes
within the meaning of that Act were offences under this Part
of this Act and attempts to commit such offences .
( 3) For the purposes of the Extradition Act 1870 any act,
wherever committed, which-
( a ) is an offence under this Part of this Act, or an attempt
to commit such an offence, or would be such an
offence or attempt but for subsection ( 4 ) of section 1
or subsection ( 5 ) or subsection (6) of section 2 of
this Act, and
( b) is an offence against the law of any State in the case of
which that Act has been applied by an Order in
Council under section 2 of that Act,
shall be deemed to be an offence committed within the jurisdic-
tion of that State.
( 4 ) In this section " the Convention " means the Convention
for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil
Aviation signed at Montreal on 23rd September 1971 .
6.- (1) In section 3 of the Visiting Forces Act 1952 ( restric- Amendments
tion, as respects certain offences, of trial by United Kingdom and repeal.
1952 с. 67.
c .47
1340 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART I
1971 с. 70.
S.I. 1972,
No. 538
(Ν.Ι. 1. ) .
courts of offenders connected with visiting force ) the following
amendments shall be made in substitution for those made by
section 5(2) of the Hijacking Act 1971, that is to say, in sub-
section (1) of that section, at the end of paragraph (c) there shall
be inserted the words " or
( d ) the alleged offence is the offence of hijacking on board
a military aircraft in the service of that force or con-
sists of inducing or assisting, in relation to such an
aircraft, the commission of any such act as is mentioned
in section 1 (4) (b) of the Hijacking Act 1971 ; or
(e) the alleged offence is an offence under section 1 or sec-
tion 2 of the Protection of Aircraft Act 1973, or con-
sists of inducing or assisting the commission of any
such act as is mentioned in section 3(1) of that Act,
where (in either case) one or more such aircraft was
or were the only aircraft alleged to have been, or to
have been likely to be, thereby destroyed or damaged
or whose safety is alleged to have been, or to have
been likely to be, thereby endangered ",
and in subsection ( 4) of that section, after the words " paragraphs
( b) and (c) of subsection (1) of this section" there shall be
inserted the words " and ( except in so far as they relate to
inducing or assisting the commission of any act) paragraphs (d )
and (e) of that subsection " and for the words " those para-
graphs ", in the second place where they occur, there shall be
substituted the words " paragraphs (b) and (c) of that sub-
section".
( 2) Section 5 of the Hijacking Act 1971 ( which restricts pro-
ceedings for offences under that Act ) shall have effect with
the insertion of the following subsections after subsection ( 1 ) : -
66 (1A ) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall
prevent the arrest, or the issue of a warrant for the arrest, of
any person in respect of any offence under this Act, or
the remanding in custody or on bail of any person charged
with any such offence.
( 1B ) In relation to proceedings instituted in Northern
Ireland, paragraphs (3)(b), ( 4) and (5) of Article 7 of the
Prosecution of Offences ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1972
( which relate respectively to proof of consent, to describing
the offence, or any property or place, to which, or a person
to whom, a consent relates, and to amending a consent)
shall apply as if subsection ( 1) of this section were a consent
provision within the meaning of that Article ",
and shall be deemed to have had effect with the insertion of
the first of those subsections as from the passing of the said
Act of 1971 and with the insertion of the second of them as
from 30th March 1972.
c. 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1341
( 3) In accordance with subsection ( 1) of this section, section
5( 2 ) of the Hijacking Act 1971 is hereby repealed.
PART I
1971 с. 70.
PART II
PROTECTION OF AIRCRAFT, AERODROMES AND AIR NAVIGATION
INSTALLATIONS AGAINST ACTS OF VIOLENCE
7.- ( 1) The purposes to which this Part of this Act applies Purposes to
are the protection against acts of violence-
which Part
(a) of aircraft, and of persons or property on board
II applies.
aircraft ;
( b ) of aerodromes, and of such persons or property as (in
the case of persons) are at any time present in any part
of an aerodrome or (in the case of property) forms part
of an aerodrome or is at any time ( whether permanently
or temporarily ) in any part of an aerodrome ; and
(c) of air navigation installations which do not form part
of an aerodrome.
( 2 ) In this Part of this Act " act of violence " means any act
( whether actual or potential, and whether done or to be done in
the United Kingdom or elsewhere) which either-
(a ) being an act done in Great Britain, constitutes, or
( b) if done in Great Britain would constitute,
the offence of murder, attempted murder, manslaughter, culpable
homicide or assault, or an offence under section 18, 20, 21, 22,
23, 24, 28 or 29 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861, 1861 с. 100.
under section 2 of the Explosive Substances Act 1883 or under 1883 с. 3 .
section 1 of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 or, in Scotland, the 1971 с. 48.
offence of malicious mischief.
8.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, by notice in writing served Power for
on any person who is-
( a) the operator of one or more aircraft registered or
operating in the United Kingdom, or
Secretary
ofState
to require
information.( b ) the manager of an aerodrome in the United Kingdom,
require that person to inform the Secretary of State of the
measures, of a description specified in the notice, which are being
taken in respect of aircraft registered or operating in the United
Kingdom of which he is the operator or in respect of that aero-
drome, as the case may be, for purposes to which this Part of
this Act applies.
( 2 ) A notice under subsection (1 ) of this section shall specify a
date (not being earlier than four weeks from the date on which
the notice is served) before which the information required by
the notice in accordance with subsection (1 ) of this section is to
be furnished to the Secretary of State.
c.47
1342 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART II
Power to
impose restrictions
in relation
to aircraft.
( 3) Any such notice shall also require the person on whom it
is served, after he has furnished to the Secretary of State the
information required by the notice in accordance with subsection
( 1) of this section, to inform the Secretary of State if at any time-
( a ) any further measures, in respect of aircraft registered or
operating in the United Kingdom of which at that time
he is the operator, or in respect of the aerodrome to
which the information so furnished related, as the case
may be, are taken for purposes to which this Part of this
Act applies, either by way of alteration of, or addition
to, the measures specified in any information previously
furnished by him under this section or by way of
applying any measures so specified to aircraft, or to a
part of the aerodrome, not comprised in the previous
information, or
( b) any measures taken as mentioned in that subsection or
in paragraph (a) of this subsection are discontinued.
( 4 ) In so far as such a notice requires further information to
be furnished to the Secretary of State in accordance with sub-
section ( 3) of this section, it shall require that information to be
furnished to him before the end of such period (not being less
than seven days from the date on which the further measures
in question are taken or the measures are discontinued, as the case
may be) as is specified in the notice for the purposes of this
subsection.
(5 ) A notice served on a person under subsection ( 1) of this
section may at any time be revoked by a further notice served
on him by the Secretary of State.
9.- ( 1) For purposes to which this Part of this Act applies the
Secretary of State may give a direction in writing to the operator
of any one or more aircraft registered or operating in the
United Kingdom, or to any person appearing to the Secretary of
State to be about to become such an operator, requiring him-
( a) not to cause or permit persons or property to go or be
taken on board the aircraft, or to come or be brought
into proximity to the aircraft, unless such searches of
those persons or that property as are specified in the
direction have been carried out by constables or by
other persons of a description specified in the direction,
or
( b ) not to cause or permit the aircraft to fly unless such
searches of the aircraft as are specified in the direction
have been carried out by constables or by other persons
of a description so specified.
( 2) Subject to the next following subsection, the Secretary of
State may give a direction in writing to the operator of any one
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1343
c . 47
or more aircraft registered in the United Kingdom, or to any
person appearing to the Secretary of State to be about to become
such an operator, requiring him not to cause or permit the
aircraft to fly unless such modifications or alterations of the
aircraft, or of apparatus or equipment installed in the aircraft,
as are specified in the direction have first been carried out,
or such additional apparatus or equipment as is so specified is
first installed in the aircraft.
( 3) Before giving any direction under subsection ( 2) of this
section the Secretary of State shall inform the Civil Aviation
Authority of the modifications, alterations or additional
apparatus or equipment proposed to be required, and shall take
account of any advice given to him by that Authority with respect
to those proposals .
( 4 ) In giving any direction under subsection ( 2) of this
section the Secretary of State shall allow, and shall specify
in the direction, such period as appears to him to be reasonably
required for carrying out the modifications or alterations or
installing the additional apparatus or equipment in question ;
and the direction shall not take effect before the end of the
period so specified.
( 5 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act,
a direction given to an operator of aircraft under subsection ( 1)
of this section may be given so as to relate-
( a ) either to all the aircraft registered or operating in the
United Kingdom of which at the time when the direc-
tion is given or at any subsequent time he is the
operator or only to one or more such aircraft, or to a
class of such aircraft, specified in the direction ;
( b) either to all persons or only to one or more persons, or
persons of one or more descriptions, specified in the
direction ; and
( c) either to property of every description or only to parti-
cular property, or property of one or more descriptions ,
specified in the direction ;
and a direction given to an operator of aircraft under subsection
( 2) of this section may be given so as to relate either to all aircraft
registered in the United Kingdom of which at the time when the
direction is given or at any subsequent time he is the operator or
only to one or more such aircraft, or to a class of such aircraft,
specified in the direction.
( 6) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act,
any direction given under this section to an operator of aircraft
not to cause or permit anything to be done shall be construed
PART II
c.47
1344 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART II
Power to
require
aerodrome
managers to
promote
searches at
aerodromes.
General
power to
direct
measures to
be taken for
purposes to
which Part
II applies.
as requiring him to take all such steps as in any particular
circumstances are practicable and necessary to prevent that thing
from being done.
( 7 ) Adirection given under this section to a person, as being
a person appearing to the Secretary of State to be about to
become such an operator as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) or
subsection (2) of this section, shall not take effect until he becomes
such an operator ; and, in relation to such a direction, sub-
sections (5) and (6) of this section shall apply with the necessary
modifications .
10.-( 1 ) For purposes to which this Part of this Act applies
the Secretary of State may give a direction in writing to the
manager of any aerodrome in the United Kingdom requiring
him to use his best endeavours to secure that such searches to
which this section applies as are specified in the direction are
carried out by constables or by other persons of a description
specified in the direction .
( 2) The searches to which this section applies, in relation to
an aerodrome, are searches-
( a ) of the aerodrome or any part of it ;
(b) of any aircraft which at the time when the direction is
given or at any subsequent time is in any part of the
aerodrome ; and
( c ) of persons or property (other than aircraft) which may
at any such time be in any part of the aerodrome.
11.-(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
the Secretary of State may give a direction in writing to any
person who is-
( a) the operator of one or more aircraft registered or
operating in the United Kingdom, or
( b) the manager of an aerodrome in the United Kingdom,
requiring him to take, in respect of aircraft registered or operating
in the United Kingdom of which he is the operator or in respect
of that aerodrome, as the case may be, such measures for pur-
poses to which this Part of this Act applies as are specified in the
direction.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
section, the measures to be specified in a direction given under
this section to an operator of aircraft, or to the manager of an
aerodrome, may include the provision by the operator or man-
ager of persons charged with the duty ( at such times as may be
specified in the direction)-
( a ) of guarding the aircraft, or
c.47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1345
( b) of guarding the aerodrome, or persons or property
( including aircraft ) in any part of the aerodrome,
against acts of violence.
PART II
( 3) A direction given under this section may be either of a
general or of a specific character, and may require any measures
specified in the direction to be taken at such time or within such
period as may be so specified.
( 4 ) Adirection given under subsection (1) of this section to an
operator of aircraft may be given so as to relate either to all the
aircraft registered or operating in the United Kingdom of which
at the time when the direction is given or at any subsequent time
he is the operator or only to one or more such aircraft, or to a
class of such aircraft, specified in the direction .
( 5) Adirection under this section-
( a ) shall not require any search (whether of persons or of
property), and
( b) shall not require the modification or alteration of any
aircraft, or of any of its apparatus or equipment, or the
installation of additional apparatus or equipment, or
prohibit any aircraft from being caused or permitted to
fly without some modification or alteration of the air-
craft or its apparatus or equipment or the installation
of additional apparatus or equipment.
(6 ) A direction may be given under this section to a person
appearing to the Secretary of State to be about to become such
an operator or manager as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or
paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) of this section ; but a direction
given to a person by virtue of this subsection shall not take
effect until he becomes such an operator or manager, and, in
relation to a direction so given, the preceding provisions of this
section shall apply with the necessary modifications .
( 7 ) The ownership of any property shall not be affected by
reason only that it is placed on or under, or affixed to, any land
in compliance with a direction under this section .
12.-( 1) A direction under subsection ( 1) of section 9 or under Matters
section 10 of this Act may specify the minimum number of per- which may
be included
sons by whom any search to which the direction relates is to indirections
be carried out, the qualifications which persons carrying out any under ss. 9
such search are to have, the manner in which any such search to 11 .
is to be carried out, and any apparatus , equipment or other aids
to be used for the purpose of carrying out any such search.
Part II U
c . 47
1346 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART II
( 2) A direction under subsection (2) of section 9 of this Act
may specify the qualifications required to be had by persons
carrying out any modifications or alterations, or the installation
of any additional apparatus or equipment, to which the direction
relates.
( 3) Before specifying any qualifications in accordance with
subsection ( 2) of this section, the Secretary of State shall inform
the Civil Aviation Authority of the qualifications proposed to be
specified, and shall take account of any advice given to him by
thatAuthority with respect to those proposals.
( 4 ) Adirection under section 11 of this Act may specify-
( a ) the minimum number of persons to be employed for the
purposes of any measures required by the direction to
be taken by an operator of aircraft or by the manager
of an aerodrome, and the qualifications which persons
employed for those purposes are to have, and
( b) any apparatus, equipment or other aids to be used for
those purposes.
( 5) In so far as a direction under any of the preceding provi-
sions of this Part of this Act requires searches to be carried out,
or other measures to be taken, by constables, the direction may
require the person to whom it is given to use his best endeavours
to secure that constables will be duly authorised to carry, and
will carry, firearms when carrying out the searches or taking the
measures in question.
( 6 ) Nothing in subsections ( 1) to ( 5 ) of this section shall be
construed as limiting the generality of any of the preceding
provisions of this Part of this Act.
( 7 ) In this section " qualifications " includes training and
experience.
Limitations
13 .-(1 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 5 ) of section 12
onscope of directions
of this Act, a direction shall not require or authorise any person
underss. 9
to carry a firearm .
to 11.
( 2) A direction shall not have effect in relation to any aircraft
used in military, customs or police service.
( 3) Adirection shall not have effect in relation to any aircraft
of which the operator is the Government of a country outside
the United Kingdom, or is a department or agency of such a
Government, except at a time when any such aircraft is being
used for the carriage of passengers or cargo for reward or is for
the time being allocated by that Government, department or
agency for such use.
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973 c . 47
1347
( 4) Adirection ( except in so far as it requires any building or
other works to be constructed, executed, altered, demolished or
removed ) shall not be construed as requiring or authorising the
operator of any aircraft, or the manager of any aerodrome, or
any person acting as the servant or agent of such an operator
or manager, to do anything which, apart from the direction,
would constitute an act of violence ; but nothing in this subsection
shall restrict the use of such force as is reasonable in the cir-
cumstances (whether at the instance of such an operator or
manager or otherwise) by a constable, or its use by any other
person in the exercise of a power conferred by the following
provisions of this Act.
( 5 ) In so far as a direction requires anything to be done or
not done at a place outside the United Kingdom-
( a ) it shall not have effect except in relation to aircraft
registered in the United Kingdom, and
( b ) it shall not have effect so as to require anything to be
done or not done in contravention of any provision of
the law (whether civil or criminal) in force at that place,
other than any such provision relating to breach of
contract.
( 6 ) In so far as a direction given to the manager of an
aerodrome requires any building or other works to be constructed,
executed, altered, demolished or removed on land outside the
aerodrome, or requires any other measures to be taken on such
land, the direction shall not confer on the manager of the
aerodrome any rights as against aperson having-
( a ) aninterest in that land, or
( b) a right to occupy that land, or
( c ) aright restrictive of its use ;
and accordingly the direction shall not be construed as requiring
the manager of the aerodrome to do anything which would be
actionable at the suit or instance of such aperson in his capacity
as a person having that interest or right.
( 7 ) Nothing in this section shall be construed as derogating
from any exemption or immunity of the Crown in relation to the
provisions of this Part of this Act.
( 8 ) In this section " direction " ineans a direction under section
9, section 10 or section 11 of this Act.
PARTII
14.- ( 1) This section applies to any direction given under Special
section 11 of this Act which- provisions as
to certain
(a ) requires a person to take measures consisting of or directions
including the construction, execution, alteration, under s. 11.
demolition or removal of a building or other works,
and
Part II U2
1348 PART II
Operation of
directions
under Part II
inrelation
to rights and
duties under
other laws .
c. 47
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973
(b) does not contain a statement that the measures are
urgently required and that accordingly the direction
is to take effect immediately.
( 2) At any time before the end of the period of thirty days
beginning with the date on which a direction to which this
section applies is given, the person to whom the direction is
given may serve on the Secretary of State a notice in writing
objecting to the direction, on the grounds that the measures
specified in the direction, in so far as they relate to the con-
struction, execution, alteration, demolition or removal of a
building or other works, -
( a) are unnecessary and should be dispensed with, or
(b) are excessively onerous or inconvenient and should be
modified in a manner specified in the notice.
( 3) Where the person to whom such a direction is given serves
a notice under subsection (2) of this section objecting to the
direction, the Secretary of State shall consider the grounds of
the objection and, if so required by the objector, shall afford to
him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by,
a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose,
and shall then serve on the objector a notice in writing either-
( a) confirming the direction as originally given, or
( b) confirming it subject to one or more modifications
specified in the notice under this subsection, or
(c) withdrawing the direction ;
and the direction shall not take effect until it has been con-
firmed (with or without modifications) by a notice served under
this subsection .
15.-( 1) The following provisions of this section, where they
refer to a direction under any of the preceding provisions of this
Part of this Act, shall be construed as referring to that direction
as it has effect subject to any limitation imposed on its
operation-
( a ) by section 13 of this Act, or
(b) by any exemption or immunity of the Crown ;
and any reference in those provisions to compliance with such a
direction shall be construed as a reference to compliance with it
subject to any limitation so imposed.
( 2) In so far as any such direction requires anything to be
done or not done in the United Kingdom, the direction shall
have effect notwithstanding anything contained in any contract
( whether a United Kingdom contract or not ) or contained in, or
having effect by virtue of, any other Act or any rule of law ; and
accordingly no proceedings (whether civil or criminal ) shall lie
c . 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1349
against any person in any United Kingdom court by reason of PART II
anything done or not done by him or on his behalf in compliance
with such a direction.
( 3) In so far as such a direction requires anything to be done
or not done at a place outside the United Kingdom, the direction
shall have effect notwithstanding anything contained in any
contract (whether a United Kingdom contract or not) ; and
accordingly, where such a direction is inconsistent with anything
in such a contract, it shall ( without prejudice to any proceedings
in a court other than a United Kingdom court) be construed as
requiring compliance with the direction notwithstanding that
compliance would be in breach of that contract.
( 4 ) No proceedings for breach of contract shall lie against any
person in a United Kingdom court by reason of anything done
or not done by him or on his behalf at a place outside the United
Kingdom in compliance with any such direction, if the contract
in question is a United Kingdom contract.
( 5 ) In this section " United Kingdom court " means a court
exercising jurisdiction in any part of the United Kingdom under
the law of the United Kingdom or of part of the United Kingdom,
and " United Kingdom contract " means a contract which is
either expressed to have effect in accordance with the law of the
United Kingdom or of part of the United Kingdom or (not being
so expressed) is a contract of which the proper law is the law
of the United Kingdom or of part of the United Kingdom .
16 .- (1) It shall be an offence for any person without lawful Offences in
relation
authority or reasonable excuse ( the proof of which shall lie onto certain
him ) to have with him— dangerous
( a ) in any aircraft registered in the United Kingdom, articles.
whether at a time when the aircraft is in the United
Kingdom or not, or
( b) in any other aircraft at a time when it is in, or in flight
over, the United Kingdom, or
( c ) in any part of an aerodrome in the United Kingdom,
or
(d ) in any air navigation installation in the United Kingdom
which does not form part of an aerodrome,
any article to which this section applies .
( 2) This section applies to the following articles, that is to
say-
(a) any firearm, or any article having the appearance of
being a firearm, whether capable of being discharged
or not ;
( b) any explosive, any article manufactured or adapted
( whether in the form of a bomb, grenade or otherwise)
so as to have the appearance of being an explosive,
Part II U3
c . 47
1350 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART II
whether it is capable of producing a practical effect by
explosion or not, or any article marked or labelled so
as to indicate that it is or contains an explosive ; and
( c ) any article ( not falling within either of the preceding
paragraphs) made or adapted for use for causing injury
to or incapacitating a person or for destroying or
damaging property, or intended by the person having
it with him for such use, whether by him or by any
other person.
( 3) For the purposes of this section a person who is for the
time being in an aircraft, or in part of an aerodrome, shall
be treated as having with him in the aircraft, or in that part of
the aerodrome, as the case may be, an article to which this
section applies if-
(a) where he is in an aircraft, the article, or an article in
which it is contained, is in the aircraft and has been
caused (whether by him or by any other person ) to be
brought there as being, or as forming part of, his
baggage on a flight in the aircraft or has been caused by
him to be brought there as being, or as forming part of,
any other property to be carried on such a flight, or
( b) where he is in part of an aerodrome ( otherwise than in
an aircraft) , the article, or an article in which it is
contained, is in that or any other part of the aerodrome
and has been caused ( whether by him or by any other
person ) to be brought into the aerodrome as being, or
as forming part of, his baggage on a flight from that
aerodrome or has been caused by him to be brought
there as being, or as forming part of, any other property
to be carried on such a flight on which he is also to be
carried ,
notwithstanding that the circumstances may be such that (apart
from this subsection) he would not be regarded as having the
article with him in the aircraft or in a part of the aerodrome, as
the case may be.
( 4) Nothing in subsection ( 3) of this section shall be construed
as limiting the circumstances in which a person would, apart
from that subsection, be regarded as having an article with him
as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.
Inspection of
aircraft and
aerodromes.
17.-(1) For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of State
to determine whether to give a direction to any person under
any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, or of
ascertaining whether any such direction is being or has been
complied with, any person authorised in writing by the Secretary
of State (in this section referred to as an " authorised person ")
c.47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1351
shall have power, on production (if required) of his credentials, PART II
to inspect-
(a) any aircraft registered or operating in the United
Kingdom, at a time when it is in the United Kingdom,
or
( b) any part of any aerodrome in the United Kingdom.
( 2) An authorised person inspecting an aircraft or any part of
an aerodrome under subsection ( 1) of this section shall have
power-
( a) to subject any property found by him in the aircraft (but
not the aircraft itself or any apparatus or equipment
installed in it ) or, as the case may be, to subject that
part of the aerodrome or any property found by him
there, to such tests, or
( b) to require the operator of the aircraft, or the manager of
the aerodrome, to furnish to him such information,
as the authorised person may consider necessary for the purpose
for which the inspection is carried out.
( 3) Subject to the next following subsection, an authorised
person, for the purpose of exercising any power conferred on
him by the preceding provisions of this section in relation to an
aircraft or in relation to an aerodrome, shall have power-
( a) for the purpose of inspecting an aircraft , to enter it and
to take all such steps as are necessary to detain it, or
(b) for the purpose of inspecting any part of an aerodrome,
to enter any building or works in the aerodrome or
enter upon any land in the aerodrome.
( 4 ) The powers conferred by subsection (3) of this section
shall not include power for an authorised person to use force
for the purpose of entering any aircraft, building or works or
entering upon any land.
18.-(1 ) Sections 8, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 17 of this Act shall Application of
have effect in relation to air navigation installations in the United provisions of
Kingdom in accordance with the following provisions of this Part II to air
navigation
section.
installations .
( 2 ) In relation to any such air navigation installation which
does not form part of an aerodrome, those sections shall have
effect as if in them any reference to an aerodrome were a
reference to such an air navigation installation and any reference
to the manager of an aerodrome were a reference to the authority
responsible for such an air navigation installation.
( 3) Where an air navigation installation forms part of an
aerodrome in the United Kingdom, those sections shall have
Part II U4
c . 47
1352 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART II effect as if in them any reference to an aerodrome were a
reference either-
(a ) to an aerodrome, or
(b) to an air navigation installation which forms part of an
aerodrome, or
(c ) to so much of an aerodrome as does not consist of an
air navigation installation ;
and accordingly a notice under section 8 or a direction under
section 10 or section 11 of this Act may be served or given either
in respect of the whole of the aerodrome, or in respect of the air
navigation installation separately, or in respect of so much of
the aerodrome as does not consist of an air navigation
installation.
( 4 ) For the purposes of the service of a notice or the giving
of a direction under section 8, section 10 or section 11 of this
Act as modified by subsection (3) of this section, where the
notice is to be served or the direction given in respect of an air
navigation installation separately, and for the purposes of the
operation of section 13(6) of this Act in relation to a direction so
given, any reference in any of those sections to the manager
of the aerodrome shall be construed as a reference to any person
who is either the manager of the aerodrome or the authority
responsible for the air navigation installation.
(5) A direction under section 11 of this Act, as applied or
modified by the preceding provisions of this section, may be
given to the authority responsible for one or more air navigation
installations so as to relate either-
(a) to all air navigation installations in the United Kingdom
for which it is responsible at the time when the direc-
tion is given or at any subsequent time, or
( b ) only to one or more such air navigation installations, or
to a class of such air navigation installations, specified
in the direction.
( 6 ) In sections 14(1) and 15( 1) of this Act any reference to a
direction given under a provision therein mentioned shall be
construed as including a reference to a direction given under that
provision as applied or modified by the preceding provisions of
this section.
( 7 ) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 2) (a) of section 17
of this Act, a person inspecting an air navigation installation
under that section ( or under that section as applied or modified
by the preceding provisions of this section ) shall not be em-
powered thereby to test any apparatus or equipment which con-
stitutes or forms part of the air navigation installation.
c . 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1353
PART III
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
19.-( 1) Where a constable has reasonable cause to suspect Powers
that a person about to embark on an aircraft in the United exercisable on suspicion
Kingdom, or a person on board such an aircraft, intends to of intended
commit, in relation to the aircraft, an offence under Part I of offence.
this Act or under the Hijacking Act 1971, the constable may 1971 c. 70.
prohibit him from travelling on board the aircraft ; and for the
purpose of enforcing that prohibition the constable-
( a) may prevent him from embarking on the aircraft or, as
the case may be, may remove him from the aircraft, and
( b) may arrest him without warrant and detain him for so
long as may be necessary for that purpose.
( 2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, where a
direction given under section 10 of this Act to the manager of
an aerodrome is for the time being in force, then if a constable,
or any other person specified in the direction in accordance with
that section, has reasonable cause to suspect that an article to
which section 16 of this Act applies is in , or may be brought
into, any part of the aerodrome, he may, by virtue of this sub-
section and without a warrant, search any part of the aerodrome
or any aircraft , vehicle, goods or other movable property of any
description which, or any person who, is for the time being in
any part of the aerodrome, and for that purpose-
( a ) may enter any building or works in the aerodrome, or
enter upon any land in the aerodrome, if need be by
force, and
(b ) may stop any such aircraft, vehicle, goods, property or
person and detain it or him for so long as may be
necessary for that purpose.
(3) Where a direction given under section 10 of this Act, as
applied or modified by section 18 of this Act, is for the time
being in force-
(a) if it is a direction given in respect of an air navigation
installation separately (whether that installation forms
part of an aerodrome or not ), subsection (2) of this
section shall have effect in relation to that direction as
if the air navigation installation were an aerodrome
and, where the direction was given to the authority
responsible for the air navigation installation, as if it
had been given to the manager of that aerodrome ;
( b) if it is a direction given in respect of so much of an
aerodrome as does not consist of an air navigation
installation, subsection (2) of this section shall have
c . 47
1354 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART III
1971 с. 70.
1967 с. 58.
1967 с. 18.
( Ν.Ι.) .
Penalties in
connection
with exercise
ofpowers
under Part II
or under s. 19.
effect in relation to that direction as if any air navigation
installation comprised in the aerodrome did not form
part of the aerodrome.
( 4 ) Subsections ( 1) to ( 3) of this section shall have effect
without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any offence
under this Act or under the Hijacking Act 1971 , —
( a ) inEngland and Wales, of section 2 of the Criminal Law
Act 1967 (which confers power to arrest without
warrant ) or of section 3 of that Act (use of force in
making arrest, etc.), or
( b) in Scotland , of any rule of law relating to power to
arrest without warrant, or
( c ) in Northern Ireland, of section 2 or section 3 of the
Criminal Law Act ( Northern Ireland) 1967 .
20.-( 1) Any person who-
( a ) refuses or without reasonable excuse fails to comply
with a requirement imposed on him by a notice under
section 8 of this Act, or with a requirement imposed
on him under subsection (2)(b) of section 17 of this
Act, or
( b) in furnishing any information so required, makes a
statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular, or recklessly makes a statement which is
false in a material particular,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) Any person who refuses or fails to comply with a direction
given to him under section 9 or section 10 of this Act shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 3) Any person to whom a direction is given under section 11
of this Act, and who refuses or without reasonable excuse fails
to comply with the direction, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) Any person who-
( a ) wilfully obstructs or impedes a person acting in the
exercise of a power conferred on him by or under
section 17 or section 19 of this Act, or
( b) wilfully interferes with any building constructed or
works executed on any land in compliance with a
direction under section 11 of this Act or with anything
installed on, under, over or across any land in com-
pliance with such a direction,
shall be guilty of an offence.
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973 c .47
1355
( 5 ) In the preceding provisions of this section any reference
PART III
to section 8, section 10 or section 11 or to any provision of
section 17 of this Act shall be construed as including a reference
to that section or provision as applied or modified by section 18
of this Act.
( 6 ) A person guilty of an offence under section 16 of this
Act shall be liable-
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months
or to both ;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding five years or to both,
( 7) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be
liable-
( a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 ;
( b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.
21.-( 1 ) Where an offence under this Act which has been Offences
committed by abody corporate is proved to have been committed by bodies
with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any corporate.
neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body
corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable
to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 2) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to
the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his func-
tions of management as if he were a director of the body
corporate.
22.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect where, Compensation
in compliance with a direction under section 11 of this Act or in respect
under that section as applied or modified by section 18 of this of certain
measures
Act , the manager of an aerodrome or the authority responsible akender
for an air navigation installation takes any measures consisting of Part II.
the construction, execution, alteration, demolition or removal
of a building or other works on land either within or outside
the aerodrome or that air navigation installation, as the case may
be .
( 2) If the value of any interest in that land to which a person
is entitled is depreciated in consequence of the taking of those
measures, or the person having such an interest suffers loss in
consequence of them by being disturbed in his enjoyment of any
of that land, he shall be entitled to compensation equal to the
amount of the depreciation or loss .
c. 47
1356 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART III
Reimburse-
ment of
expenses
incurred for
purposes to
which Part
II applies.
Annual report
by Secretary of
State as to
notices and
directions
under Part II. ( 3) If any land other than the land on which the measures are
taken is injuriously affected by the taking of those measures,
any person having an interest in that other land, who suffers loss
in consequence of its being injuriously affected, shall be entitled
to compensation equal to the amount of the loss .
( 4 ) Any compensation to which a person is entitled under this
section shall be payable to him by the person (whether being a
manager of an aerodrome or the authority responsible for an air
navigation installation) by whom the measures in question were
taken.
(5) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect
for the purposes of this section ; and the preceding provisions
of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of that
Schedule.
23.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State with the approval of the
Treasury may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, reimburse
to any person who is-
(a) the operator of one or more aircraft registered or operat-
ing in the United Kingdom, or
( b) the manager of an aerodrome in the United Kingdom,
or
( c ) the authority responsible for an air navigation instal-
lation in the United Kingdom,
the whole or part of any expenses which, for purposes to which
Part II of this Act applies, have at any time on or after 1st June
1972 been, or may at any time after the commencement of this
Act be, incurred by that person in relation to those aircraft or to
that aerodrome or air navigation installation, as the case may be,
whether (in the case of expenses incurred after the commence-
ment of this Act) the expenses are incurred in consequence of a
direction given under Part II of this Act or not.
( 2) For the purposes of this section any expenses incurred in
paying compensation under section 22 of this Act shall be
treated as being expenses incurred as mentioned in the preceding
subsection.
24. ( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall, on or before 31st
January in each year, lay before each House of Parliament a
report stating the number of notices served by him under section
8 and the number of directions given by him under sections 9,
10 and 11 of this Act during the period of twelve months which
expired with the preceding December.
( 2) Each such report shall deal separately with notices served
under section 8, directions given under section 9, directions given
under section 10 and directions given under section 11 of this
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973 c .47
1357
Act, and, in relation to each of those matters, shall show
PART III
separately-
( a ) the number of notices or directions which, during the
period to which the report relates, were served on or
given to persons as being, or as appearing to the
Secretary of State to be about to become, operators of
aircraft ;
( b) the number of notices or directions which during that
period were served on or given to persons as being, or
as appearing to the Secretary of State to be about to
become, managers of aerodromes ; and
( c) the number of notices or directions which during that
period were served on or given to persons as being, or
as appearing to the Secretary of State to be about to
become, authorities responsible for air navigation
installations .
( 3) In this section any reference to section 8, section 10 or
section 11 of this Act shall be construed as including a reference
to that section as applied or modified by section 18 of this Act.
25. Any notice, direction or other document required or Service of
authorised by any provision of this Act to be served on or given documents.
to any person may be served or given-
( a) by delivering it to him, or
( b) by sending it to him by post at his usual or last- known
residence or place of business, whether in the United
Kingdom or elsewhere, or
( c ) in the case of a body corporate, by delivering it to the
secretary, clerk or similar officer of the body corporate
at its registered or principal office in the United King-
dom (or, if it has no office in the United Kingdom, at
its principal office, wherever it may be) or sending it
by post to the secretary, clerk or similar officer of that
body corporate at that office.
26.-(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise Interpretation ,
requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby
assigned to them, that is to say-
" aerodrome " means the aggregate of the land, buildings
and works comprised in an aerodrome as defined by
section 28 (3) of the Civil Aviation Act 1968 and (if 1968 c. 61.
and so far as not comprised in an aerodrome as so
defined ) any land, building or works situated within
the boundaries of an area designated, by an order
made by the Secretary of State which is for the time
being in force, as constituting the area of an aerodrome
for the purposes of this Act ;
1358 c. 47
Protection of Aircraft Act 1973
PART III
1971 с. 75.
" air navigation installation " means any building, works,
apparatus or equipment used wholly or mainly for the
purpose of assisting air traffic control or as an aid to
air navigation, together with any land contiguous or
adjacent to any such building, works, apparatus or
equipment and used wholly or mainly for purposes
connected therewith ;
" aircraft registered or operating in the United Kingdom "
means any aircraft which is either-
( a) an aircraft registered in the United Kingdom,
or
( b) an aircraft not so registered which is for the
time being allocated for use on flights which (other-
wise than in exceptional circumstances ) include
landing at or taking off from one or more aerodromes
in the United Kingdom ;
" article " includes any substance, whether in solid or liquid
form or in the form of a gas or vapour ;
" constable " includes any person having the powers and
privileges of a constable ;
" explosive " means any article manufactured for the purpose
ofproducing a practical effect by explosion, or intended
for that purpose by a person having the article with
him;
" firearm " includes an airgun or air pistol ;
" manager ", in relation to an aerodrome, means the person
( whether being the British Airports Authority, the Civil
Aviation Authority, a local authority or any other
person ) by whom the aerodrome is managed;
" military service " includes naval and air force service ;
" measures " (without prejudice to the generality of that
expression ) includes the construction, execution, altera-
tion, demolition or removal of buildings or other works
and also includes the institution or modification, and
the supervision and enforcement, of any practice or
procedure ;
" operator " has the same meaning as in the Civil Aviation
Act 1971 ;
" property " includes any land, buildings or works, any
aircraft or vehicle and any baggage, cargo or other
article of any description.
( 2) For the purposes of this Act-
( a ) in the case of an air navigation installation provided
by, or used wholly or mainly by, the Civil Aviation
Authority, that Authority, and
c . 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1359
( b ) in the case of any other air navigation installation, the
manager of an aerodrome by whom it is provided, or
by whom it is wholly or mainly used,
shall be taken to be the authority responsible for that air naviga-
tion installation.
PART III
( 3) For the purposes of this Act-
( a ) the period during which an aircraft is in flight shall be
deemed to include any period from the moment when
all its external doors are closed following embarkation
until the moment when any such door is opened for
disembarkation, and, in the case of a forced landing,
any period until the competent authorities take over
responsibility for the aircraft and for persons and
property on board ; and
( b) an aircraft shall be taken to be in service during the
whole of the period which begins with the pre-flight
preparation of the aircraft for a flight and ends twenty-
four hours after the aircraft lands having completed
that flight, and also at any time ( not falling within that
period ) while, in accordance with the preceding para-
graph, the aircraft is in flight,
and anything done on board an aircraft while in flight over any
part of the United Kingdom shall be treated as done in that part
of the United Kingdom.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act the territorial waters adjacent
to any part of the United Kingdom shall be treated as included
in that part of the United Kingdom .
( 5) Any power to make an order under subsection (1 ) of
this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument ; and any
statutory instrument whereby any such order is made shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House
of Parliament.
( 6 ) Any power to make an order under subsection (1) of this
section, or to give a direction under any provision of this Act,
shall be construed as including power to revoke or vary any
such order or direction by a further order or direction made
under that subsection, or given under that provision, as the
case may be.
( 7 ) Subject to section 33 of the Interpretation Act 1889 ( which 1889 c . 63.
relates to offences under two or more laws ), sections 1 to 3 of this
Act shall not be construed as-
( a ) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings in
respect of any contravention of this Act, or
c. 47
1360 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
PART III
( b ) derogating from any right of action or other remedy
( whether civil or criminal) in proceedings instituted
otherwise than under this Act.
( 8) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under
any other enactment, including this Act.
( 9) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, any
reference to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland,
or to an enactment which that Parliament has power to amend, -
( a ) shall be construed as including a reference to any enact-
ment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland passed
after this Act and re- enacting the said enactment with
or without modifications, and
( b) shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires,
be construed as a reference to that enactment as
amended by any enactment, whether passed before or
after this Act, and as including a reference thereto
as extended or applied by or under any other enact-
ment, including this Act,
and " enactment " , except in subsection (8) of this section,
includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Application to
Channel
Islands, Isle
ofMan and
other
countries.
1870 с. 52.
1967 с. 68.
Short title and
commence-
ment.
27. (1 ) Sections 17 and 22 of the Extradition Act 1870 and
sections 16 and 17 of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1967 ( applica-
tion to Channel Islands, Isle of Man and United Kingdom
dependencies) shall extend respectively to the provisions of this
Act amending those Acts.
( 2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for
extending any of the other provisions of this Act, with such
exceptions, adaptations or modifications as may be specified in
the Order, to any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, any
colony, other than a colony for whose external relations a
country other than the United Kingdom is responsible, or any
country outside Her Majesty's dominions in which Her Majesty
has jurisdiction in right of Her Majesty's Government in the
United Kingdom .
( 3) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.
28.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Protection of Aircraft
Act 1973.
( 2) This Act, except the provisions specified in the next follow-
ing subsection, shall come into force on the passing of this Act.
( 3) Sections 1 to 5 and subsections ( 1) and ( 3) of section 6
of this Act shall come into force on such day as Her Majesty
may by Order in Council appoint.
-
c . 47
Protection ofAircraft Act 1973 1361
SCHEDULE
Section 22.
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMPENSATION
1. This Schedule applies to compensation under section 22 of
this Act (in this Schedule referred to as " the relevant section " ).
2. No compensation to which this Schedule applies shall be
payable unless the person to whom it is payable in accordance
with the relevant section (or in accordance with regulations made
under the following provisions of this Schedule ) serves on the
manager of the aerodrome by whom the measures in question
were taken a notice in writing claiming compensation under that
section, and that notice is served before the end of the period of
two years from the completion of the measures.
3. In relation to any measures taken by the manager of an
aerodrome on land outside the aerodrome, any reference in the
relevant section to a direction, or to compliance with a direction,
shall be construed as if subsection ( 6 ) of section 13 of this Act were
omitted.
4. In calculating value for any of the purposes of the relevant
section-
( a ) rules ( 2 ) to ( 4) of the rules set out in section 5 of the
Land Compensation Act 1961 shall apply with the 1961 c. 33.
necessary modifications, and
( b ) if the interest to be valued is subject to a mortgage,
it shall be treated as if it were not subject to the mortgage.
5. Regulations made by the Secretary of State by statutory
instrument may make provision-
( a ) requiring compensation to which this Schedule applies,
in such cases as may be specified in the regulations, to
be paid to a person other than the person entitled to
it in accordance with the relevant section ;
( b ) as to the application of any compensation to which this
Schedule applies, or any part of it , in cases where the
right to claim compensation is exercisable by reference
to an interest in land which is subject to a mortgage,
or to a rentcharge, or to the trusts of a settlement, or,
in Scotland, to a feuduty or ground annual or to the
purposes of a trust, or which was so subject at a time
specified in the regulations ; or
( c ) as to any assumptions to be made, or matters to be taken
into or left out of account, for the purpose of assessing
any compensation to which this Schedule applies .
6. Any statutory instrument whereby any regulations are made
under paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
7. Any dispute arising under the relevant section or under this
Schedule, whether as to the right to any compensation or as to
c . 47
1362 Protection ofAircraft Act 1973
SCH.
1961 с. 33 .
1963 с. 51 .
1919 с. 57.
1964 с. 29.
( Ν.Ι.)
1970 с. 35.
the amount of any compensation or otherwise, shall be referred
to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.
8. For the purposes of the application of paragraphs 2 to 7 of
this Schedule to compensation in respect of measures taken by the
authority responsible for an air navigation installation, references
in those paragraphs to an aerodrome and to the manager of an
aerodrome shall be construed respectively as references to an air
navigation installation and to the authority responsible for it .
9. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland-
( a ) the reference in paragraph 4 ( a ) to section 5 of the Land
Compensation Act 1961 shall be construed as a reference
to section 12 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act
1963, and
( b) the reference in paragraph 7 to the Lands Tribunal shall
be construed as a reference to the Lands Tribunal for
Scotland.
10. In the application of this Schedule to Northern Ireland-
( a ) the reference in paragraph 4( a ) to section 5 of the Land
Compensation Act 1961 shall be construed as a reference
to section 2 of the Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of
Compensation ) Act 1919 (as substituted by section 13( 1)
of the Lands Tribunal and Compensation Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1964), and
(b ) the reference in paragraph 7 to the Lands Tribunal shall
be construed as a reference to the Lands Tribunal for
Northern Ireland.
66
11. In this Schedule mortgage " includes any charge or lien
on any property for securing money or money's worth, and any
heritable security within the meaning of section 9( 8) of the
Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970.
с .48 1363
HONIS
DIEU
PENSE
DROIT
Pakistan Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 48
An Act to make provision in connection with Pakistan's
withdrawal from the Commonwealth. [25th July 1973]
while remainingamember of the Commonwealth, but on
WHEREAS Pakistan on 23rd March 1956 became a Republic
30th January 1972 withdrew from the Commonwealth:
Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,
by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled ,
and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. ( 1) In section 1 (3) of the British Nationality Act 1948 Nationality.
( which specifies the countries whose citizens are by virtue of that 1948 c. 56.
citizenship British subjects) the word " Pakistan " is hereby
repealed ; and accordingly any person who, immediately before
the commencement of this Act, was a British subject by virtue
only of his citizenship of Pakistan shall cease to be a British
subject at the commencement of this Act.
( 2 ) The Acts specified in Schedule 1 to this Act shall
have effect subject to the amendments specified in column 2 of
that Schedule, being amendments preserving the operation of
certain provisions in cases where in future a British subject with-
out citizenship, or the wife or former wife of a British subject
without citizenship, becomes a citizen of Pakistan.
(3) The transitional provisions contained in Schedule 2 to this
Act shall have effect as to applications by citizens of Pakistan
for registration as citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies.
( 4) It is hereby declared, in pursuance of section 3( 3) of the
West Indies Act 1967, that this section extends to all associated 1967 с. 4.
states.
c .48
1364 Pakistan Act 1973
Common-
wealth
preference
area.
1958 с. 6.
2. For the purposes of the Import Duties Act 1958 Pakistan
shall, subject to the general power of exclusion conferred by
section 2( 5) of that Act, continue to form part of the Common-
wealth preference area ; and accordingly in section 2( 4 ) of that
Act the word " Pakistan " is hereby repealed, and for the words
" and the Republic of South Africa " there shall be substituted
" the Republic of South Africa and Pakistan ".
Temporary saving from disability.
3.-(1 ) Until the expiration of the period of twelve months
beginning with the commencement of this Act , a citizen of
Pakistan shall not be subject, in respect of any office, place, or
employment held by him at the commencement of this Act, or
any qualification to act in any capacity in which he was acting
at the commencement of this Act, to any disability imposed in
the case of aliens by or by virtue of any of the following
enactments, that is to say-
1700 с. 2.
1919 с. 92.
(a) section 3 of the Act of Settlement ;
( b) sections 4 to 6 of the Aliens Restriction ( Amendment)
Act 1919 ;
1949 с. 87. ( c ) section 88 of the Patents Act 1949, or any rules made
for the purposes of that section ;
(d ) any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or any
regulations in force under any such Act.
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection (1) above, a person who at
the commencement of this Act was on leave or otherwise tem-
porarily absent from employment in any capacity mentioned in
section 5( 1) of the Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act 1919
( master, etc. , of British merchant ship ) shall be treated as if he
were employed in such employment at the commencement of
this Act ; and where subsection (1) above applies to any person
in respect of any office, place or employment held by him at
the commencement of this Act, it shall apply to him also in
respect of any office, place or employment to or in which he
may be appointed thereafter by way of re - engagement or transfer.
( 3) If, at the expiration of the period of twelve months men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) above, the said person is awaiting deter-
mination of an application by him for registration as a citizen
of the United Kingdom and Colonies, that subsection shall apply
as if for the period of twelve months specified therein there were
substituted a period expiring on the determination of his appli-
cation.
( 4) A person who by virtue of section 1(1) above ceases
to be a British subject shall not for that reason be precluded
from remaining a member of a local authority until his member-
ship ceases on some other ground.
c .48
Pakistan Act 1973 1365
( 5) A person who by virtue of section 1( 1) above ceases to be
a British subject-
( a ) if at the commencement of this Act he is registered in a
register of parliamentary electors or local government
electors, shall be treated as remaining a British subject
for the purposes of any election at which that register
is used ;
( b) if on the qualifying date for a parliamentary or local
government election held within the period of twelve
months beginning with 16th February 1974–
(i ) he is awaiting determination of an application
for his registration as a citizen of the United
Kingdom and Colonies, and
(ii) where the application was made under section
5A of the British Nationality Act 1948, or under 1948 с. 56.
section 6( 1) thereof as modified by Schedule 1 to
the Immigration Act 1971, he was, throughout the 1971 с. 77.
period of five years ending on the qualifying date,
ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom,
shall be treated as a British subject for the purposes
of any election at which a register of parliamentary
electors or local government electors published in
1974 is used.
( 6 ) The Representation of the People Regulations 1969, the S.I. 1969
Representation of the People ( Northern Ireland ) Regulations No. 904.
1969 and the Representation of the People ( Scotland ) Regula- S.I. 1969
No. 905.
tions 1969 shall each have effect as if the requirements that may S.I. 1969
be made under regulation 23( 1 ), regulation 10(1) and regulation No. 912.
24( 1 ) respectively included a requirement that a person who
asserts that he is entitled to be registered by virtue of subsection
( 5 ) above should make a statutory declaration as to any fact
relevant in establishing that entitlement.
4.-(1) The further transitional provisions contained in Further
Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect. transitional
provisions,
( 2) The enactments specified in columns 1 and 2 of Schedule 4 repeals,
to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 savings, etc.
of that Schedule.
( 3) In the Schedule to the Imperial War Museum Act 1920, 1920 c. 16.
in paragraph (i), for the words " twenty-four other members "
there shall be substituted the words " twenty-three other mem-
bers " and in the Table set out in that paragraph the words
" the Government of Pakistan " and the corresponding figure
" 1 " in column 1 are hereby repealed; but these amendments
shall not affect the power to vary the said paragraph 1 conferred
by section 1 of the Imperial War Museum Act 1955. 1955 с. 14.
1366 Pakistan Act 1973
c . 48
S.I. 1959
No. 377.
S.I. 1965
No. 1536.
S.I. 1967
No. 1302.
S.I. 1958
No. 141 .
Northern
Ireland.
1920 с. 67 .
1966 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.) .
Citation,
interpretation ,
etc.
( 4) The references to Pakistan in Schedule 1 to the Mainten-
ance Orders ( Facilities for Enforcement ) Order 1959, in article
3( 3) of the Visiting Forces and International Headquarters
( Application of Law) Order 1965, and in the Schedule to the
Fugitive Offenders ( Designated Commonwealth Countries) Order
1967 shall be deleted ; but nothing in this Act shall affect the
operation of a maintenance order registered in or confirmed by a
court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland.
( 5) The validity of any decree or order made under the Indian
and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Acts 1926 and 1940, and the
operation of the Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments ( Pakis-
tan ) Order 1958 shall not be affected by Pakistan's with-
drawal from the Commonwealth or anything contained in this
Act.
5.- (1) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of
Ireland Act 1920 ( conflict of laws ) this Act, so far as it relates
to any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or any
other matter concerning Northern Ireland, shall be deemed to
be an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning
of that section.
( 2 ) In the Office and Shop Premises Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966, the reference to Pakistan in section 78( 2 ) is hereby
repealed .
6.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Pakistan Act 1973.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Act an application for registration
as a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall be treated
as determined when it is granted, or written notice of its refusal
is given to the applicant or another person on his behalf, or sent
to him at his last-known address .
( 3) Any reference in this Act to any other Act shall, unless
the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to
that Act as amended by or under any other enactment.
( 4) This Act shall come into operation on 1st September 1973.
Pakistan Act 1973 1367
c . 48
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS AS TO NATIONALITY
Act Amendment
British Nationality Act 1948 In section 13( 1), after " Eire " in the
( c . 56 ).
second place where it occurs,
66
there shall be inserted or
Pakistan".
In Schedule 3, the following shall
be inserted at the end of para-
graph 3-
" Provided that this paragraph
shall not apply where the father
was at the commencement of this
Act potentially a citizen of Pakis-
tan and becomes a citizen of the
United Kingdom and Colonies by
registration at a time when the
child is a citizen of Pakistan. "
British Nationality Act 1965 In section 2, the following new sub-
( c . 34 ) . section shall be inserted after sub-
section (2) -
" ( 2A ) A woman to whom this
section applies by virtue of her
marriage to a man who, at the
commencement of the principal
Act, was potentially a citizen of
Pakistan shall cease to be a British
subject by virtue of section 1
of this Act if she becomes a
citizen of Pakistan. "
SCHEDULE 2
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AS TO APPLICATIONS FOR REGISTRATION
AS A CITIZEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM AND COLONIES
1. A person whose application for registration as a citizen of the
United Kingdom and Colonies was received but not determined
before the commencement of this Act shall be treated for the purposes
of his application as if the reference to Pakistan in section 1( 3) of
the 1948 Act had not been repealed by this Act.
2.- (1) A person whose application for registration as a citizen
of the United Kingdom and Colonies is received after the commence-
ment of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of his application
as if the reference to Pakistan in section 1( 3) of the 1948 Act had not
been repealed by this Act if-
(a ) he satisfies the Secretary of State that on 14th May 1973
he was a citizen of Pakistan, and that throughout the
Section 1 ( 2 ) .
Section 1( 3).
c . 48
1368 Pakistan Act 1973
SCH. 2
1971 с. 77.
period beginning immediately before that date and ending
when his application is received he was-
( i ) ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom or a
territory which, within the meaning of the 1948 Act, is
a colony or protectorate, or
(ii) engaged in relevant employment within the meaning
of section 5A(2) (e) of the 1948 Act, or
(iii ) partly the one and partly the other, and
( b) either-
(i ) the application is made under section 5A of the
1948 Act or section 6(1) thereof as modified by Schedule
1 to the Immigration Act 1971, and is received before
the date mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below, or
( ii) the application is made under the said section 5A
and the applicant satisfies the Secretary of State that
throughout the period from 1st January 1973 (the com-
mencement of the Immigration Act 1971) to the date
when his application is received he was ordinarily resident
in the United Kingdom without being subject, by virtue
of any law relating to immigration, to any restriction on
the period for which he might remain ; but at the last-
mentioned date he had not been so ordinarily resident
for the whole of the preceding five years.
( 2) The date referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1)(b)(i) above-
( a ) is 1st September 1974 where-
(i ) the application is made under section 5A of the
1948 Act and throughout the period of five years ending
with the commencement of this Act the applicant has
been ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, or
engaged in relevant employment within the meaning of
section 5A(3) of the 1948 Act, or partly the one and
partly the other, or
(ii ) the application is made under section 6( 1) of the
1948 Act and at the commencement of this Act the
applicant was qualified for registration under the said
section 6(1) , or
(b ) if the application is made under the said section 5A but
sub-paragraph (a)(i) above does not apply, is the earlier of
the following dates, namely, 1st September 1979 and the
date twelve months after the expiration of a period of five
years throughout which the applicant has been ordinarily
resident in the United Kingdom, or engaged in relevant
employment within the meaning of section 5A(3) of the
1948 Act, or partly the one and partly the other, or
( c ) if the application is made under the said section 6(1) but
sub- paragraph (a)(ii) above does not apply, is the earlier of
the following dates, namely, 1st September 1979 and the
date twelve months after the applicant becomes qualified
for registration under the said section 6(1),
or such later date as the Secretary of State may in the special
circumstances of any particular case allow .
Pakistan Act 1973 1369
c . 48
3. As respects an application under section 1 of the British
SCH. 2
Nationality Act 1964 (applications for resumption of citizenship of 1964 с . 22.
the United Kingdom and Colonies by persons who renounced that
citizenship so as to become, or remain , citizens of a country men-
tioned in section 1( 3) of the 1948 Act ) made within the period of
eighteen months following the commencement of this Act, or such
greater period as the Secretary of State may in the special circum-
stances of any particular case allow, section 1 of the said Act of
1964 shall have effect as if the reference to Pakistan in section 1( 3 )
of the 1948 Act had not been repealed by this Act .
4. An application under section 12 ( 6 ) of the 1948 Act ( which
made temporary provision for the registration as citizens of the
United Kingdom and Colonies of certain persons who would have
been citizens thereof but for their citizenship or potential citizenship
of a country mentioned in section 1( 3) of that Act ) may, in the case
of a person who at the commencement of that Act was potentially a
citizen of Pakistan ( within the meaning of section 32( 7 ) of that Act )
and is at the commencement of this Act a citizen of Pakistan, be
made, notwithstanding the provisions of section 3(1) ( a ) of the British 1958 с. 10.
Nationality Act 1958, at any time within the period of eighteen
months following the commencement of this Act or such greater
period as the Secretary of State may in the special circumstances of
any particular case allow.
5. A person who would be qualified to be registered as a citizen
of the United Kingdom and Colonies under section 5A of the 1948
Act, or section 6(1) thereof as modified by Schedule 1 to the
Immigration Act 1971 , if he were a citizen of Pakistan may, with 1971 с. 77.
the approval of the Secretary of State, be so registered notwith-
standing that he has ceased to be such a citizen if he was such a
citizen immediately before making his application.
6.- (1) In relation to a colony or protectorate-
( a ) paragraph 2 above shall have effect as if the references to
the United Kingdom in sub-paragraphs ( 1) (b) and (2)
thereof were references to the colony or protectorate, and
( b) paragraph 2 above shall have effect as if for " Secretary of
State" there were substituted " Governor " .
In this sub-paragraph " colony ", " protectorate ", and " Governor "
have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of the 1948
Act, except that " colony " does not include an associated state.
( 2 ) In relation to an associated state-
( a ) paragraph 2 above shall have effect as if the references to
the United Kingdom in sub-paragraphs (1)( b) and (2 )
thereof were references to the associated state, and
( b ) paragraph 2 above shall have effect, where the functions of
the Secretary of State in relation to the application in
question are by virtue of paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to
the West Indies Act 1967 exercisable by another person , 1967 c. 4.
as if for " Secretary of State " there were substituted a
reference to that other person.
7. In this Schedule " the 1948 Act " means the British Nationality 1948 c. 56.
Act 1948.
1370 Pakistan Act 1973
c . 48
Section4 (1).
SCHEDULE 3
1971 с. 77.
1948 с. 56.
S.I. 1948
No. 2837.
S.I. 1964
No. 1967.
FURTHER TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Exemption from deportation
1.- (1) Section 7 of the Immigration Act 1971 (exemption from
deportation for certain existing residents) shall apply to a person
who by virtue of section 1(1 ) of this Act ceases to be a Common-
wealth citizen at the commencement of this Act as if the date on which
he ceases to be a Commonwealth citizen were instead the date twelve
months after that commencement.
( 2) If, at the expiration of the period of twelve months mentioned
in sub-paragraph ( 1) above, the said person is awaiting determination
of an application by him for registration as a citizen of the United
Kingdom and Colonies, that sub-paragraph shall apply as if for
the period of twelve months specified therein there were substituted a
period expiring on the determination of his application.
Nothing in this sub-paragraph shall prevent the said person's
being recommended for deportation under section 3( 6 ) of the
Immigration Act 1971, but effect shall not be given to the recom-
mendation before his application for registration is determined .
( 3) Section 36 of the Immigration Act 1971 (application to
Channel Islands and Isle of Man ) shall apply for the purposes of
this paragraph as it applies for the purposes of that Act.
Registration of births and deaths
2. The regulations mentioned below shall have effect in relation
to Pakistan as if the repeal by this Act of the reference
to Pakistan in section 1( 3) of the British Nationality Act 1948
took effect on 19th February 1972, and not at the commencement
of this Act.
The Registration of Births and Deaths ( Consular Officers)
Regulations 1948.
The Registration of Births and Deaths ( High Commissioners)
Regulations 1964.
Company registers
1948 с. 38.
3.- (1) Sections 119 to 122 of the Companies Act 1948 (which
make provision for the keeping of branch registers of companies
in parts of Her Majesty's dominions outside Great Britain, the
Channel Islands and the Isle of Man ) and section 123 of that Act
( branch registers of overseas companies kept in the United Kingdom)
shall continue to have effect as if Pakistan had not withdrawn from
1956 с. 31 .
the Commonwealth and the Pakistan (Consequential Provision) Act
1956 were not repealed by this Act.
1960 c. 22 ( Ν.Ι.). ( 2 ) Sections 116 to 118 of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland )
1960 (which make provision corresponding to sections 119 to 122
of the Companies Act 1948) shall also continue to have effect as if
Pakistan had not withdrawn from the Commonwealth and the
Pakistan (Consequential Provision ) Act 1956 were not repealed by
thisAct.
c . 48
Pakistan Act 1973 1371
( 3) At any time after 31st August 1974 the Secretary of State may
SCH. 3
by order made by statutory instrument repeal sub-paragraph (1)
or( 2 ) above.
( 4 ) A branch register kept under section 119 of the Companies
Act 1948 at any time before 1st September 1974 shall not be treated
as improperly kept by reason that it includes members of the
company resident inBangladesh.
( 5 ) A branch register kept under section 116 of the Companies 1960 c. 22.(Ν.Ι. ) .
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960 at any time before 1st September 1974
shall not be treated as improperly kept by reason that it includes
members of the company resident in Bangladesh.
Medical practitioners, dentists and veterinary surgeons
4. A person who at the commencement of this Act, by virtue of
a qualification or qualifications granted in a territory which at that
commencement is comprised in Pakistan, —
( a ) is registered in the register of medical practitioners as a
Commonwealth practitioner under section 18 or 23 of the
Medical Act 1956,
1956 с. 76.
or
( b ) is registered in the Commonwealth list contained in the
dentists register kept under the Dentists Act 1957,
1957 с. 28.
or
( c ) is registered in the Commonwealth list contained in the
veterinary surgeons register kept under the Veterinary 1966 c. 36.
Surgeons Act 1966,
shall not cease to be so registered by reason only of Pakistan's
withdrawal from the Commonwealth or anything contained in this
Act .
1372 Pakistan Act 1973
c . 48
Section4 ( 2 ) .
SCHEDULE 4
FURTHER REPEALS
Short title
Chapter
15 &16 Geo. 5.
c. xvii .
15&16Geo. 6.
Imperial Institute Act
1925.
Visiting Forces Act 1952,
&1 Eliz. 2.
c. 67.
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. Army Act 1955.
c. 18.
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. Air Force Act 1955.
с . 19.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
с. 31.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
c. 53.
Pakistan ( Consequential
Provision) Act 1956.
Naval Discipline Act 1957.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. Films Act 1960.
c. 57.
1961 с. 11.
Extent of Repeal
In section 8( 2 ) the word
" Pakistan " .
In section 1( 1) the word
" Pakistan ".
In section 225(1) , in the defi-
nition of " Commonwealth
force ", the word "Pakistan".
In section 223(1), in the defi-
nition of " Commonwealth
force ", the word "Pakistan ".
The whole Act .
In section 135(1), in the defi-
nition of " Commonwealth
country" the word "Pakistan" .
In section 50(1), in the defi-
nition of " Commonwealth
country",the word "Pakistan".
In section 1( 5 ), the word
" Pakistan ".
1963 с. 41.
Diplomatic Immunities
( Conferences with Com-
monwealth Countries
and Republic of Ireland )
Act 1961.
Offices , Shops and Rail-
way Premises Act 1963.
In section 84( 2 ), the word
" Pakistan ".
c .49 1373
ONI
DIEU
PENSE
DROIT
Bangladesh Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 49
AnAct to make provision in connection with the establish
ment of Bangladesh as an independent Republic within
the Commonwealth [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1) All law to which this subsection applies, whether being Operation
a rule of law or a provision of an Act of Parliament or of any of existing
other enactment or instrument whatsoever, which was in force on law.
23rd March 1956 (when Pakistan became a Republic ) or was
passed or made before that date and came into force thereafter
shall, unless and until provision to the contrary is made by
Parliament or some other authority having power in that behalf,
have the same operation in relation to Bangladesh, and persons
and things belonging to or connected with Bangladesh, as it
would have if Bangladesh were part of those of Her Majesty's
dominions which are not colonies.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) of this section applies to law of, or of any
part of , the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle
of Man, and, in relation only to any enactment of the Parliament
of the United Kingdom or any Order in Council made by virtue
of any such enactment whereby any such enactment applies in
relation to Bangladesh, to law of any other country or territory
to which that enactment or Order extends .
c .49
1374 Bangladesh Act 1973
( 3) The Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the
enactments mentioned therein.
( 4 ) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from
4th February 1972.
Nationality.
1948 с. 56.
1967 с. 4.
2.- (1) The British Nationality Acts 1948 to 1965 shall have
effect, and shall be deemed to have had effect from 4th February
1972, as if in section 1( 3) of the British Nationality Act 1948
( Commonwealth countries having separate citizenship) there were
added at the end the words " and Bangladesh ".
( 2 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that any provision of
the law of Pakistan made after 3rd February 1972 deprives persons
of their citizenship of Pakistan in consequence of Bangladesh
having become an independent Republic he may by order made
by statutory instrument secure that, until such date as may be
specified in the order, that provision is disregarded in determining
for the purposes of the British Nationality Act 1948 whether a
person is a citizen of Pakistan.
( 3) An order under subsection ( 2) of this section may be
varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder .
( 4 ) In accordance with section 3( 3) ofthe West Indies Act 1967
it is hereby declared that this section extends to all associated
states.
Power to make
consequential adaptations.
3.- (1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such
adaptations in any Act of Parliament passed before this Act, or
in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to
Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient in consequence of
Bangladesh having become an independent Republic within the
Commonwealth.
( 2 ) An Order in Council under this section-
( a )may be made so as to have effect from 4th February 1972
or any later date,
( b ) may contain such transitional or other incidental or
supplemental provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be
necessary or expedient,
(c ) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in
Council, and
( d ) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
( 3 ) No Order in Council shall be made under this section
after the end of the period of three years beginning with the day
on which this Act is passed.
Short title.
4. This Act may be cited as the Bangladesh Act 1973 .
c . 49
Bangladesh Act 1973 1375
SCHEDULE
Section 1.
MODIFICATION OF ENACTMENTS
Armed Forces
1. In the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in section 225(1 )
of the Army Act 1955 and section 223(1) of the Air Force Act 1955, 1955 с. 18.
and in the definition of " Commonwealth country" in section 135(1) 1955 с. 19.
of the Naval Discipline Act 1957, there shall be added at the end the 1957 с. 53 .
words" or Bangladesh " .
2. In the Visiting Forces Act 1952, at the end of section 1(1)( a) 1952 c. 67.
( countries to which that Act applies) there shall be added the words
" Bangladesh or "; and, until express provision with respect to
Bangladesh is made by Order in Council under section 8 of that Act
( application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any
such Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to
visiting forces of Bangladesh.
3.- (1) In section 84( 2) of the Offices, Shops and Railway Premises 1963 c. 41 .
Act 1963 (exclusion of application to visiting forces), before the words
" and any country " there shall be inserted the word " Bangladesh " .
( 2 ) In section 78( 2 ) of the Offices and Shop Premises Act ( Northern 1966 c. 26 ( N.I.).
Ireland ) 1966 (exclusion of application to visiting forces ), before the
words " and any country " there shall be inserted the word
" Bangladesh " .
( 3) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 с. 67.
1920 ( conflict of laws ) sub-paragraph ( 2) of this paragraph shall be
deemed to be contained in an Act passed before the day appointed
for the purposes of that section.
Diplomatic immunities
4. In section 1( 5 ) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Conferences with 1961 c. 11 .
Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland ) Act 1961 , before
the words " and the Republic of Ireland " there shall be inserted the
word " Bangladesh " .
Financial
5. In section 2( 4 ) of the Import Duties Act 1958, before the words 1958 с. 6.
together with " there shall be inserted the word " Bangladesh ".
Ships
6. In section 427( 2) of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 , as set out 1894 c . 60.
in section 2(1) of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act 1949 c. 43.
1949, before the words " or in any " there shall be inserted the words
66 or Bangladesh".
7. The Ships and Aircraft ( Transfer Restriction ) Act 1939 shall 1939 c. 70.
have effect as if Bangladesh were among the countries listed in sections
4 (1 )( a ) and 10.
8. In the Whaling Industry (Regulation ) Act 1934, the expression 1934 c. 49.
" British ship to which this Act applies " shall not include a British
ship registered in Bangladesh.
c .49
1376 BangladeshAct 1973
1960 с. 57.
Films
9. In section 50(1) of the Films Act 1960, in the definition of
" Commonwealth country " the word " Bangladesh " shall be inserted
before the words " any colony " .
Companies
10.- (1) Where a register of members of a company is kept in
1948 с. 38.
Bangladesh under section 119 of the Companies Act 1948 or section
1960 c. 22 (N.I.). 116 of the Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1960, it shall not be
treated as improperly kept by reason only that, at any time after 3rd
February 1972 and before 1st September 1974, it includes members
resident in Pakistan .
1920 с. 67.
( 2) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland
Act 1920 (conflict of laws ) sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, so
far as it relates to the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1960, shall
be deemed to be contained in anAct passed before the day appointed
for the purposes of that section.
1925 c. xvii .
1958 с. 16.
1956 с. 76.
1957 с. 28.
1966 с. 36.
Commonwealth Institute
11. In section 8( 2) of the Imperial Institute Act 1925, as amended
by the Commonwealth Institute Act 1958 ( power to vary the provisions
of the Act of 1925 if an agreement for the purpose is madewiththe
governments of certain territories which for the time being are contri-
buting towards the expenses of the Commonwealth Institute ), at the
end there shall be added the words " and Bangladesh " .
Medical , dental and veterinary qualifications
12. In the case of a person registered before the passing of this Act
as a Commonwealth practitioner under section 18 or 23 of the Medical
Act 1956 or any enactment repealed by that Act by virtue of a quali-
fication obtained ( whether before or after 4th February 1972 ) in
Bangladesh, his continued registration as a Commonwealth practitioner
shall not be affected by Pakistan's withdrawal from the Commonwealth
or by Bangladesh's not being a Commonwealth country to which
Part III of that Act applies.
13. For the purposes of the continued registration in the Common-
wealth list contained in the dentists register kept under the Dentists
Act 1957 of a person holding a qualification granted in Bangladesh
( whether before or after 4th February 1972 ), Bangladesh shall be
treated as always having been within the Commonwealth.
14. For the purposes of the continued registration in the Common-
wealth list contained in the register of veterinary surgeons kept under
the Veterinary Surgeons Act 1966 of a person holding a qualification
granted in Bangladesh ( whether before or after 4th February 1972),
Bangladesh shall be treated as always having been within the Common-
wealth.
c. 50 1377
YPENSE
DROIT
DIEUET
&
Employment and Training
Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 50
An Act to establish public authorities concerned with
arrangements for persons to obtain employment and
with arrangements for training for employment and to
make provision as to the functions of the authorities ;
to authorise the Secretary of State to provide temporary
employment for unemployed persons; to amend the
Industrial Training Act 1964 and the law relating to
theprovision by education authorities of services relating
to employment; and for purposes connected with those
matters. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
The Manpower Services Commission and the Employment
Service and Training Services Agencies
1.-( 1) There shall be three bodies corporate, to be called Establishment
the Manpower Services Commission, the Employment Service of the Commission
Agency and the Training Services Agency, each of which shall and Agencies.
have perpetual succession and a common seal and shall be
constituted in accordance with the following provisions of this
section.
( 2 ) The said Commission (hereafter in this Act referred to
as " the Commission " ) shall consist of ten persons appointed
by the Secretary of State to be members of the Commission, of
whom the members specified in each of the following paragraphs
shall be appointed by him after consultation with such of the
Part II X
1378 1895 с. 16.
c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
organisations mentioned in that paragraph as he considers
appropriate, that is to say-
( a ) as to three members, organisations representing
employers ;
( b) as to three other members, organisations representing
employees ;
( c ) as to two other members, organisations representing
local authorities ; and
( d ) as to one other member, organisations concerned with
education ( excluding organisations mentioned in the
preceding paragraph) .
( 3) The Secretary of State shall appoint as the chairman of
the Commission the member about whose appointment no
consultation is required by virtue of the preceding subsection
and may appoint one of the other members as the deputy
chairman of the Commission.
( 4) The said Agencies ( hereafter in this Act referred to jointly
as " the Agencies ") shall each consist of three persons of whom
one shall be appointed by the Commission with the approval of
the Secretary of State to be the director of the Agency in ques-
tion and the others shall be appointed by the Commission after
consultation with the said director.
(5 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the Commission and the Agencies.
(6) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the
Treasury, at any time during the period of five years beginning
with the day when subsection ( 1 ) of this section comes into force,
by order transfer to and vest in the Commission or either of the
Agencies-
( a) any interest of the Crown or a government department
in land which in the opinion of the Secretary of State
is occupied by him or the Commission or either of the
Agencies for a purpose connected with the functions of
any of those bodies ; and
( b) any rights and liabilities to which the Crown or a
government department is entitled or subject in con-
nection with such an interest ;
but nothing in section 12 of the Finance Act 1895 (which
requires certain Acts and certain instruments relating to the
vesting of property by virtue of an Act to be stamped as
conveyances on sale) shall apply to this Act or an order made
in pursuance of this subsection, and stamp duty shall not be
payable on such an order.
( 7) It is hereby declared that the Commission and the Agencies
are not to be regarded as servants or, subject to subsection ( 2) (a)
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1379
of the following section, as agents of the Crown or as enjoying
any status, privilege or immunity of the Crown or, subject to
the preceding subsection, as exempt from any tax, duty, rate,
levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local, and
that their property is not to be regarded as property of or held
on behalf of the Crown ; but nothing in this Act shall be con-
strued as derogating from any privilege, immunity or exemption
of the Crown in relation to any matter as respects which the
Commission or either of the Agencies acts as agent of the Crown
by virtue of the said subsection (2) (a) .
2.- (1) In addition to the functions conferred on the Com- Functions
mission by virtue of provisions of this Act other than this ofthe
section but subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, it shall be Commission
andAgencies .
the duty of the Commission to make such arrangements as it
considers appropriate for the purpose of assisting persons to
select, train for, obtain and retain employment suitable for their
ages and capacities and to obtain suitable employees ( including
partners and other business associates) .
( 2) Arrangements in pursuance of this section may-
( a) include agreements between the Commission and a
Minister of the Crown for the Commission to perform,
on behalf of the Minister, functions exercisable by the
Minister, whether by virtue of an enactment or other-
wise, which are connected with employment, un-
employment or training for employment (excluding a
function of making regulations or other instruments
having the force of law) ;
( b) include arrangements for encouraging increases in
the opportunities available to women and girls for
employment and training ;
( c ) be made in respect of employment or training in the
United Kingdom or elsewhere ;
( d ) include provision for the making of payments by the
Commission, by way of grant or loan or otherwise,
to persons who provide facilities in pursuance of the
arrangements, to persons who use those facilities and
to other persons specified in pursuance of the arrange-
ments ;
( e) include provision for the making of payments to the
Commission by other parties to the arrangements and
by persons who use those facilities, including payments
for publications issued in pursuance of the arrange-
ments but excluding other payments by persons in
respect of the seeking or obtaining for them of employ-
ment under contracts of service or apprenticeship ;
( f ) without prejudice to the generality of the preceding
provisions of this section, include arrangements for the
Part II X2
1380 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
Control
ofthe
Commission
by Secretary
ofState.
appointment of persons to advise the Commission in
connection with any of its functions ;
and it is hereby declared that nothing in the preceding subsection
restricts the arrangements which may be made by virtue of this
subsection .
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Commission-
( a ) to submit to the Secretary of State from time to time
particulars of what it proposes to do for the purpose
of performing its functions ; and
( b) subject to the following paragraph, to ensure that its
activities are in accordance with proposals approved
by the Secretary of State ; and
( c ) to give effect to any directions given to it by the
Secretary of State ;
and the Commission may give to either of the Agencies at any
time such directions as the Commission thinks fit with respect
to the performance by the Agency of its functions .
( 4 ) In addition to any other functions conferred on either of
the Agencies by virtue of this Act, it shall be the duty of each
of the Agencies-
(a) to exercise on behalf of the Commission such of the
Commission's functions as the Commission directs
the Agency to exercise ; and
( b) to give effect to any directions given to it by the Com-
mission otherwise than in pursuance of the preceding
paragraph.
(5) The Commission and each of the Agencies shall, subject
to any directions given to it in pursuance of this Act, have power
to do anything (except borrow money) which is calculated to
facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the performance of
any function of the Commission or, as the case may be, the
Agency (including a function conferred on it by virtue of this
subsection) .
3.- ( 1 ) Subject to the following subsection, the Secretary of
State may-
(a) approve, with or without modifications, any proposals
submitted to him in pursuance of the preceding
section;
( b) give to the Commission at any time such directions as
he thinks fit with respect to its functions (including
directions modifying its functions or any arrangements
made in pursuance of the preceding section except
directions conferring on it functions other than any of
which it was deprived by previous directions given
by virtue of this paragraph) .
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1381
(2) The Secretary of State shall not approve proposals sub-
mitted to him in pursuance of the preceding section for
arrangements which include such provision as is mentioned in
subsection (2) (d ) of that section and shall not modify any such
provision unless the amounts of the payments mentioned in the
provision, or in the provision as proposed to be modified, and
the terms on which the payments are to be made are approved
by the Treasury in the case of payments otherwise than by way
of subsistence or travelling allowances payable to advisers
appointed in pursuance of subsection (2) ( f ) of the preceding
section or compensation for loss of remunerative time so pay-
able and by the Minister for the Civil Service in the case of
payments by way of such allowances or compensation.
( 3) Subject to the following subsection, it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of State to exercise the powers of approving
proposals and giving directions which are conferred on him by
this section so as to ensure that the arrangements made by the
Commission in pursuance of the preceding section are in his
opinion appropriate for the purpose mentioned in subsection
(1) of that section.
( 4) If the Secretary of State considers that any action for the
purpose so mentioned should be taken in pursuance of this Act
otherwise than by or only by the Commission he may, after
consulting the Commission about the matter, make arrangements
for the action to be taken or taken also by himself or some other
person, and paragraphs (c) to (e) of subsection (2) of the pre-
ceding section shall apply to arrangements in pursuance of this
subsection as they apply to arrangements in pursuance of that
section but with the substitution for references to the Com-
mission of references to the Secretary of State.
(5) The Secretary of State shall not make any arrangements
in pursuance of the preceding subsection which include provision
for the making of payments by him otherwise than in pursuance
of section 5(2) (b) of this Act unless the amounts of the payments
and the terms on which the payments are to be made are
approved by the Treasury.
4 .- (1) The Commission shall be a competent authority for Obtaining and
the purposes of the Statistics of Trade Act 1947, and the reference disclosure of
in section 1(1) of that Act to the discharge by government information
departments of their functions shall include a reference to the by the
discharge by the Commission of its functions. Commission
and Agencies
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1 )(b) etc.
of the preceding section, the Secretary of State may give direc- 1947 c. 39.
tions to the Commission requiring it to furnish to a government
department, in a form specified in the directions, any informa-
tion so specified which has been obtained by the Commission by
virtue of the preceding subsection or otherwise.
Part II X3
1382 1971 с. 78.
1972 с. 52.
1965 с. 59.
1968 с. 16.
1964 с. 16.
c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
( 3) Nothing in section 9 of the said Act of 1947 (which
restricts the disclosure of information obtained under that
Act) shall prevent or penalise-
( a ) the disclosure by the Secretary of State of relevant
information to the Commission or either of the
Agencies ;
(b) the disclosure by the Commission or either of the
Agencies of relevant information to a government
department ;
( c) the disclosure by the Commission to either of the
Agencies or a board of relevant information which is
of a kind specified in a notice in writing given to the
Commission and the recipient of the information by
the Secretary of State in pursuance of this paragraph ;
( d) the disclosure by either of the Agencies to the Com-
mission or the other Agency or a board of relevant
information which is of a kind specified in a notice
in writing given to the disclosing Agency and the
recipient of the information by the Secretary of State
in pursuance of this paragraph ;
(e) the disclosure by the Secretary of State, the Commission
or either of the Agencies of relevant information, con-
sisting of the name and address of any establishment,
the numbers of persons of different descriptions
employed there and the nature of the activities carried
on there, to an officer of any of the following bodies
who is authorised by that body to receive the informa-
tion, namely, a local education authority, a local plan-
ning authority within the meaning of the Town and
Country Planning Act 1971 or the Town and Country
Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 and a development
corporation within the meaning of the New Towns Act
1965 or the New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968 ;
( f ) the disclosure by the Secretary of State, to a person to
whom a notice in writing is given in pursuance of this
paragraph by the Secretary of State and the Com-
mission acting jointly, of statistics compiled wholly or
partly from relevant information about the numbers
of persons employed in any activity or area.
( 4 ) In the preceding subsection-
" a board " means an industrial training board within the
meaning of the Industrial Training Act 1964 ; and
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
" relevant information " means information obtained under
the said Act of 1947 ;
and any reference in that subsection to the Secretary of State,
a government department, the Commission, either of the
Agencies or such a board includes respectively a reference to an
officer of his or of that body and also, in the case of a reference
to such a board, a reference to any committee appointed by the
board, to any officer of such a committee and to any person
entitled to take part in proceedings of the board.
( 5) A person to whom information is disclosed in pursuance
of subsection (3) of this section shall not use the information for
a purpose other than-
(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a ) of that subsection,
a purpose of the Commission or, as the case may be,
of the Agency in question ;
( b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection,
a purpose of the government department in question ;
(c) in a case falling within paragraph (c), (d ) or ( f ) of that
subsection, a purpose specified in the notice given with
respect to the information in pursuance of that
paragraph ;
( d ) in the case of information given to an officer of a local
education authority or a local planning authority, the
purposes of the functions conferred on the authority
by section 8 of this Act or, as the case may be, by
Part II of the said Act of 1971 or 1972 (which relate
to development plans) ;
(e ) in the case of information given to an officer of a
development corporation, the purposes of functions
conferred on the corporation by section 3 of the said
Act of 1965 or 1968 ( which relate to the laying out
and development of new towns) ;
and a person who contravenes the provisions of this subsection
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to
a fine of an amount not exceeding £ 400.
(6) Any reference to an officer of the Department of Employ-
ment in section 58 of the Finance Act 1969 (which provides for 1969 с. 32.
the disclosure by the Board of Inland Revenue, subject to the
safeguards provided by that section, of names and addresses
and other information in connection with the statistical surveys
there mentioned) shall include a reference to an officer of the
Commission and an officer of either of the Agencies ; and in sub-
section (4 ) (a) of that section for the word " another " there
shall be substituted the word " an " .
Part II X4
1383
1384 Modification
ofAct of
1964 ,
1964 с. 16.
c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
Additional
powers of
Secretary of
State .
Additional powers of Secretary of State
5.- (1) The Secretary of State may make such arrangements
as he considers appropriate for the purpose of providing tem-
porary employment for persons in Great Britain who are without
employment ; any such arrangements may include arrangements
for the making by the Secretary of State of payments by way of
grant or loan to persons who provide employment in pursuance
of the arrangements.
(2) The Secretary of State may-
( a) appoint such persons as he thinks fit for the purpose of
advising him with respect to the performance of any
of the functions conferred on him by virtue of this Act,
excluding the following section ; and
( b) pay to any person appointed in pursuance of the pre-
ceding paragraph such subsistence and travelling allow-
ances and such compensation for loss of remunerative
time as the Secretary of State may determine with the
approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
( 3) The Secretary of State may arrange for or make payments
in respect of-
( a) research into any matter connected with any of his
functions relating to employment, unemployment or
training for employment or with a function conferred
by virtue of this Act on the Commission or either of
the Agencies ;
( b ) the dissemination of information derived from such
research.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall not make any payments in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) or (3) of this section unless the
amounts of the payments and the terms on which they are made
are approved by the Treasury.
Modification of Industrial Training Act 1964
and other enactments
6. (1 ) The Industrial Training Act 1964 shall have effect
subject to the provisions of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 2) In accordance with the preceding subsection, sections 1 to
7, 9, 9A, 12 and 14(1) of the Industrial Training Act 1964
are to have effect, after the coming into force of that subsection
and Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act, as set out in Part II of
that Schedule.
( 3) The preceding provisions of this section shall not have
effect in relation to the Agricultural, Horticultural and Forestry
Industry Training Board, and-
( a ) the Industrial Training Act 1964 shall have effect in
relation to that Board subject to the provisions of Part
III of Schedule 2 to this Act ; and
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1385
( b) that Board shall be called the Agricultural Training
Board;
and, without prejudice to the powers conferred by the said
Act of 1964 to amend or revoke any order in respect of that
Board which was made under that Act before this subsection
comes into force, nothing in the preceding provisions of this
subsection or in the said Part III shall affect the validity of
such an order.
( 4 ) In accordance with the preceding subsection, sections
1 to 3, 5 and 9 of the said Act of 1964 are to have effect in
relation to the Agricultural Training Board, after the coming
into force of that subsection and Part III of Schedule 2 to this
Act, as set out in Part IV of that Schedule.
(5) In Parts I and III of the said Schedule 2" the Act" means
the Industrial Training Act 1964. 1964 с. 16.
7. ( 1 ) Section 1 of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 Modification
( which provides for the making of redundancy payments to and exclusion
employees) shall not apply to any person in respect of his of other
enactments in
employment by the Commission or either of the Agencies, but relation to the
section 41 of that Act (which provides for the payment out of Commission
the Redundancy Fund of sums related to compensation paid for and Agencies .
the loss of such employments as are specified in subsection (1) 1965 c. 62.
of that section ) shall have effect as if employment by the
Commission and by each of the Agencies were so specified.
( 2) The Employers' Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969 c. 57.
1969 shall not require insurance to be effected by the Commission
or either of the Agencies.
(3) For the purposes of sections 1 and 2 of the Contracts of 1972 c. 53.
Employment Act 1972 and sections 27( 1 )(a) and 28(a) of the
Industrial Relations Act 1971 , a person's period of continuous 1971 с. 72.
employment by a relevant body shall be treated as increased by
the period or the aggregate of the periods for which he was
previously continuously employed by that or another relevant
body or in the civil service of the State if the period or each of
the periods for which he was so employed was immediately
followed by a period for which he was employed by a relevant
body or in the said service ; and for the purposes of the said
section 28 (a) a person's period of continuous employment in the
said service shall be treated as increased by the period or the
aggregate of the periods for which he was previously continuously
employed by any relevant body or in the said service if the
period or each of the periods for which he was so employed
was immediately followed as aforesaid.
( 4) For the purposes of the preceding subsection-
( a) the Commission and each of the Agencies is a relevant
body ;
1386 Provision of
services by
education
authorities.
c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
(b) periods of continuous employment shall be determined
in pursuance of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1972,
and " employed " has the same meaning as in that
Act; and
( c) employment in the civil service of the State shall be
treated as employment under a contract of service but
shall be disregarded unless in the course of it the person
in question gives personal service of at least twenty-one
hours a week, or of such number of hours less than
twenty-one as the Secretary of State may by order
specify, and the remuneration for the employment is
defrayed entirely out of money provided by Parliament.
( 5) The Secretary of State may by order provide that any
enactment which is specified in the order and relates to the
carrying on of an employment agency shall not apply in relation
to the Commission and the Agencies or shall apply in relation to
any of them with such modifications as are specified in the
order ; and in this subsection " employment agency " means any
agency or other business for the introduction or supply to persons
requiring them of persons available to do work or perform
services.
Careers services of education authorities
8.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsections (3) to (5) of this section, it
shall be the duty of each local education authority-
( a ) to make arrangements for the purpose of assisting
persons who are attending, either full- time or part-
time, educational institutions in Great Britain other
than universities-
(i) to determine what employments will, having
regard to their capabilities, be suitable for them and
available to them when they leave the institutions,
and
(ii) to determine what training will then be re-
quired by them and available to them in order to
fit them for those employments ;
(b) to make arrangements for the purpose of assisting per-
sons leaving institutions mentioned in the preceding
paragraph to obtain such employments and training
as are so mentioned ; and
( c ) to make the arrangements made in pursuance of the
preceding paragraphs available to persons who seek
to make use of them and are either such persons as
are mentioned in those paragraphs or persons attend-
ing or leaving universities in Great Britain ;
and it shall also be the duty of each local education authority
to arrange for officers of the authority to be appointed to
Employment and Training Act 1973 c.50
1387
administer the arrangements made by the authority in pursuance
of this subsection.
( 2 ) A local education authority may, and shall so far as the
Secretary of State directs it to do so, make arrangements in
accordance with the following subsection-
( a) for the purpose of assisting persons ( other than those
mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the preceding
subsection) who are seeking employment or different
employment to determine-
( i) what employments are suitable for persons
having their capabilities, and
(ii) what training they require and is available
to them in order to fit them for those employments ;
and
( b) for the purpose of assisting those persons to obtain
such employments and training as are mentioned in the
preceding paragraph.
(3) The arrangements made in pursuance of subsection ( 1)
or (2) of this section shall be arrangements-
( a) for the giving of assistance by collecting and furnishing
information about persons seeking and offering employ-
ment and persons providing facilities for training ; and
(b ) for providing advice and guidance for the purposes
mentioned in that subsection,
and may include arrangements for the provision of services cal-
culated to facilitate the carrying out of arrangements made in
pursuance of paragraph (a ) or (b) of this subsection .
( 4 ) Subject to the following subsection, it shall be the duty
of local education authorities to consult and co-operate with one
another to the extent appropriate for the purpose of securing
that the functions conferred on them by subsections (1) and (2)
of this section are performed efficiently ; and, without prejudice
to the powers exercisable by an authority for the purpose of per-
forming that duty, any two or more local education authorities
may make arrangements on such terms as they think fit (which
may include terms as to the making of payments by one authority
to another)—
( a ) for any of the authorities to perform any of those
functions on behalf of another of the authorities as
respects the whole or part of the other authority's
area;
( b) for the authorities to act jointly in performing any of
those functions as respects the whole or parts of their
areas.
1388 c. 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
Records of
vocational
advice.
( 5 ) The Commission and any local education authority may
make arrangements for the performance by the Commission
on behalf of the authority of any function conferred on the
authority by virtue of subsection ( 1) of this section or the
preceding subsection so far as it relates to subsection ( 1), and
any such arrangements-
( a ) may be made in respect of the whole or part of the
area of the authority ; and
( b) except in a case in which the Secretary of State has
authorised the Commission to disregard this paragraph,
must include provision for the making by the authority
to the Commission of payments intended to defray
the expenditure incurred by the Commission by virtue
of the arrangements ;
and the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect
during any period when this subsection is in force before the
establishment of the Employment Service Agency as if paragraph
( b) were omitted and for any reference to the Commission there
were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) The Secretary of State may by order provide that the
preceding subsection, subsection (5) of the following section, this
subsection and any arrangements in force by virtue of the preced-
ing subsection or the said subsection (5) shall cease to have
effect on a day specified in the order ; and different days may
be specified in pursuance of this subsection in relation to
Scotland and the rest of Great Britain.
(7 ) The reference to part -time attendance in paragraph (a) of
subsection ( 1) of this section does not include-
( a) part-time attendance where none of the relevant classes
begins on any day before five o'clock in the evening ;
and
(b) any other part-time attendance as to which the Secretary
of State directs that it shall be disregarded for the
purposes of that paragraph ;
except that the said reference does include part -time attendance
by persons who satisfy the local education authority in question
that their attendance is with a view to employment.
9.-( 1) It shall be the duty of each local education authority
to keep records of the vocational advice given on behalf of
the authority to such persons as are mentioned in subsection
(1) (a) of the preceding section.
(2) Where a person ceases to attend an educational institution
(other than a university) in the area of an authority and begins to
attend such an institution in the area of another authority it shall
be the duty of the first -mentioned authority, on the request of
the other authority, to furnish to the other authority any records
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
relating to that person which have been kept by the first-
mentioned authority in pursuance of the preceding subsection
or transmitted to that authority in pursuance of this subsection
and any records of vocational advice given to that person by the
Secretary of State which have been transmitted to the first-
mentioned authority by the Secretary of State.
( 3) Where to the knowledge of an authority a person ceases
to attend a school in the area of the authority otherwise than
with a view to attending another school in the area of that or
another authority, then, subject to the following subsection, it
shall be the duty of the authority-
( a) to give him a written summary of any vocational advice
already given to him on behalf of the authority and of
any vocational advice relating to him of which records
were transmitted to the authority in pursuance of the
preceding subsection or by the Secretary of State ; and
( b) to keep a copy of the summary for two years beginning
with the date on which he ceased to attend the school
in question ; and
( c ) to comply with a request for a copy of the summary
which during that period is made to the authority by
him ; and
( d ) to comply with a request for a copy of the summary
which, during that period and at a time when the
person to whom it relates is under the age of eighteen ,
is made to the authority by his parent or guardian ;
but an authority shall not be required by virtue of paragraph
( c) or (d ) of this subsection to furnish more than one copy of
the summary to the person to whom it relates or more than
one copy of it to a parent or guardian of his .
( 4 ) An authority shall not be required by virtue of paragraph
( a) of the preceding subsection to furnish a person with the
summary mentioned in that paragraph in a case where the
authority has, or the authority and other authorities and the
Secretary of State between them have, already furnished him
with written statements which together contain the information
which apart from this subsection would fall to be included
in the summary ; and that subsection shall have effect in such
a case as if paragraph (a) were omitted and any reference to the
summary in any other provision of that subsection were a
reference to the statements.
(5) Subsection ( 5) of the preceding section shall have effect
in relation to any function conferred on an authority by virtue
of the preceding provisions of this section as it has effect in
relation to any function mentioned in that subsection.
1389
1390 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
1962 с. 47.
1944 с. 31.
( 6 ) In this section-
" authority " means local education authority ;
" parent " , in relation to Scotland, has the meaning assigned
to it by section 145( 33) of the Education ( Scotland)
Act 1962 ;
" school ", in relation to England and Wales, has the
meaning assigned to it by section 114(1 ) of the Educa-
tion Act 1944 and, in relation to Scotland, has the
meaning assigned to it by section 145(42) of the said
Act of 1962 ; and
" vocational advice " means advice and guidance given in
pursuance of arrangements made for the purposes of
subsection ( 1 )(a) of the preceding section or in pur-
suance of the Employment and Training Act 1948 .
1948 с. 46.
Control of
education
authorities by
Secretary of
10
10.- (1) It shall be the duty of each local education
authority-
(a ) to perform the functions conferred on the authority by
State .
sections 8 and 9 of this Act in accordance with such
guidance of a general character as the Secretary of
State may give to the authority ; and
(b) to provide the Secretary of State, in such manner and at
such times as he may specify, with such information
and facilities for obtaining information as he may
specify with respect to the performance by the authority
of those functions .
(2) The Secretary of State may make arrangements with one
or more other Ministers of the Crown-
( a) for constituting a body consisting of officers of his and
of the other Ministers and of such other persons, if
any, as may be determined in pursuance of the arrange-
ments ; and
( b) for the performance by that body on behalf of the
Secretary of State of functions conferred on him by
the preceding subsection.
Financial
provisions.
Supplemental
11.-( 1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to pay
to the Commission such sums as are approved by the Treasury
and as he considers appropriate for the purpose of enabling the
Commission to perform its functions ; and it shall be the duty
of the Commission to pay to each of the Agencies such sums
as the Commission considers appropriate for the purpose of
enabling the Agency to perform its functions.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1391
( 2) There shall be paid out of money provided by
Parliament-
( a) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State for the
purposes of this Act ; and
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable under any other Act out of money
so provided ;
and any sums received by the Secretary of State by virtue of
this Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 3) Where it appears to the Commission or an industrial
training board within the meaning of the Industrial Training 1964 c. 16.
Act 1964 that any person would have been entitled, by reference
to an injury or disease developed by him or another person
in consequence of attendance at a course provided or approved
by the Commission or the board or in consequence of the use
of facilities so provided or approved, to receive any benefit or
increase in benefit in pursuance of the National Insurance 1965 c. 52.
(Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 but for the fact that he or the
other person was not at a relevant time an insured person within
the meaning of that Act, the Commission or the board may
make to him payments equal to the whole or part of the benefit
or increase in question ; and the Secretary of State may make
such payments where the course or facilities in question were
provided or approved by him in pursuance of subsection ( 4) of
section 3 of this Act or by another person in pursuance of that
subsection.
12.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of the Commission in exercising Ancillary and
any power to select disabled persons for courses of training transitional
and other courses or any power to submit for engagements provisions.
the names of persons registered as handicapped by disablement
and of the Secretary of State and any other person in exercising
such a power in pursuance of section 3( 4) of this Act, to give
preference, so far as it or he considers it consistent with the
efficient exercise of that power, to persons of the classes specified
in section 16 of the Disabled Persons ( Employment) Act 1944 1944 с. 10.
( which specifies the classes of ex-service men and women to
whom preference is to be given in pursuance of that section) ;
and in this subsection " disabled person " and " person registered
as handicapped by disablement " have the same meanings as
inthatAct.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty-
( a) of the Commission and of each local education authority
to furnish the Secretary of State with such information
in its possession as the Secretary of State may specify
as being information required by him in connection
1392 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
1965 с. 52.
1967с. 34 .
1966 с . 20.
with the determination of questions relating to contri-
butions or benefit under the National Insurance Acts
1965 to 1972 or benefit under the National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 or the Industrial
Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967 ;
( b) of the Commission and of each local education authority
to furnish the Supplementary Benefits Commission
with such information in its possession as the Secretary
of State may specify as being information required
by the latter Commission in connection with the deter-
mination of questions relating to benefit within the
meaning of the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 ;
(c) subject to the following subsection, of each local educa-
tion authority to comply with any directions of the
Secretary of State requiring it-
(i) to issue, to persons under the age of eighteen
who apply for them, such documents relating to the
contributions aforesaid as may be specified in the
directions , and
(ii) to furnish the Secretary of State with such
information as may be so specified with respect to
persons to whom documents are issued in pursuance
of the directions ;
and any information falling to be furnished in pursuance of this
subsection shall be furnished in such a form and at such times
as the Secretary of State may direct.
(3) If the Commission and a local education authority agree
that the duty imposed on the authority by virtue of paragraph
( c) of the preceding subsection shall be performed by the Com-
mission on behalf of the authority, that paragraph shall, while
the agreement is in force, have effect in relation to that duty
as if for references to the local education authority there were sub-
stituted references to the Commission ; but the Secretary of
State may by order provide that that paragraph and this sub-
section shall cease to have effect on a date specified in the order .
(4) The Commission or an industrial training board may make
to any person payments by way of travelling and subsistence
allowances and compensation for loss of remunerative time
which are approved by the Secretary of State and which the
Commission or board considers are appropriate in connection
with the person's attendance at any examination connected with
a claim for payments from the Commission or board in pur-
suance of subsection (3) of the preceding section ; and the
Secretary of State may make payments by way of travelling and
subsistence allowances and compensation for loss of remunera-
tive time in connection with a claim for payments by him in
pursuance of that subsection .
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1393
(5) No limitation imposed on the powers of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland by the Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall 1920 c. 67.
preclude that Parliament from making laws for purposes similar
to any of the purposes of this Act.
( 6 ) If the term of office of any person as a member of a Youth
Employment Committee would apart from this subsection expire
on or after the day when this subsection comes into force but
before the date when the Committee is abolished, the term
shall by virtue of this subsection be extended so as to expire
on that date.
13.-( 1) In this Act, apart from Schedule 2, the following Interpretation
expressions have the following meanings
etc.
" the Agencies " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1( 4 ) of this Act ;
66
the Commission " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 1 (2) of this Act ;
“
employee " , except in Schedule 1, includes a person
engaged under a contract for services, and " employer "
shall be construed accordingly ;
" employment ", except in section 7 and Schedule 1, means
employment under a contract of service or apprentice-
ship or a contract for services or otherwise than under
a contract, and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" facilities " includes services ;
" functions " includes powers and duties ;
"local education authority ", in relation to Scotland, means
an education authority as defined in section 145( 16) of
the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 ;
1962 с. 47.
" modifications " includes additions, omissions and amend-
ments ;
" training " includes any education with a view to employ-
ment, and cognate expressions shall be construed
accordingly ; and
" university ", in relation to Scotland, includes a central
institution and a college of education as defined in
section 145 of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962.
1962 с. 47.(2) A reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference
to it as amended, and includes a reference to it as applied, by
or under any other enactment.
( 3) The powers conferred on the Secretary of State by this Act
are in addition to and not in substitution for any powers exercis-
able by him apart from this Act.
1394 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
( 4 ) Any power to make an order which is conferred on the
Secretary of State by this Act apart from Schedule 2 shall
be exercisable by statutory instrument, and an order made in
the exercise of such a power-
( a) may include such supplemental and incidental provisions
as the Secretary of State considers appropriate for
the purposes of the order ;
(b) may, except in the case of an order made by virtue of
section 8(6) or 12(3) of this Act, be varied or revoked
by a subsequent order so made, so however that an
order appointing a day shall not be varied or revoked
by virtue of this subsection on or after that day.
(5) No order shall be made in pursuance of section 7(4 ) ( c) of
this Act unless a draft of the order has been approved by a
resolution of each House of Parliament and a statutory instru-
ment containing an order made by virtue of section 7( 5) of this
Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
Minor and
14.- (1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act
consequential shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule ;
amendments of but the coming into force of paragraph 12 or 15 of that Schedule
enactments,
and repeals.
shall not affect any order made under the Act referred to in that
paragraph before the date when that paragraph comes into
force.
( 2) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns
of Schedule 4 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent
specified in the third column of that Schedule ; but nothing in
1964 с. 16.
this subsection affects the application of the Industrial Training
Act 1964 to the Agricultural Training Board.
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
1948 с. 46.
1970 с. 40.
15.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Employment and
Training Act 1973 .
( 2 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order appoint, and-
(a) different days may be appointed in pursuance of this
subsection for the purposes of different provisions of
this Act or for different purposes of the same
provision of this Act ; and
(b) any such order may contain such transitional provisions
as the Secretary of State considers appropriate in
connection with the order.
(3) This Act, except section 12(5), paragraphs 4, 5, 9 and 13 of
Schedule 3 and Schedule 4 so far as it relates to section 20 of
the Employment and Training Act 1948 and to the Agriculture
Act 1970, does not extend to Northern Ireland .
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1395
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONSTITUTION ETC. OF
THE COMMISSION AND AGENCIES
Tenure of office
1. Subject to paragraphs 2 to 4 of this Schedule, aperson shall hold
and vacate office as a member or the chairman or a deputy chair-
man in accordance with the terms of the instrument appointing him
to that office.
2. A person may at any time resign his office as a member or the
chairman or a deputy chairman by giving to the Secretary of State
a notice in writing signed by that person and stating that he resigns
that office.
3.- (1) If a member becomes or ceases to be the chairman or a
deputy chairman, the Secretary of State may vary the terms of the
instrument appointing him to be a member so as to alter the date
on which he is to vacate office as a member.
( 2) If the chairman or a deputy chairman ceases to be a member
he shall cease to be the chairman or a deputy chairman, as the
case maybe.
4.- (1 ) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a member
( a ) has been absent from meetings of the Commission for a
period longer than six consecutive months without the
permission of the Commission ; or
(b ) has become bankrupt or made an arrangement with his
creditors ; or
(c ) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness ; or
(d ) is otherwise unable or unfit to discharge the functions of a
member,
the Secretary of State may declare his office as a member to be
vacant and shall notify the declaration in such manner as the
Secretary of State thinks fit; and thereupon the office shall become
vacant.
( 2 ) In the application of the preceding sub-paragraph to Scotland
for the references in paragraph ( b) to a member's having become
bankrupt and to a member's having made an arrangement with his
creditors there shall be substituted respectively references to seques-
tration of a member's estate having been awarded and to a member's
having made a trust deed for behoof of his creditors or a composition
contract.
Remuneration etc. of members
5. The Commission may pay to each member such remuneration
and allowances as the Secretary of State may determine.
Section 1 (5 ).
1396 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 1 6. The Commission may pay or make provision for paying, to or
in respect of any member, such sums by way of pensions, super-
annuation allowances and gratuities as the Secretary of State may
determine.
7. Where a person ceases to be a member otherwise than on the
expiry of his term of office and it appears to the Secretary of State
that there are special circumstances which make it right for him to
receive compensation, the Commission may make to him a payment
of such amount as the Secretary of State may determine.
Proceedings
8. The quorum of the Commission and the arrangements relating
to meetings of the Commission shall be such as the Commission
may determine.
9. The validity of any proceedings of the Commission shall not
be affected by any vacancy among the members or by any defect in
the appointment of a member.
Staff
10.- (1 ) Subject to the following paragraph, the Commission may
appoint such officers and servants as it may determine with the
consent of the Secretary of State as to numbers and terms of employ-
ment ; and any reference in this Act to an employee of the Com-
mission is a reference to a person appointed in pursuance of this
sub- paragraph.
( 2) Different numbers and terms of employment may be deter-
mined in pursuance of the preceding sub-paragraph in relation to
employees or proposed employees of different categories .
11 .- ( 1) It shall be the duty of the Commission to make, before
such date as the Secretary of State may determine, an offer of em-
ployment by the Commission to each person who is employed by
the Secretary of State and whose name is notified to the Commission
by the Secretary of State in pursuance of this sub-paragraph ; and
the terms of the offer must be such that in the opinion of the
Secretary of State they are, taken as a whole, not less favourable
to the person to whom the offer is made than the terms on which
he is employed by the Secretary of State on the date on which the
offer is made.
( 2 ) An offer made in pursuance of the preceding sub- paragraph
shall not be revocable during the period of three months beginning
with the date on which the offer is made.
12. It shall be the duty of the Commission, except so far as it is
satisfied that adequate machinery exists for achieving the purpose
of this paragraph, to seek consultation with any organisation appear-
ing to the Commission to be appropriate with a view to the con-
clusion between the Commission and that organisation of such
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1397
agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to
SCH. 1
the establishment and maintenance of machinery for-
( a ) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of
employment of employees of the Commission, with pro-
vision for reference to arbitration in default of such a settle-
ment in such cases as may be determined by or under the
agreement ; and
( b ) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the
safety, health and welfare of employees of the Commission
and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to the
Commission and its employees, including efficiency in the
performance of the Commission's functions .
Performance of functions
13. The Commission may authorise any member or employee
of the Commission and, with the consent of the Secretary of State,
any other person to perform on behalf of the Commission such of the
Commission's functions (including the function conferred on the
Commission by this paragraph ) as are specified in the authorisation.
Accounts and reports
14.- (1 ) It shall be the duty of the Commission-
( a ) to keep proper accounts and proper records in relation to
the accounts ;
(b ) to prepare in respect of each accounting year a statement of
accounts in such form as the Secretary of State may direct
with the approval of the Treasury ; and
( c ) to send copies of the statement to the Secretary of State
and the Comptroller and Auditor General before the end of
the month of November next following the accounting year
to which the statement relates.
( 2) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify
and report on each statement received by him in pursuance of
this Schedule and shall lay copies of each statement and of his report
before each House of Parliament.
15. It shall be the duty of the Commission to make to the
Secretary of State, as soon as possible after the end of each accounting
year , a report on the performance of its functions during that year ;
and the Secretary of State shall lay before each House of Parliament
a copy of each report made to him in pursuance of this paragraph.
Supplemental
16. For the purposes of section 2 of the Official Secrets Act 1911 1911 с. 28.
( which among other things relates to the wrongful communication
of information ) a member and an employee of the Commission shall
be deemed to hold an office under Her Majesty.
17. The Secretary of State shall not make a determination or give
his consent in pursuance of paragraph 5, 6, 7 or 10(1) of this Schedule
except with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service.
1398 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 1 18. The fixing of the common seal of the Commission shall be
authenticated by the signature of the secretary of the Commission
or some other person authorised by the Commission to act for that
purpose.
19. A document purporting to be duly executed under the seal
of the Commission shall be received in evidence and shall, unless
the contrary is proved, be deemed to be so executed.
20. In the preceding provisions of this Schedule-
( a ) " accounting year " means the period of twelve months
ending with 31st March in any year except that the first
accounting year of the Commission shall, if the Secretary
of State so directs, be such period shorter or longer than
twelve months ( but not longer than two years) as is specified
in the direction ; and
( b ) " the chairman ", a deputy chairman " and " a member "
mean respectively the chairman, a deputy chairman and a
member of the Commission.
Application to the Agencies etc.
21 .- (1 ) The preceding provisions of this Schedule shall have effect
in relation to each of the Agencies as if-
( a ) for any reference to the Commission there were substituted a
reference to the Agency ;
( b ) for any reference to the Secretary of State in paragraphs 2
to 4, 13 and 20 and the first such reference in paragraph 7
there were substituted a reference to the Commission ;
( c ) for any reference to the Secretary of State in paragraphs 5
to 7 (except the first such reference in paragraph 7 ) there
were substituted a reference to the Commission acting with
the consent of the Secretary of State ;
( d ) for any reference to the chairman there were substituted a
reference to the director, and any reference to a deputy
chairman were omitted ;
(e ) in paragraph 14(1)( c ) for the words from " Secretary " to
"
following " there were substituted the words " Commission
by such date as the Commission may direct after the end
of"; and
( f ) paragraph 15 were omitted.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Commission to include in or send
with the copies of the statement sent by it as required by paragraph
14(1)(c ) of this Schedule copies of the statement sent to it by each
of the Agencies in pursuance of the said paragraph 14 (1)( c) as
adapted by the preceding sub- paragraph.
( 3) The terms of an instrument appointing a person to be a
member of either of the Agencies shall be such as the Commission
may determine with the approval of the Secretary of State and the
Minister for the Civil Service.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c. 50
1399
SCHEDULE 2
MODIFICATIONS OF INDUSTRIAL TRAINING ACT 1964
PART I
THE MODIFICATIONS-GENERAL
1. Subject to any modifications made by the following paragraphs
of this Part of this Schedule in any of the following provisions of
the Act, in sections 1( 4) , 2 (5) and (6), 4(2), 5(1 ), (2) and ( 5), 7(2) and
8( 3) of the Act a reference to the Commission shall be substituted
for any reference to the Secretary of State.
2.- (1) In section 1(1) of the Act after the word " may" there
shall be inserted the words " , if the Manpower Services Commission
submits to him proposals that he should do so,".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2 ) of section 1 of the Act, after the word
" Act " there shall be inserted the following definitions-
" the Commission " means the Manpower Services Commission ;
"
employee " includes a person engaged under a contract for
services , and " employer " shall be construed accordingly ;
"
employment " means employment under a contract of service
or apprenticeship or a contract for services or otherwise
than under a contract, and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" exemption certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 4A(1 ) of this Act, and " holder " in relation to an
exemption certificate means the person to whom the
certificate is issued ;
and for so much of the said subsection ( 2) as begins with the word
" and " in the definition of " the industry " there shall be substituted
the following definitions-
" levy order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 4(1) of
this Act ; and
" the Minister " means the Secretary of State.
( 3) In section 1( 4 ) of the Act, for the words " Before making
"
there shall be substituted the words " Before the Commission
submits to the Minister proposals for the making of " .
3. (1) In section 2(1) of the Act-
( a ) at the beginning there shall be inserted the words " For
the purpose of encouraging adequate training of persons
employed or intending to be employed in the industry " ;
( b) in paragraphs ( a ) and ( c) for the word " shall " there shall be
substituted the word " may " and in paragraph ( a ) for the
"
words from " of persons to " required " there shall be
substituted the words " of those persons as the board con-
siders adequate " and for the words " such persons " there
shall be substituted the words " those persons " ;
Section 6.
1400 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 ( c ) after paragraph (g) there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
( h ) may provide advice about training connected with
the industry.
( 2 ) For subsection ( 3) of section 2 of the Act there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
(3) An industrial training board may-
( a ) at the request of another industrial training board pro-
vide advice for the other board and courses and other
facilities for the training of persons employed or
intending to be employed in the industry for which
that other board is established ;
( b ) at the request of the Commission provide such other
advice, and such other courses and facilities for train-
ing, as are mentioned in the request ;
( c ) at the request of an employer in the industry provide
for him advice about training connected with activities
carried on in Northern Ireland or outside the United
Kingdom which, if they were carried on in Great
Britain , would be included in the industry ;
( d ) enter into agreements with persons for the making by
them of payments to the board in respect of the
exercise by the board of any of its functions ;
(e) take part in any arrangements made in pursuance of
section 2( 1) or (2 ), 3( 4 ) or 8 of the Employment and
Training Act 1973 ( which relate to arrangements for
persons to select, train for and obtain suitable employ-
ments and to obtain suitable employees) ;
but any expense incurred by the board in pursuance of para-
graph (c) of this subsection shall not be defrayed out of sums
received by the board by way of levy.
(3) At the end of paragraph ( b) of section 2( 4) of the Act there
shall be inserted the words " , to persons who make studies for the
purpose of providing such courses or facilities and to persons who
maintain arrangements to provide such courses or facilities which
are not for the time being in use " and at the end of the said section
2( 4) there shall be inserted the following paragraph-
( d ) make payments to persons in connection with arrangements
under which they or employees of theirs make use of
courses or other facilities provided or approved by the
board.
4.- (1) In section 3( 1) of the Act for the words " the proposals
there shall be substituted the words " proposals submitted to and
approved by the Commission under section 7 of this Act " and after
the words " section 2 " there shall be inserted the words or 4B( 4) "."
( 2) In section 3(2) of the Act, for the words from " allowances
onwards there shall be substituted the words " allowances (including
allowances for loss of remunerative time) as the Minister may
determine with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service and
to the chairman of any such committee to which functions mentioned
Employment and Training Act 1973 c. 50
1401
in the preceding subsection are delegated ( hereafter in this section
referred to as a " relevant committee ") such remuneration as the
Minister may so determine " .
( 3) After subsection ( 2) of section 3 of the Act there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
( 2A ) An industrial training board may make, or as the case
may be join in making, such arrangements as the Minister may
specify with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service-
( a ) for the payment of pensions, superannuation allowances
and gratuities to or in respect of the chairmen of
relevant committees ;
( b ) for the payment of compensation to a person who
ceases to be a chairman of a relevant committee other-
wise than on the expiry of his term of office where
it appears to the Minister that there are special
circumstances which make it right for him to receive
compensation.
5.- (1 ) For subsection ( 1) of section 4 of the Act there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
(1) For the purpose of encouraging adequate training in the
industry an industrial training board may, in accordance with an
order made by the Minister ( hereafter in this Act referred to
as " a levy order ") , impose a levy on employers in the industry
except so far as they are exempted from the levy by the industrial
training order, the levy order or an exemption certificate.
( 2 ) In section 4( 2 ) of the Act, after the words " to proposals
"
there shall be inserted the words " in respect of a levy which have
been".
( 3) In section 4 of the Act, after subsection (2) there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
( 2A ) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as requiring the
Minister to make a levy order in a case in which he considers it
inexpedient to make one ; and the Minister shall not make a levy
order in pursuance of any proposals under the said section 7
unless-
( a ) he is satisfied that proposals published by the relevant
board in pursuance of section 4A of this Act provide
for exemption certificates relating to the levy (other than
levy payable by virtue of subsection (1B) of the said
section 7) in such cases as he considers appropriate ;
( b) such of the proposals under the said section 7 as were
made in pursuance of subsection ( 1A)(a) of that section
and are approved by the Commission provide for the
exemption from the levy of employers who, in view
of the small number of their employees, ought in his
opinion to be exempted from it ;
(c ) he is satisfied that such of the proposals under the said
section 7 as were made in pursuance of subsection ( 1B)
of that section are necessary as mentioned in paragraph
SCH. 2
1402 c. 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 (a ) of that subsection and are shown, by evidence
furnished by the board which made the proposals, to be
considered necessary as mentioned in paragraph (b)
of that subsection ; and
( d ) the amount which, disregarding any exemptions, he
estimates would if the order were made be payable by
virtue of it by any employer in the industry either-
(i ) does not exceed an amount which the Minister
estimates is equal to one per cent. of the aggre-
gate of the emoluments and payments intended
to be disbursed as emoluments which are paid
and payable, by that employer to or in respect
of persons employed in the industry, in respect
of the period specified in the proposals as the
period which is relevant for the purposes of this
sub-paragraph, or
(ii) does exceed the amount mentioned in the pre-
ceding sub-paragraph but is considered by him
to be appropriate in the circumstances ;
and a levy order made in a case falling within paragraph (d )( ii )
of this subsection shall state that it is made in such a case.
( 4 ) In section 4( 3) of the Act, before the word " contain " there
shall be inserted the words " provide for payments by way of levy
to accrue due from day to day over a period specified in the order
and may " and before the word " become " there shall be inserted
the words " (whether or not any period over which that amount
accrues due has expired ) " .
( 5 ) At the end of section 4 ( 4 ) of the Act there shall be inserted
the words "unless the instrument contains only an order which
includes a statement that it is made in a case falling within sub-
section (2A ) (d )(ii) of this section, and no levy order which includes
such a statement shall be made unless a draft of the order has been
approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament ".
6. After section 4 of the Act there shall be inserted the following
sections-
Proposals 4A.- (1 ) An industrial training board may from time
for
to time, and shall whenever directed to do so by the
exemption by Commission, submit to the Commission for the Com-
certificate
from certain mission's approval proposals for the issue of certificates
levies.
( in this Act referred to as " exemption certificates ")
which, while the certificates are in force, are to exempt
from relevant levy employers in the industry who-
( a ) make arrangements for the training, or the
training and further education associated with
training, of persons needed to carry on the
activities which are or are expected to be carried
on at establishments of the employers ; and
(b ) satisfy the board, by reference to criteria specified
in the proposals, that the arrangements are
adequate for those establishments ;
and in this subsection " relevant levy " means levy which,
apart from any exemption certificate, is payable to the
board in question by virtue of this Act in respect of
Employment and Training Act 1973 c.50
1403
persons employed at establishments for which such
arrangements are made, other than levy which the levy
order authorising it provides is to be payable notwith-
standing any exemption certificate .
( 2) Where a board by which proposals are submitted
to the Commission in pursuance of the preceding sub-
section is informed by the Commission that the Com-
mission and the Minister approve the proposals, it shall
be the duty of the board to arrange for the proposals to
be published as soon as practicable in a manner approved
by the Commission.
( 3) Proposals made by a board in pursuance of sub-
section (1) of this section-
( a ) must include proposals as to the arrangements
for the reconsideration of decisions in pursuance
of subsection ( 4 ) of the following section ; and
( b) may include proposals for altering or cancelling
any previous proposals made by the board in
pursuance of subsection (1) of this section ;
but proposals made by virtue of paragraph ( b) of this
subsection shall not affect the operation of any exemp-
tion certificates issued in pursuance of previous proposals .
( 4 ) Subsections (2) to (6 ) of section 7 of this Act shall
have effect in relation to a direction under subsection (1)
of this section and proposals mentioned in that subsec-
tion as they have effect in relation to a direction under
section 7( 1 ) of this Act and proposals mentioned in the
said section 7( 1).
Certificates
4B.- ( 1 ) Where an industrial training board is satis-
of exemption fied, on an application made in writing to the board by
from levy.
an employer liable apart from this section to pay to the
board any levy from which exemption may be conferred
on him by an exemption certificate, that the arrangements
made by him for the training, or the training and further
education associated with training, of persons needed to
carry on the activities which are or are expected to be
carried on at a particular establishment of his are such
that , in accordance with proposals published by the
board in pursuance of the preceding section, an exemp-
tion certificate falls to be issued to him in respect of
the establishment, it shall be the duty of the board to
issue such a certificate to him ; and the holder of an
exemption certificate shall, while the certificate is in
force, be exempt from levy payable to the board by virtue
of this Act in respect of persons employed at the estab-
lishment to which the certificate relates, other than levy
which the levy order authorising it provides is to be
payable notwithstanding any exemption certificate.
( 2) An exemption certificate-
( a ) may require the holder of the certificate to
comply with such conditions relating to the
SCH . 2
1404 c.50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 training, or the training and education, ofpersons
needed to carry on the activities which are or
are expected to be carried on at the establish-
ments to which the certificate relates (including
in particular conditions as to the inspection on
behalf of the relevant board of the arrangements
for the training or the training and education)
as are specified in the certificate and are in
accordance with the proposals mentioned in the
preceding subsection ;
(b) shall specify the date on which the certificate is
to come into force ;
( c) shall specify the period ( not exceeding three years
beginning with that date ) at the expiration of
which it shall cease to be in force unless it has
previously ceased to be in force by virtue of the
following subsection ;
( d ) may provide that the certificate shall be deemed
to have been in force for such period before the
date on which it comes into force as is specified
in the certificate ( which shall not begin before
the period of one year ending with the date
on which the said board received the application
in pursuance of which it issues the certificate) ;
and any levy paid to the said board by a person for a
period in respect of which by virtue of paragraph (d ) of
this subsection it becomes not payable shall be repayable
by the board to that person.
( 3) An exemption certificate issued by a board shall
cease to be in force if the board gives notice in writing
to the holder of the certificate stating that in the opinion
of the board he has failed to comply with conditions
specified in the certificate and mentioned in the notice ;
but for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this
subsection a notice given in pursuance of this subsection
shall be disregarded if the board subsequently informs
the person to whom it was given that the notice is
withdrawn.
( 4) If a person who is liable apart from any exemption
certificate to pay to a board levy from which exemption
may be conferred by an exemption certificate is dissatis-
fied with the decision of the board-
(a ) to refuse to issue to him an exemption certificate
relating to such levy in respect of a particular
establishment ; or
(b) to refuse to include in an exemption certificate
issued to him provisions or different provisions
authorised by subsection ( 2)(b) or (d ) of this
section ; or
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1405
( c ) to include in an exemption certificate provisions
requiring him to comply with conditions ; or
( d ) to give a notice to him in pursuance of sub-
section (3) of this section,
and requests the board in writing to reconsider the
decision, it shall be the duty of the board to reconsider
it or to secure that it is reconsidered by a committee
authorised to deal with such requests by virtue of section
3(1) of this Act ; and if on reconsidering the decision
the board or committee decides not to alter it, or not to
alter it in a manner which the person who made the
request considers is satisfactory, that person may refer
the decision to a body established in pursuance of the
following subsection.
( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the Minister to make
regulations establishing a body to which decisions are
to be referred in pursuance of the preceding subsection ;
and regulations made by virtue of this subsection may
include provisions as to the powers and procedure of
the body and such other provisions (including provisions
for defraying the body's expenses out of moneys provided
by Parliament or otherwise) as the Minister considers
appropriate for the purpose of facilitating the exercise
by the body of its functions and may, without prejudice
to the generality of the preceding provisions of this
subsection-
( a ) require a board to draw the attention of a person
to his right to refer a decision to the body ;
( b ) authorise the body to direct a board of which
a decision is referred to the body to alter the
decision in a manner specified in the direction ;
and
( c) require the board to comply with the direction
and provide for any case in which it fails to
do so.
(6 ) Regulations under subsection (5 ) of this section
shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament.
( 7 ) No appeal shall lie to a tribunal established in
pursuance of section 12 of this Act in respect of such a
decision as is mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of this section.
7.- (1) In section 5( 1) of the Act for the word " Treasury " there
shall be substituted the word " Minister " .
( 2 ) In section 5 of the Act after subsection (1) there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
SCH. 2
1406 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 (1A ) The Commission may give to an industrial training
board such directions as the Commission thinks fit for the
purpose of securing-
( a ) that the board's expenditure for a purpose specified in
the directions does not exceed an amount so specified ;
and
( b) that the whole or part of any grant or loan made to
the board in pursuance of the preceding subsection is
used only for the purposes specified in the directions ;
and it shall be the duty of the board to comply with the
directions.
8.- (1) At the end of section 6( 3) of the Act there shall be inserted
the words " or to the Commission, the Employment Service Agency,
the Training Services Agency or an officer of the Commission or
either Agency".
( 2 ) In section 6(7)( b) of the Act for the words " either of those
subsections " there shall be substituted the words " that subsection " .
9. After section 6 of the Act there shall be inserted the following
section-
Provisions
supple-
mentary tos.6.
6A .- (1) The Commission may, with the approval of
the Minister, direct an industrial training board to exer-
cise the power to require the furnishing of information
which is conferred on the board by subsection ( 2) of the
preceding section ( hereafter in this section referred to as
" the relevant power " ) so as to require employers in the
industry to furnish to the board, in such form and on such
occasions as are specified in the direction, such informa-
tion as the Commission considers that the Commission
needs for the purposes of its functions and as is so
specified ; and it shall be the duty of the board to comply
with the direction.
( 2 ) An industrial training board shall not exercise the
relevant power except-
( a ) in pursuance of a direction given by virtue of the
preceding subsection ; or
( b) with the approval of the Minister and in accord-
ance with the conditions, if any, of the approval ;
and any application by a board for approval in pursuance
of paragraph ( b) of this subsection must be made to the
Commission and contain such information as the Com-
mission may require with respect to the proposed exercise
of the relevant power.
( 3) Where the Commission receives such an application
from a board the Commission-
( a ) may request the board to withdraw or alter the
application ; and
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1407
( b) shall, if it does not so request or the board
declines to comply with the request or complies
with a request to alter the application, transmit
the application to the Minister ;
and it shall be the duty of the Commission on transmit-
ting the application to the Minister to inform him whether
in its opinion he should reject the application or approve
it with specified conditions or without conditions .
( 4) An approval of an application given by the Minister
in pursuance of subsection ( 2) (b) of this section may be
given subject to conditions that the board in question
may exercise the relevant power only for the purpose of
requiring the furnishing of information in such forms
and on such occasions as are specified in the instrument
of approval.
10.- ( 1) For subsection (1) of section 7 of the Act there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
(1) An industrial training board shall from time to time, and
whenever directed to do so by the Commission, submit to the
Commission for the Commission's approval proposals for the
exercise of functions conferred on the board by section 2 of this
Act and may from time to time, and shall whenever directed by
the Commission to do so, submit as aforesaid-
( a ) proposals for the delegation of all or any of those
functions to committees established under section 3 of
this Act ; and
(b ) proposals for the raising and collection of a levy.
(2 ) After subsection (1) of section 7 of the Act there shall be
inserted the following subsections-
(1A ) Any proposals by a board in pursuance of paragraph (b)
of the preceding subsection must include-
( a ) proposals for exempting from the levy any employer
who, in view of the small number of his employees,
ought in the opinion of the board to be exempted from
it ; and
( b ) such information or further information as the Com-
mission directs the board to furnish, and any additional
information which the board considers appropriate, for
the purpose of assisting the Minister to decide whether
a levy order made in pursuance of the proposals would
fall within sub-paragraph ( i ) or sub-paragraph (ii ) of
section 4(2A)(d ) of this Act ;
and proposals in pursuance of paragraph ( a ) of this subsection
may be made in respect of different numbers of employees for
different employers or classes of employers and may provide
for numbers of employees or for employers or classes of em-
ployers to be determined by reference to such factors as are
specified in the proposals.
SCH. 2
1408 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 (1B) Any proposals made by a board in pursuance of para-
graph ( b) of subsection (1) of this section may include proposals
for securing that exemption certificates issued by the board shall
not exempt from the whole or a portion of the levy the employers
or some of the employers in the industry, and different proposals
may be made in pursuance of this subsection as respects different
categories of employers and different portions of the levy ; but
the Commission shall not approve proposals made in pursuance
of this subsection unless-
( a ) it is of the opinion that the proposals are necessary to
encourage adequate training in the industry ; and
( b) it is satisfied, by evidence furnished to it by the board,
that-
(i) organisations appearing to it to represent more
than half of the persons whom it considers are
likely to be liable to make payments by way of
levy in consequence of the proposals, and
(ii) organisations appearing to it to represent persons
whom it considers are together likely to be liable
to make payments by way of levy in consequence
of the proposals which amount to more than half
the aggregate amount of those payments,
consider, after taking reasonable steps to ascertain the views
of the proposals taken by the persons aforesaid who are
represented by the organisations, that the proposals are
necessary as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) of this subsection.
(1C ) It shall be the duty of the Commission to submit to the
Minister any proposals which are made to the Commission in
pursuance of paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) of this section and
approved by the Commission.
( 3) In section 7( 2) of the Act for the words from " the proposals
submitted " to " unsatisfactory he " there shall be substituted the
words " it appears to the Minister, after he has considered a report
made to him by the Commission on the proposals submitted in
pursuance of the direction, that the proposals are unsatisfactory he ".
11 .- (1 ) In section 8(1) of the Act for the words " Minister may,
with the approval of " there shall be substituted the words " Com-
mission may, with the approval of the Minister and " .
( 2 ) At the beginning of section 8( 4) of the Act there shall be
inserted the words " The Commission shall send a copy of every such
report to the Minister and ".
12.- (1) In section 9(1) of the Act after the word " may " there
shall be inserted the words " on the recommendation of the
Commission ".
( 2 ) In section 9( 2) of the Act for the words from the beginning to
" Minister " there shall be substituted the words " Before recom-
mending the making of an order under subsection ( 1)(a) of this
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1409
section the Commission shall consult the industrial training board and
such organisations or associations appearing to the Commission to
be representative-
( a ) of employers engaged in activities to be included in or
excluded from the relevant industrial training order by
virtue of the amendments in question ; and
( b) of employees engaged in those activities ;
and before recommending the making of an order under subsection
(1)(b ) of this section the Commission " .
( 3) In section 9( 3) of the Act after the word " industry " there
shall be inserted the words " (whether or not they are holders of
exemption certificates) " and after the word " raising " there shall
be inserted the words " the whole or part of ".
13. After section 9 of the Act there shall be inserted the follow-
ing section-
Transfer of
establish-
ments'
activities
from
industry of
one board
tothat of
another.
9A .- (1) If an employer in the industry of an industrial
training board requests the Commission in writing to
secure that activities carried on at a particular establish-
ment of his shall, instead of being included for the pur-
poses of this Act in that industry, be included for those
purposes in the industry of another industrial training
board, the Commission may if it thinks fit, after con-
sulting both the boards in question about the request,
submit it to the Minister with a recommendation that he
should give effect to the request.
( 2 ) Where the Minister receives a recommendation in
pursuance of the preceding subsection in respect of a
request he may if he thinks fit make an order giving
effect to the request ; and the power conferred by this
subsection to make an order relating to an establishment
shall-
( a ) be exercisable by statutory instrument ; and
( b) include power to revoke or vary any previous
order made in the exercise of that power in
respect of the establishment.
( 3 ) An industrial training order or an order under the
preceding section may revoke an order under the preced-
ing subsection.
14. In section 10 of the Act after the word " board " in sub-
section ( 1 ) and in each place where it occurs in subsection (3) there
shall be inserted the words " the Commission or the Minister".
15. In section 12 of the Act after subsection (2A) there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
( 2B) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment pay such remuneration as he may determine with the
consent of the Minister for the Civil Service to the President
of the Industrial Tribunals ( England and Wales), the President
of the Industrial Tribunals (Scotland) and any person who is a
member on a full-time basis of a panel of chairmen of tribunals
Part II Y
SCH. 2
1410 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 which is appointed in accordance with regulations under this
section.
16. In section 14(1) of the Act for the words from the beginning
to " carried on" there shall be substituted the words " An industrial
training board may, with the consent of the Commission given with
the approval of the Minister, exercise such functions in connection
with training for employment " and at the end of section 14(1 ) there
shall be inserted the words 66
; and the board may enter into agree-
ments for the making of payments to the board in respect of the
exercise in pursuance of this subsection of functions by the board."
17. In the Schedule to the Act-
( a ) at the end of paragraph 4 there shall be inserted the words
" and may make such arrangements for the payment of
pensions, superannuation allowances and gratuities to or
in respect of its chairman as the Minister may specify with
the like approval " ;
(b ) after paragraph 4 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
4A. Where a person ceases to be the chairman of an
industrial training board otherwise than on the expiry of
his term of office and it appears to the Minister that
there are special circumstances which make it right for
him to receive compensation , the board may make him
a payment of such amount as the Minister may determine
with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service. ;
( c) in paragraph 6(1) after the word " specify " there shall be
inserted the words " and the Commission " ;
( d ) after sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 6 there shall be inserted
the following sub-paragraph-
(1A ) The Commission may appoint one or more persons
to attend the meetings of a committee of an industrial
training board, and a person so appointed shall be entitled
to take part in the proceedings of the committee and
receive copies of all documents distributed to its members
but shall have no vote. ;
( e ) at the end of paragraph 10 there shall be inserted the words
" with the approval of the Minister given with the consent
of the Minister for the Civil Service " ; and
( f ) in paragraph 11 for the words " as the board may deter-
"
mine" there shall be substituted the words ( including
allowances for loss of remunerative time ) as the Minister
may determine with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service " .
18. The following provisions of the Act shall cease to have effect,
namely-
( a ) section 2( 1)( f ) ;
( b) in section 3(1), the words from ", in accordance" to " section
7 of this Act," ;
( c ) in section 5, in subsection (1) the words " out of moneys
provided by Parliament ", subsection ( 3) and in sub-
section ( 4 ) the words from " and any " onwards ;
Employment and Training Act 1973 c. 50
1411
( d ) in section 6, subsection (1), in subsection ( 2 ) the words from
" and any " to " board" in the second place where it occurs
and in subsections (6 ) and ( 7 )( a ) the words " subsection (1)
or";
(e ) sections 11, 13 and 17 ;
( f ) in the Schedule, paragraph 6(2).
SCH. 2
PART II
SECTIONS 1 Tο 7, 9, 9A, 12 AND 14 (1) OF THE ACT AS AMENDED
1.- (1) For the purpose of making better provision for the training Establishment
of persons over compulsory school age (in Scotland school age ) for of industrial
employment in any activities of industry or commerce the Minister training
may, if the Manpower Services Commission submits to him proposals
that he should do so, make an order specifying those activities and
establishing a board to exercise in relation to them the functions
conferred on industrial training boards by the following provisions
ofthis Act.
( 2 ) In this Act-
" the Commission " means the Manpower Services Commission ;
" employee " includes a person engaged under a contract for
services, and " employer " shall be construed accordingly ;
" employment " means employment under a contract of service
or apprenticeship or a contract for services or otherwise
than under a contract, and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" exemption certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 4A( 1) of this Act, and " holder " in relation to an
exemption certificate means the person to whom the
certificate is issued ;
"
industrial training board" means a board established under
this section ;
"
industrial training order " means an order under this section ;
the industry " , in relation to an industrial training board,
means the activities in relation to which it exercises
functions ;
" levy order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 4(1) of
this Act ; and
"
" the Minister means the Secretary of State.
( 3) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect
with respect to industrial training boards.
( 4 ) Before the Commission submits to the Minister proposals for
the making of an industrial training order the Commission shall
consult any organisation or association of organisations appearing
Part II Y2
1412 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
Functions of
industrial
training board .
to it to be representative of substantial numbers of employers engag-
ing in the activities concerned and any organisation or association
of organisations appearing to it to be representative of substantial
numbers of persons employed in those activities ; and if those
activities are carried on to a substantial extent by abody established
for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any
industry or part of an industry or undertaking, shall also consult
that body.
( 5 ) An industrial training order may provide for any incidental
or supplementary matter for which it appears to the Minister to be
necessary or expedient to provide.
( 6 ) The power to make an industrial training order shall be exercis-
able by statutory instrument , which shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
2.- (1) For the purpose of encouraging adequate training of
persons employed or intending to be employed in the industry an
industrial training board-
(a ) may provide or secure the provision of such courses and
other facilities ( which may include residential accommoda-
tion) for the training of those persons as the board considers
adequate, having regard to any courses or facilities otherwise
available to those persons ;
( b) may approve such courses and facilities provided by other
persons ;
( c ) may from time to time consider such employments in the
industry as appear to require consideration and publish
recommendations with regard to the nature and length of
the training for any such employment and the further
education to be associated with the training, the persons by
and to whom the training ought to be given, the standards
to be attained as a result of the training and the methods
of ascertaining whether those standards have been attained ;
( d ) may apply or make arrangements for the application of
selection tests and of tests or other methods for ascertaining
the attainment of any standards recommended by the board
and may award certificates of the attainment of those
standards ;
( e ) may assist persons in finding facilities for being trained for
employment in the industry ;
( g) may carry on or assist other persons in carrying on research
into any matter relating to training for employment in the
industry;
( h ) may provide advice about training connected with the
industry .
( 2 ) An industrial training board may enter into contracts of
service or apprenticeship with persons who intend to be employed
in the industry and to attend courses or avail themselves of other
facilities provided or approved by the board.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c.50
1413
( 3) An industrial training board may-
( a ) at the request of another industrial training board provide
advice for the other board and courses and other facilities
for the training of persons employed or intending to be
employed in the industry for which that other board is
established;
( b) at the request of the Commission provide such other advice,
and such other courses and facilities for training, as are
mentioned in the request ;
( c ) at the request of an employer in the industry provide for
him advice about training connected with activities carried
on in Northern Ireland or outside the United Kingdom
which, if they were carried on in Great Britain, would be
included in the industry ;
( d ) enter into agreements with persons for the making by them
of payments to the board in respect of the exercise by the
board of any of its functions ;
( e ) take part in any arrangements made in pursuance of section
2(1 ) or (2), 3(4 ) or 8 of the Employment and Training
Act 1973 (which relate to arrangements for persons to
select, train for and obtain suitable employments and to
obtain suitable employees) ;
but any expense incurred by the board in pursuance of paragraph (c )
of this subsection shall not be defrayed out of sums received by the
board by way of levy.
( 4 ) An industrial training board may-
( a ) pay maintenance and travelling allowances to persons attend-
ing courses provided or approved by the board ;
(b ) make grants or loans to persons providing courses or other
facilities approved by the board, to persons who make
studies for the purpose of providing such courses or facilities
and to persons who maintain arrangements to provide such
courses or facilities which are not for the time being in use ;
( c ) pay fees to persons providing further education in respect of
persons who receive it in association with their training in
courses provided or approved by the board ;
( d ) make payments to persons in connection with arrangements
under which they or employees of theirs make use of
courses or other facilities provided or approved by the
board .
( 5 ) An industrial training board shall exercise its functions under
this section in accordance with proposals submitted to the Commis-
sion and approved by the Commission under section 7 of this Act.
( 6 ) An industrial training board shall give to the Commission such
information or facilities for obtaining information with regard to the
exercise of its functions, in such manner and at such times as the
Commission may reasonably require.
Part II Y3
SCH. 2
1414 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
Establishment
ofcommittees ,
Levies .
3.- (1) An industrial training board may-
( a ) appoint committees ( which need not include members of the
board );
( b ) join with one or more other industrial training boards in
appointing joint committees consisting of such persons
( whether or not members of an industrial training board )
as may be determined by the boards ;
and delegate to any such committee, to such extent as may be
stated in proposals submitted to and approved by the Commission
under section 7 of this Act , all or any of the functions conferred on
the board by section 2 or 4B( 4) of this Act.
(2 ) An industrial training board may pay or, as the case may be,
join in paying, to the members of such a committee such travelling,
subsistence and other allowances (including allowances for loss of
remunerative time) as the Minister may determine with the approval
ofthe Minister for the Civil Service and to the chairman of any such
committee to which functions mentioned in the preceding subsection
are delegated ( hereafter in this section referred to as a " relevant
committee ") such remuneration as the Minister may so determine.
( 2A ) An industrial training board may make, or as the case may
be join in making, such arrangements as the Minister may specify
with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service-
( a ) for the payment of pensions, superannuation allowances and
gratuities to or in respect of the chairmen of relevant
committees ;
( b ) for the payment of compensation to a person who ceases
to be a chairman of a relevant committee otherwise than on
the expiry of his term of office where it appears to the
Minister that there are special circumstances which make it
right for him to receive compensation.
( 3 ) Subject to any directions of the board or boards which
appointed it, a committee appointed under this section may regulate
its own procedure and fix a quorum for its proceedings .
4.- (1) For the purpose of encouraging adequate training in the
industry an industrial training board may, in accordance with an
order made by the Minister (hereafter in this Act referred to as " a
levy order ") , impose a levy on employers in the industry except so
far as they are exempted from the levy by the industrial training
order, the levy order or an exemption certificate.
( 2) A levy order shall give effect to proposals in respect of a levy
which have been submitted to and approved by the Commission
under section 7 of this Act, and such proposals may provide for
the amendment of a previous levy order and may make different
provision in relation to different classes or descriptions of employer.
( 2A ) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as requiring the
Minister to make a levy order in a case in which he considers it
inexpedient to make one ; and the Minister shall not make a levy
order in pursuance of any proposals under the said section 7 unless-
( a ) he is satisfied that proposals published by the relevant
board in pursuance of section 4A of this Act provide for
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1415
exemption certificates relating to the levy (other than
levy payable by virtue of subsection (1B) of the said
section 7 ) in such cases as he considers appropriate ;
( b ) such of the proposals under the said section 7 as were made
in pursuance of subsection (1A )( a ) of that section and are
approved by the Commission provide for the exemption
from the levy of employers who, in view of the small
number of their employees, ought in his opinion to be
exempted from it ;
( c ) he is satisfied that such of the proposals under the said
section 7 as were made in pursuance of subsection (1B) of
that section are necessary as mentioned in paragraph (a )
of that subsection and are shown, by evidence furnished by
the board which made the proposals, to be considered
necessary as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection ;
and
( d ) the amount which, disregarding any exemptions, he estimates
would if the order were made be payable by virtue of it by
any employer in the industry either-
( i ) does not exceed an amount which the Minister
estimates is equal to one per cent. of the aggregate of the
emoluments and payments intended to be disbursed as
emoluments which are paid and payable, by that employer
to or in respect of persons employed in the industry,
in respect of the period specified in the proposals as the
period which is relevant for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph, or
(ii ) does exceed the amount mentioned in the preceding
sub-paragraph but is considered by him to be appropriate
in the circumstances ;
and a levy order made in a case falling within paragraph (d )( ii) of
this subsection shall state that it is made in such a case.
( 3) A levy order may provide for payments by way of levy to
accrue due from day to day over a period specified in the order
and may contain provisions as to the evidence by which a person's
liability to the levy or his discharge of that liability may be established
and as to the time at which any amount payable by any person
by way of the levy shall ( whether or not any period over which
that amount accrues due has expired ) become due and recoverable
by the industrial training board, and shall give any person assessed
to the levy a right of appeal to an appeal tribunal constituted under
this Act.
( 4 ) The power to make a levy order shall be exercisable by
statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursu-
ance of a resolution of either House of Parliament unless the
instrument contains only an order which includes a statement that
it is made in a case falling within subsection (2A ) (d )(ii) of this
section, and no levy order which includes such a statement shall be
made unless a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution
of each House of Parliament.
Part II Y4
SCH. 2
1416 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
Proposals for
exemptionby
certificate from
certain levies .
4A .- (1) An industrial training board may from time to time, and
shall whenever directed to do so by the Commission, submit to the
Commission for the Commission's approval proposals for the issue
"
of certificates ( in this Act referred to as exemption certificates ")
which, while the certificates are in force, are to exempt from relevant
levy employers in the industry who-
( a ) make arrangements for the training, or the training and
further education associated with training, of persons
needed to carry on the activities which are or are expected
to be carried on at establishments of the employers ; and
(b) satisfy the board, by reference to criteria specified in the
proposals, that the arrangements are adequate for those
establishments ;
and in this subsection " relevant levy " means levy which, apart from
any exemption certificate, is payable to the board in question by
virtue of this Act in respect of persons employed at establishments
for which such arrangements are made, other than levy which the
levy order authorising it provides is to be payable notwithstanding
any exemption certificate.
( 2 ) Where a board by which proposals are submitted to the Com-
mission in pursuance of the preceding subsection is informed by
the Commission that the Commission and the Minister approve the
proposals, it shall be the duty of the board to arrange for the pro-
posals to be published as soon as practicable in a manner approved
by the Commission.
( 3) Proposals made by a board in pursuance of subsection ( 1 ) of
this section
( a ) must include proposals as to the arrangements for the recon-
sideration of decisions in pursuance of subsection ( 4) of
the following section ; and
( b) may include proposals for altering or cancelling any previous
proposals made by the board in pursuance of subsection
( 1 ) of this section ;
but proposals made by virtue of paragraph ( b) of this subsection
shall not affect the operation of any exemption cerificates issued in
pursuance of previous proposals.
( 4 ) Subsections (2) to (6) of section 7 of this Act shall have effect
in relation to a direction under subsection ( 1) of this section and
proposals mentioned in that subsection as they have effect in relation
to a direction under section 7(1) of this Act and proposals mentioned
in the said section 7(1) .
Certificates of
4B.- (1) Where an industrial training board is satisfied, on an
exemptionfrom application made in writing to the board by an employer liable apart
levy . from this section to pay to the board any levy from which exemption
may be conferred on him by an exemption certificate, that the
arrangements made by him for the training, or the training and
further education associated with training, of persons needed to
carry on the activities which are or are expected to be carried on at
a particular establishment of his are such that, in accordance with
Employment and Training Act 1973 c.50
1417
proposals published by the board in pursuance of the preceding
section , an exemption certificate falls to be issued to him in respect
of the establishment, it shall be the duty of the board to issue such
a certificate to him ; and the holder of an exemption certificate shall,
while the certificate is in force, be exempt from levy payable to the
board by virtue of this Act in respect of persons employed at the
establishment to which the certificate relates, other than levy which
the levy order authorising it provides is to be payable notwithstanding
any exemption certificate.
( 2) An exemption certificate-
( a ) may require the holder of the certificate to comply with such
conditions relating to the training, or the training and educa-
tion, of persons needed to carry on the activities which
are or are expected to be carried on at the establishments
to which the certificate relates (including in particular
conditions as to the inspection on behalf of the relevant
board of the arrangements for the training or the training
and education ) as are specified in the certificate and are
in accordance with the proposals mentioned in the pre-
ceding subsection ;
(b ) shall specify the date on which the certificate is to come into
force ;
( c ) shall specify the period ( not exceeding three years begining
with that date ) at the expiration of which it shall cease
to be in force unless it has previously ceased to be in
force by virtue of the following subsection ;
( d ) may provide that the certificate shall be deemed to have
been in force for such period before the date on which
it comes into force as is specified in the certificate ( which
shall not begin before the period of one year ending with
the date on which the said board received the application
in pursuance of which it issues the certificate) ;
and any levy paid to the said board by a person for a period in
respect of which by virtue of paragraph ( d ) of this subsection it
becomes not payable shall be repayable by the board to that person .
(3) An exemption certificate issued by a board shall cease to be
in force if the board gives notice in writing to the holder of the
certificate stating that in the opinion of the board he has failed to
comply with conditions specified in the certificate and mentioned in
the notice ; but for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this
subsection a notice given in pursuance of this subsection shall be
disregarded if the board subsequently informs the person to whom
it was given that the notice is withdrawn.
( 4 ) If a person who is liable apart from any exemption certificate
to pay to a board levy from which exemption may be conferred by an
exemption certificate is dissatisfied with the decision of the board-
(a ) to refuse to issue to him an exemption certificate relating to
such levy in respect of a particular establishment ; or
SCH. 2
1418 Grants and
loans, etc.
c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
( b) to refuse to include in an exemption certificate issued to
him provisions or different provisions authorised by sub-
section ( 2) (b) or ( d ) of this section ; or
( c ) to include in an exemption certificate provisions requiring
him to comply with conditions ; or
( d ) to give a notice to him in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of
this section,
and requests the board in writing to reconsider the decision, it shall
be the duty of the board to reconsider it or to secure that it is
reconsidered by a committee authorised to deal with such requests
by virtue of section 3( 1) of this Act ; and if on reconsidering the
decision the board or committee decides not to alter it , or not to
alter it in a manner which the person who made the request considers
is satisfactory, that person may refer the decision to a body
established in pursuance of the following subsection.
( 5 ) It shall be the duty of the Minister to make regulations
establishing a body to which decisions are to be referred in pursuance
of the preceding subsection ; and regulations made by virtue of this
subsection may include provisions as to the powers and procedure
of the body and such other provisions (including provisions for
defraying the body's expenses out of moneys provided by Parliament
or otherwise ) as the Minister considers appropriate for the purpose
of facilitating the exercise by the body of its functions and may,
without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of
this subsection-
(a ) require a board to draw the attention of a person to his
right to refer a decision to the body ;
(b) authorise the body to direct a board of which a decision
is referred to the body to alter the decision in a manner
specified in the direction ; and
( c) require the board to comply with the direction and provide
for any case in which it fails to do so.
(6 ) Regulations under subsection ( 5 ) of this section shall be made
by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 7 ) No appeal shall lie to a tribunal established in pursuance of
section 12 of this Act in respect of such a decision as is mentioned
in subsection ( 4 ) of this section.
5.- (1 ) The Commission may with the approval of the Minister
make grants and loans to an industrial training board.
(1A ) The Commission may give to an industrial training board
such directions as the Commission thinks fit for the purpose of
securing-
( a ) that the board's expenditure for a purpose specified in the
directions does not exceed an amount so specified ; and
( b) that the whole or part of any grant or loan made to the
board in pursuance of the preceding subsection is used only
for the purposes specified in the directions ;
and it shall be the duty of the board to comply with the directions.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c. 50
1419
( 2 ) An industrial training board may, with the consent of the
SCH. 2
Commission or in accordance with the terms of any authority given
by the Commission, borrow temporarily from any other person by
way of overdraft or otherwise such sums as it may require.
( 4 ) An industrial training board may give security for any money
borrowed by it.
( 5 ) An industrial training board shall not invest any money other-
wise than in such manner as the Commission may approve.
6.- (2 ) An industrial training board may require employers in the Power to
industry to furnish such returns and other information of a kind obtain
information
approvedby the Minister and to keep such records ofa kind approved from employers.
by him and produce them for examination on behalf of the board
as appear to the board to be necessary for carrying out its functions.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) of this section, returns and other
information furnished in pursuance of the preceding provisions of
this section and any information obtained on an examination made
in pursuance thereof shall not, without the consent of the employer
to whose business the returns or information relate, be disclosed
otherwise than to the Minister or one of his officers, or to an indus-
trial training board or a committee appointed by such a board, or
an officer of such a board or committee or any person entitled to
take part in the proceedings of such a board or to the Commission,
the Employment Service Agency, the Training Services Agency or an
officer of the Commission or either Agency.
( 4 ) Subsection (3) of this section shall not apply-
( a ) to the disclosure of returns or information in the form of
a summary of similar returns or information furnished by
or obtained from a number of employers, if the summary
is so framed as not to enable particulars relating to any
individual business to be ascertained from it ;
( b) to any disclosure of information made for the purposes of
any legal proceedings pursuant to this Act or any criminal
proceedings, whether pursuant to this Act or not, or for the
purposes of any report of any such proceedings.
( 5 ) A certificate purporting to be issued by or on behalf of the
Minister and stating that he has approved any kind of information,
return or record for the purposes of subsection ( 2) of this section
shall in any legal proceedings be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient
evidence, of the facts stated in the certificate.
( 6 ) If any person fails to comply with any requirement made under
subsection (2) of this section he shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or on a
second or subsequent conviction two hundred pounds.
1420 c. 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
( 7 ) If any person-
( a ) knowingly or recklessly furnishes, in pursuance of any
requirement made under subsection (2) of this section,
any return or other information which is false in a material
particular ; or
(b ) wilfully makes a false entry in any record required to be pro-
duced under that subsection or, with intent to deceive, makes
use of any such entry which he knows to be false ; or
( c ) discloses any information in contravention of subsection (3)
of this section ;
he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred
pounds or to both, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
( 8) Where an offence under this section committed by a body cor-
porate is proved to have been committed with the consent or con-
nivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any
director, manager, secretary, or other similar officer of the body cor-
porate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity,
he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence
and be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
Provisions
6A.- ( 1 ) The Commission may, with the approval of the Minister,
supplementary direct an industrial training board to exercise the power to require
to s . 6. the furnishing of information which is conferred on the board by
subsection (2) of the preceding section ( hereafter in this section
referred to as " the relevant power ") so as to require employers in the
industry to furnish to the board, in such form and on such occasions
as are specified in the direction, such information as the Commission
considers that the Commission needs for the purposes of its functions
and as is so specified ; and it shall be the duty of the board to comply
with the direction .
( 2 ) An industrial training board shall not exercise the relevant
power except-
(a ) in pursuance of a direction given by virtue of the preceding
subsection ; or
(b ) with the approval of the Minister and in accordance with
the conditions, if any, of the approval ;
and any application by a board for approval in pursuance of para-
graph ( b) of this subsection must be made to the Commission and
contain such information as the Commission may require with
respect to the proposed exercise of the relevant power.
(3) Where the Commission receives such an application from a
board the Commission-
( a ) may request the board to withdraw or alter the application ;
and
(b ) shall, if it does not so request or the board declines to
comply with the request or complies with a request to alter
the application, transmit the application to the Minister ;
and it shall be the duty of the Commission on transmitting the appli-
cation to the Minister to inform him whether in its opinion he should
reject the application or approve it with specified conditions or
without conditions.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1421
( 4 ) An approval of an application given by the Minister in
pursuance of subsection ( 2)(b) of this section may be given subject
to conditions that the board in question may exercise the relevant
power only for the purpose of requiring the furnishing of informa-
tion in such forms and on such occasions as are specified in the
instrument of approval.
SCH. 2
7.- (1 ) An industrial training board shall from time to time, and Proposals for
whenever directed to do so by the Commission, submit to the Com- exercise of
board's
mission for the Commission's approval proposals for the exercise of functions and
functions conferred on the board by section 2 of this Act and may for levies.
from time to time, and shall whenever directed by the Commission
to do so, submit as aforesaid-
( a ) proposals for the delegation of all or any of those functions
to committees established under section 3 of this Act ; and
(b ) proposals for the raising and collection of a levy.
(1A ) Any proposals by a board in pursuance of paragraph (b)
of the preceding subsection must include-
( a ) proposals for exempting from the levy any employer who, in
view of the small number of his employees, ought in the
opinion of the board to be exempted from it ; and
(b ) such information or further information as the Commission
directs the board to furnish, and any additional informa-
tion which the board considers appropriate, for the pur-
pose of assisting the Minister to decide whether a levy
order made in pursuance of the proposals would fall
within sub-paragraph ( i) or sub-paragraph (ii ) of section
4(2A )(d ) of this Act ;
and proposals in pursuance of paragraph (a ) of this subsection may
be made in respect of different numbers of employees for different
employers or classes of employers and may provide for numbers of
employees or for employers or classes of employers to be determined
by reference to such factors as are specified in the proposals.
(1B) Any proposals made by a board in pursuance of paragraph
( b ) of subsection (1) of this section may include proposals for secur-
ing that exemption certificates issued by the board shall not exempt
from the whole or a portion of the levy the employers or some of
the employers in the industry, and different proposals may be made
in pursuance of this subsection as respects different categories of
employers and different portions of the levy ; but the Commission
shall not approve proposals made in pursuance of this subsection
unless-
( a ) it is of the opinion that the proposals are necessary to
encourage adequate training in the industry ; and
(b ) it is satisfied, by evidence furnished to it by the board,
that-
(i) organisations appearing to it to represent more than
half of the persons whom it considers are likely to be
liable to make payments by way of levy in conse-
quence of the proposals, and
1422 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH . 2 ( ii) organisations appearing to it to represent persons
whom it considers are together likely to be liable to
make payments by way of levy in consequence of the
proposals which amount to more than half the aggregate
amount of those payments,
consider, after taking reasonable steps to ascertain the views of the
proposals taken by the persons aforesaid who are represented by
the organisations, that the proposals are necessary as mentioned
in paragraph (a ) of this subsection.
(1C ) It shall be the duty of the Commission to submit to the
Minister any proposals which are made to the Commission in pur-
suance of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section and
approved by the Commission.
( 2) Where an industrial training board-
( a ) has failed to comply within a reasonable time with a direc-
tion of the Commission under subsection (1) of this section
to submit to it such proposals as are mentioned in para-
graph ( a ) or paragraph ( b) thereof ; or
(b) has submitted to the Commission such proposals which
appear to the Commission unsatisfactory ;
the Commission may direct the board to submit such proposals or,
as the case may be, fresh proposals, within a specified time, and if
the Commission directs the board to submit fresh proposals the Com-
mission shall specify in the direction in what respects the proposals
already submitted appear to the Commission unsatisfactory ;
and if the board fails to comply with the direction or it appears
to the Minister, after he has considered a report made to him
by the Commission on the proposals submitted in pursuance
of the direction, that the proposals are unsatisfactory he may make
an order declaring the board to be in default.
( 3) On the making of an order under subsection ( 2 ) of this
section the members of the industrial training board shall forthwith
vacate their office and the order may contain such provisions as seem
to the Minister expedient for authorising any person to act in the
place of the members of the board during such period, not exceeding
six months, as may elapse before new members are appointed.
( 4 ) While an order under subsection ( 2) of this section is in
force with respect to an industrial training board paragraph 3
of the Schedule to this Act and any provision of the industrial
training order made by virtue of paragraph 7 ( a) of that Schedule
shall not apply in relation to it , and accordingly ( without prejudice
to any provision made under subsection ( 5 ) of this section ) paragraph
5 of that Schedule shall not apply.
( 5 ) An order under subsection ( 2 ) of this section may contain
such incidental or supplementary provisions as appear to the Minister
to be necessary or expedient , and may be varied or revoked by a
subsequent order.
( 6 ) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament
defray the expenses of any person acting in the place of the members
of an industrial training board in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of
this section and recover from the board any expenses so defrayed.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1423
9 .- ( 1 ) The Minister may on the recommendation of the Com-
SCH. 2
mission by order-
Amendment
( a ) amend an industrial training order ; or
or revocation
of industrial
( b ) revoke such an order.
training order.
( 2 ) Before recommending the making of an order under subsection
( 1) (a ) of this section the Commission shall consult the industrial
training board and such organisations or associations appearing to
the Commission to be representative-
( a ) of employers engaged in activities to be included in or
excluded from the relevant industrial training order by
virtue of the amendments in question ; and
(b) of employees engaged in those activities ;
and before recommending the making of an order under subsection
( 1) ( b ) of this section the Commission shall consult the industrial
training board and such organisations, associations or bodies as
would, by virtue of section 1( 4 ) of this Act, be required to be con-
sulted before the making of an industrial training order for the
industry.
( 3) An order under subsection ( 1)(b) of this section shall provide
for the winding up of the industrial training board and may provide
for the imposition of a levy on employers in the industry (whether
or not they are holders of exemption certificates), other than such ( if
any) as may be exempted by the order, for the purpose of raising the
whole or part of any amount by which the assets of the industrial
training board may be insufficient to meet its liabilities and the ex-
penses of the winding up, and for the application for specified
purposes of any amount by which those assets may exceed those
liabilities and expenses.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) of section 4 of this Act shall apply to an order
under subsection (1) (b) of this section making provision for the
imposition of a levy as it applies to an order under that section .
( 5) An order under subsection (1) of this section may provide for
any incidental, transitional or consequential matter for which it
appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient to provide.
( 6 ) The power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument and includes power to amend
or revoke such an order by a subsequent order ; and any statutory
instrument made under this section shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
9A.-( 1) If an employer in the industry of an industrial training Transfer of
board requests the Commission in writing to secure that the activities establishments'
activities from
carried on at a particular establishment of his shall, instead of being industry of one
included for the purposes of this Act in that industry, be included board to that
for those purposes in the industry of another industrial training of another.
board, the Commission may if it thinks fit, after consulting both the
boards in question about the request, submit it to the Minister with
arecommendation that he should give effect to the request.
1424 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
Appeal tribunals.
Power of
industrial
training board
with respect to
training for
employment
overseas .
( 2) Where the Minister receives a recommendation in pursuance
ofthe preceding subsection in respect of a request he may if he thinks
fit make an order giving effect to the request; and the power con-
ferred by this subsection to make an order relating to an establish-
ment shall-
( a ) be exercisable by statutory instrument ; and
( b) include power to revoke or vary any previous order made in
the exercise of that power in respect of the establishment.
( 3) An industrial training order or an order under the preceding
section may revoke an order under the preceding subsection .
12.- (1 ) The Minister shall by regulations provide for the estab-
lishment of a tribunal or tribunals to determine appeals by persons
assessed to any levy imposed under this Act .
( 2 ) If , on an appeal, the appellant satisfies such a tribunal that he
ought not to have been assessed to the levy or ought to have been
assessed in a smaller amount, the tribunal shall rescind or, as the
case may be, reduce the assessment, but ( subject to subsection ( 2A )
ofthis section ) in any other case shall confirm it.
( 2A ) If , on an appeal, it appears to such a tribunal that the
appellant ought to have been assessed to the levy in a larger amount,
the tribunal may increase the assessment accordingly.
( 2B) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament
pay such remuneration as he may determine with the consent of the
Minister for the Civil Service to the President of the Industrial
Tribunals (England and Wales), the President of the Industrial
Tribunals (Scotland) and any person who is a member on a full-time
basis of a panel of chairmen of tribunals which is appointed in
accordance with regulations under this section.
( 3) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament
pay to members of tribunals established in accordance with regula-
tions under this section and to any assessors appointed for the
purposes of proceedings before such tribunals such fees and allow-
ances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine and
may out of moneys so provided pay to any other persons such
allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine
for the purposes of , or in connection with, their attendance at such
tribunals.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
14.- (1) An industrial training board may, with the consent of
the Commission given with the approval of the Minister, exercise
such functions in connection with training for employment outside
Great Britain of persons temporarily in Great Britain as are
exercisable by it under subsections (1) and ( 4 ) of section 2 of this
Act in connection with the training of persons employed or intending
to be employed in the industry for which the board is established ;
and the board may enter into agreements for the making of payments
to the board in respect of the exercise in pursuance of this subsection
of functions by the board.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1425
PART III
SCH. 2
SPECIAL MODIFICATIONS RELATING TO THE AGRICULTURAL
TRAINING BOARD
1. The following provisions of the Act shall cease to have effect,
namely-
( a ) in section 1, subsections (1) and ( 4 ) to ( 6) ;
( b) section 2(5) and (6) ;
( c ) in section 3(1) the words from " , in accordance " to " 7 of
this Act," and from ", to such extent " to " the proposals," ;
( d ) sections 4, 5( 2) to ( 4), 6 and 7 ;
(e ) in section 9, in subsection ( 3) the words from " and may "
onwards, and subsection ( 4 ) ;
( f ) sections 11 to 13, 14 ( 3) and 17 ; and
( g) in the Schedule, paragraphs 5, 6( 2) and 12.
2. In section 1( 2 ) of the Act after the word "Act " there shall
be inserted the words-
"
agriculture " has the same meaning as in the Agriculture Act 1947 c. 48.
1947 or the Agriculture (Scotland ) Act 1948 ; 1948 с. 45.
"
employee " includes a person engaged under a contract for
services, and " employer " shall be construed accordingly :
" employment " means employment under a contract of service
or apprenticeship or a contract for services or otherwise
than under a contract, and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly ;
and for the definition " the Minister " there shall be substituted the
words-
" the Minister " means the Ministers concerned with agriculture
in England, Scotland and Wales acting jointly.
3.- (1) In section 2(1) of the Act for paragraph ( f ) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
( f ) may take part in any arrangements made in pursuance
of section 2(1 ) or (2), 3( 4) or 8 of the Employment
and Training Act 1973 (which relate to arrangements
for persons to select, train for and obtain suitable
employments and to obtain suitable employees) ;
and after paragraph ( g) there shall be inserted the following
paragraphs-
( h ) may provide advice about training connected with the
industry ;
(i ) may enter into agreements with persons for the making
by them of payments to the board in respect of the
exercise by the board of any of its functions.
( 2 ) In section 2( 3) of the Act after the word " provide " there
shall be inserted the words" advice for the other board and ".
1426 c.50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 ( 3) At the end of section 2( 4) of the Act there shall be inserted
the following paragraph-
( d ) make payments to persons in connection with arrange-
ments under which they or employees of theirs make use
of courses or other facilities provided or approved by the
board.
4. After section 2 of the Act there shall be inserted the following
sections-
Control of 2A.- (1 ) The Minister may give to the Agricultural
Agricultural Training Board such directions as he thinks fit with
Training
Boardby respect to the performance by the Board of its functions ;
the Minister. and it shall be the duty of the Board, notwithstanding
anything in any other provision of this Act, to comply
with the directions.
( 2 ) Any such directions may require the said Board to
exercise on behalf of the Minister functions exercisable
by the Minister, whether by virtue of an enactment or
otherwise, which are connected with the provision of
training or advice for persons employed or intending to
be employed in agriculture or in agriculture or horticul-
ture business within the meaning of section 64 of the
1967 с. 22.
Agriculture Act 1967 (excluding a function of making
regulations or any other instrument having the force of
law ) .
Disclosure of
2B. The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
information and the Secretary of State may, for the purpose of
toAgri-
cultural
assisting the Agricultural Training Board in planning and
Training
carrying out activities (including research) connected with
Board.
the functions conferred on it by section 2 (1) (a ) of this
Act, disclose to the Board any information about-
( a ) the kind of crops grown on any land and the
areas of land on which crops of any kind are
grown ; and
( b) the number and description of persons employed
on any land and employed on disposing of
the produce of any land ; and
( c ) the kinds of machinery used on any land,
which has been furnished to him in pursuance of sec-
1947 с. 48.
tion 78 of the Agriculture Act 1947.
5.- (1) In section 3(1) of the Act after the words " section 2 "
there shall be inserted the words or by virtue of section 2A ".
( 2 ) In section 3( 2 ) of the Act for the words from " allowances "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " allowances (including
allowances for loss of remunerative time) as the Minister may
determine with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
and to the chairman of any such committee to which functions
mentioned in the preceding subsection are delegated ( hereafter in
this section referred to as a " relevant committee " ) such remunera-
tion as the Minister may so determine " .
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1427
( 3) After subsection ( 2 ) of section 3 of the Act there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
( 2A ) An industrial training board may make such arrange-
ments as the Minister may specify with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service-
( a ) for the payment of pensions, superannuation allow-
ances and gratuities to or in respect of the chairmen
of relevant committees ;
( b ) for the payment of compensation to a person who
ceases to be a chairman of a relevant committee
otherwise than on the expiry of his term of office
where it appears to the Minister that there are special
circumstances which make it right for him to receive
compensation.
6. In section 5(1) of the Act for the word " Minister " there shall
be substituted the words " Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food".
7.- (1 ) At the end of section 9(1) of the Act there shall be inserted
the words " and an order under paragraph ( a ) of this subsection may,
besides including or without including provisions with respect to
any activities of industry or commerce, include provisions
with respect to activities relating to agriculture which are not carried
on in the course of industry or commerce " .
( 2 ) In section 9( 2) of the Act for the words " subsection ( 1 ) "
there shall be substituted the words " subsection (1)(a ) ", and for
the words from " consult " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " consult the Agricultural Training Board and any organisa-
tions or associations appearing to him to be representative-
( a ) of employers engaged in activities to be included in or
excluded from the relevant industrial training order by
virtue of the amendments in question ; and
( b ) of employees engaged in those activities ;
and before making an order under subsection (1)( b) of this section
the Minister shall consult the said Board and any organisation or
association of organisations appearing to him to be representative-
(i ) of substantial numbers of employers engaging in the activities
with which the said Board is concerned ; and
(ii ) of substantial numbers of persons employed in the activities
mentioned in paragraph (i ) above " .
8. In section 14(1) of the Act for the words from the beginning to
"carried on "
there shall be substituted the words " An industrial
training board may, with the consent of the Minister, exercise
such functions in connection with training for employment ".
9. In the Schedule to the Act-
( a ) at the end of paragraph 4 there shall be inserted
the words " and may make such arrangements for the
payment of pensions, superannuation allowances and
gratuities to or in respect of its chairman as the Minister
may specify with the like approval " ;
SCH. 2
1426 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2 ( 3) At the end of section 2( 4) of the Act there shall be inserted
the following paragraph-
( d ) make payments to persons in connection with arrange-
ments under which they or employees of theirs make use
of courses or other facilities provided or approved by the
board.
4. After section 2 of the Act there shall be inserted the following
sections- Control of 2A.- (1 ) The Minister may give to the Agricultural
Agricultural Training Board such directions as he thinks fit with
Training Board by respect to the performance by the Board of its functions ;
the Minister. and it shall be the duty of the Board, notwithstanding
anything in any other provision of this Act, to comply
with the directions.
( 2 ) Any such directions may require the said Board to
exercise on behalf of the Minister functions exercisable
by the Minister, whether by virtue of an enactment or
otherwise, which are connected with the provision of
training or advice for persons employed or intending to
be employed in agriculture or in agriculture or horticul-
ture business within the meaning of section 64 of the
1967 с. 22.
Agriculture Act 1967 (excluding a function of making
regulations or any other instrument having the force of
law ).
Disclosure of 2B. The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
information and the Secretary of State may, for the purpose of
toAgri- cultural
assisting the Agricultural Training Board in planning and
Training
carrying out activities (including research) connected with
Board.
the functions conferred on it by section 2 (1) ( a ) of this
Act, disclose to the Board any information about-
( a ) the kind of crops grown on any land and the
areas of land on which crops of any kind are
grown ; and
( b) the number and description of persons employed
on any land and employed on disposing of
the produce of any land ; and
( c ) the kinds of machinery used on any land,
which has been furnished to him in pursuance of sec-
1947 с. 48.
tion 78 of the Agriculture Act 1947.
5.- (1) In section 3(1) of the Act after the words " section 2 "
there shall be inserted the words or by virtue of section 2A "."
( 2 ) In section 3(2) of the Act for the words from " allowances "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " allowances (including
allowances for loss of remunerative time ) as the Minister may
determine with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
and to the chairman of any such committee to which functions
mentioned in the preceding subsection are delegated ( hereafter in
this section referred to as a " relevant committee ") such remunera-
tion as the Minister may so determine " .
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
1427
( 3) After subsection ( 2 ) of section 3 of the Act there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
( 2A ) An industrial training board may make such arrange-
ments as the Minister may specify with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service-
( a ) for the payment of pensions, superannuation allow-
ances and gratuities to or in respect of the chairmen
of relevant committees ;
( b) for the payment of compensation to a person who
ceases to be a chairman of a relevant committee
otherwise than on the expiry of his term of office
where it appears to the Minister that there are special
circumstances which make it right for him to receive
compensation.
6. In section 5(1) of the Act for the word " Minister " there shall
be substituted the words " Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food".
7.- (1 ) At the end of section 9(1) of the Act there shall be inserted
the words " and an order under paragraph (a ) of this subsection may,
besides including or without including provisions with respect to
any activities of industry or commerce, include provisions
with respect to activities relating to agriculture which are not carried
on in the course of industry or commerce ".
( 2 ) In section 9( 2) of the Act for the words " subsection ( 1 ) "
there shall be substituted the words " subsection (1)(a ) " , and for
the words from " consult " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " consult the Agricultural Training Board and any organisa-
tions or associations appearing to him to be representative-
( a ) of employers engaged in activities to be included in or
excluded from the relevant industrial training order by
virtue of the amendments in question ; and
( b) of employees engaged in those activities ;
and before making an order under subsection (1)( b) of this section
the Minister shall consult the said Board and any organisation or
association of organisations appearing to him to be representative-
(i ) of substantial numbers of employers engaging in the activities
with which the said Board is concerned ; and
(ii ) of substantial numbers of persons employed in the activities
mentioned in paragraph (i ) above ".
8. In section 14 (1) of the Act for the words from the beginning to
"
carried on there shall be substituted the words " An industrial
training board may, with the consent of the Minister, exercise
such functions in connection with training for employment " .
9. In the Schedule to the Act-
( a ) at the end of paragraph 4 there shall be inserted
the words " and may make such arrangements for the
payment of pensions, superannuation allowances and
gratuities to or in respect of its chairman as the Minister
may specify with the like approval " ;
SCH. 2
1428 SCH. 2 Establishment
ofindustrial
training
boards.
1947 с. 48.
1948 с. 45.
c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
( b) after paragraph 4 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
4A. Where a person ceases to be the chairman of an
industrial training board otherwise than on the expiry
of his term of office and it appears to the Minister that
there are special circumstances which make it right for
him to receive compensation, the board may make him
a payment of such amount as the Minister may deter-
mine with the approval of the Minister for the Civil
Service.;
( c ) in paragraph 6( 1), after the word " specify " there shall be
inserted the words " and the Manpower Services
Commission " ;
(d ) at the end of paragraph 10 there shall be inserted the words
" with the approval of the Minister given with the consent
of the Minister for the Civil Service " ; and
66
( e ) in paragraph 11, for the words as the board may deter-
mine " there shall be substituted the words " (including
allowances for loss of remunerative time ) as the Minister
may determine with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service ".
PART IV
SECTIONS 1 TO 3 , 5 AND 9 OF THE ACT AS AMENDED IN RELATION TO
THE AGRICULTURAL TRAINING BOARD
1.- (2) In this Act-
" agriculture " has the same meaning as in the Agriculture Act
1947 or the Agriculture (Scotland ) Act 1948 ;
" employee " includes a person engaged under a contract for
services, and " employer " shall be construed accordingly ;
" employment " means employment under a contract of service
or apprenticeship or a contract for services or otherwise
than under a contract , and " employed " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" industrial training board " means a board established under
this section ;
" industrial training order " means an order under this section ;
" the industry ", in relation to an industrial training board,
means the activities in relation to which it exercises
functions ; and
" the Minister " means the Ministers concerned with agriculture
in England, Scotland and Wales acting jointly.
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
( 3) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect SCH. 2
with respect to industrial training boards.
2.- (1 ) An industrial training board-
( a ) shall provide or secure the provision of such courses Functions of
and other facilities ( which may include residential accom- industrial
modation) for the training of persons employed orintending training
board.
to be employed in the industry as may be required, having
regard to any courses or facilities otherwise available to
such persons ;
(b ) may approve such courses and facilities provided by other
persons ;
( c ) shall from time to time consider such employments in the
industry as appear to require consideration and publish
recommendations with regard to the nature and length of
the training for any such employment and the further
education to be associated with the training, the persons by
and to whom the training ought to be given, the standards
to be attained as a result of the training and the methods
of ascertaining whether those standards have been attained ;
( d ) may apply or make arrangements for the application of
selection tests and of tests or other methods for ascer-
taining the attainment of any standards recommended by
the board and may award certificates of the attainment
of those standards ;
( e ) may assist persons in finding facilities for being trained for
employment in the industry ;
( f ) may take part in any arrangements made in pursuance of
section 2( 1 ) or (2), 3(4 ) or 8 of the Employment and
Training Act 1973 (which relate to arrangements for per-
sons to select, train for and obtain suitable employments
and to obtain suitable employees) ;
( g ) may carry on or assist other persons in carrying on research
into any matter relating to training for employment in the
industry ;
( h ) may provide advice about training connected with the
industry ;
( i ) may enter into agreements with persons for the making by
them of payments to the board in respect of the exercise
by the board of any of its functions.
( 2 ) An industrial training board may enter into contracts of
service or apprenticeship with persons who intend to be employed
in the industry and to attend courses or avail themselves of other
facilities provided or approved by the board .
( 3) An industrial training board may, at the request of another
industrial training board, provide advice for the other board and
1429
1430 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 2
courses and other facilities for the training of persons employed or
intending to be employed in the industry for which that other
board is established.
( 4 ) An industrial training board may-
( a ) pay maintenance and travelling allowances to persons atten-
ding courses provided or approved by the board ;
( b) make grants or loans to persons providing courses or other
facilities approved by the board ;
( c ) pay fees to persons providing further education in respect of
persons who receive it in association with their training in
courses provided or approved by the board ;
( d ) make payments to persons in connection with arrangements
under which they or employees of theirs make use of
courses or other facilities provided or approved by the
board.
Control of
2A. (1) The Minister may give to the Agricultural Training
Agricultural Training Board
Board such directions as he thinks fit with respect to the performance
by the Minister. by the Board of its functions ; and it shall be the duty of the Board,
notwithstanding anything in any other provision of this Act, to
comply with the directions.
( 2) Any such directions may require the said Board to exercise
on behalf of the Minister functions exercisable by the Minister,
whether by virtue of an enactment or otherwise, which are con-
nected with the provision of training or advice for persons employed
or intending to be employed in agriculture or in agriculture or
1967 с. 22.
horticulture business within the meaning of section 64 of the Agri-
culture Act 1967 (excluding a function of making regulations or any
other instrument having the force of law ).
Disclosure of
2B. The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the
information to
Secretary of State may, for the purpose of assisting the Agricultural
Agricultural
Training Board. Training Board in planning and carrying out activities (including
research) connected with the functions conferred on it by section
2(1)(a ) of this Act, disclose to the Board any information about-
( a ) the kind of crops grown on any land and the areas of land
on which crops of any kind are grown ; and
( b) the number and description of persons employed on any
land and employed on disposing of the produce of any land;
and
( c ) the kinds of machinery used on any land,
which has been furnished to him in pursuance of section 78 of the
1947 с. 48 .
Agriculture Act 1947.
Establishment
of committees.
3.- (1) An industrial training board may-
(a ) appoint committees (which need not include members of
the board) ;
Employment and Training Act 1973 c.50
1431
( b ) join with one or more other industrial training boards in
appointing joint committees consisting of such persons
( whether or not members of an industrial training board) as
may be determined by the boards ;
and delegate to any such committee all or any of the functions
conferred on the board by section 2 or by virtue of section 2A
ofthis Act.
SCH. 2
( 2 ) An industrial training board may pay or, as the case may be,
join in paying, to the members of such a committee such travelling,
subsistence and other allowances (including allowances for loss of
remunerative time) as the Minister may determine with the approval
of the Minister for the Civil Service and to the chairman of any such
committee to which functions mentioned in the preceding subsection
are delegated ( hereafter in this section referred to as a " relevant
committee ") such remuneration as the Minister may so determine.
( 2A ) An industrial training board may make such arrangements
as the Minister may specify with the approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service-
( a ) for the payment of pensions, superannuation allowances
and gratuities to or in respect of the chairmen of relevant
committees ;
(b) for the payment of compensation to a person who ceases
to be a chairman of a relevant committee otherwise than
on the expiry of his term of office where it appears to the
Minister that there are special circumstances which make
it right for him to receive compensation .
( 3 ) Subject to any directions of the board or boards which
appointed it, a committee appointed under this section may regulate
its own procedure and fix a quorum for its proceedings.
5.- (1 ) The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may with Grants and
the approval of the Treasury make grants and loans to an industrial loans, etc.
training board out of moneys provided by Parliament.
( 5 ) An industrial training board shall not invest any money other-
wise than in such manner as the Minister may approve.
9.- (1) The Minister may by order-
( a ) amend an industrial training order ; or
(b) revoke such an order ;
and an order under paragraph ( a ) of this subsection may, besides
including or without including provisions with respect to any
activities of industry or commerce, include provisions with respect to
activities relating to agriculture which are not carried on in the course
of industry or commerce.
Amendment
or revocation
of industrial
training order .
1432 SCH. 2
Section 14 ( 1) .
1935 с. 8.
1944 с. 10.
1948 с. 29.
c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
(2 ) Before making an order under subsection ( 1) (a) of this section
the Minister shall consult the Agricultural Training Board and any
organisations or associations appearing to him to be representative-
( a ) of employers engaged in activities to be included in or
excluded from the relevant industrial training order by
virtue of the amendments in question ; and
( b) of employees engaged in those activities ;
and before making an order under subsection (1) (b) of this section
the Minister shall consult the said Board and any organisation or
association of organisations appearing to him to be representative-
(i) of substantial numbers of employers engaging in
the activities with which the said Board is concerned ;
and
(ii ) of substantial numbers of persons employed in the
activities mentioned in paragraph (i) above.
( 3) An order under subsection (1)(b) of this section shall provide
for the winding up of the industrial training board.
( 5 ) An order under subsection (1) of this section may provide
for any incidental, transitional or consequential matter for which it
appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient to provide.
( 6 ) The power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument and includes power to amend
or revoke such an order by a subsequent order; and any statutory
instrument made under this section shall be subject to annulment
in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
SCHEDULE 3
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS
The Unemployment Insurance Act 1935
1. Section 80 of the Unemployment Insurance Act 1935 (which
provides for payments out of the National Insurance Fund in respect
of the attendance at certain courses of persons entitled to unemploy-
ment benefit) shall cease to have effect.
The Disabled Persons ( Employment ) Act 1944
2. Sections 2 to 5 of the Disabled Persons (Employment) Act 1944
( which relate to vocational training and industrial rehabilitation
courses ) shall cease to have effect, and in section 16 of that Act
( which requires the Secretary of State to give preference to ex-
service men and women in selecting persons for such courses and in
selecting disabled persons as candidates for engagements) the words
" vocational training and industrial rehabilitation courses and " and
the words from " and in selecting " to engagements shall be
omitted.
The National Assistance Act 1948
3. In section 29( 4 )( c ) of the National Assistance Act 1948 ( which
relates to the provision by local authorities of workshops and hostels
for persons for whom work or training is provided in pursuance of
Employment and Training Act 1973 c .50
1433
the Disabled Persons ( Employment) Act 1944 ), after the word
" 1944", there shall be inserted the words " or the Employment and
Training Act 1973 " .
The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957
4. In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualifica-
tion Act 1957 ( which specifies bodies of which all members are
disqualified under that Act ), as it applies to the House of Commons
of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted at
the appropriate place in alphabetical order the words " The
Manpower Services Commission ".
The Public Records Act 1958
5. In Part II of the Table at the end of paragraph 3 of Schedule
1 to the Public Records Act 1958 (which specifies certain establish-
ments of which the records are public records ), there shall be inserted
at the appropriate places in alphabetical order the words " Employ-
ment Service Agency ", " Manpower Services Commission " and
Training Services Agency "."
The Factories Act 1961
6. In section 119A(2) of the Factories Act 1961, for paragraph (a )
( which contains a definition for the purposes of that section of ' the
local careers office '), there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
( a ) ' the local careers office ' means the premises from which,
under arrangements made in pursuance of subsection ( 1 ),
( 4 ) or (5 ) of section 8 of the Employment and Training
Act 1973, the facilities provided in pursuance of the said
subsection (1) are made available in the area ( as determined
in pursuance of the arrangements) in which the factory is
situated ; and.
The National Insurance Act 1965
7.- ( 1) In section 11 ( 4) of the National Insurance Act 1965 (which
among other things enables an employer who usually engages persons
through an employment exchange or an approved agency to arrange
for the exchange or agency to pay contributions under that Act on
his behalf in respect of those persons), for the words from
"an
employment exchange " to " whereby " there shall be substituted the
words " an office of the Employment Service Agency whereby ", and
for the words " the employment exchange or other agency " there
shall be substituted the words " such office of the Secretary of State
as is specified in the arrangement ".
( 2) In section 22( 2) of that Act ( which relates to disqualifications
for receiving unemployment benefit ), after the words 66
an employ-
ment exchange or" in paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the words
" the Employment Service Agency or local education authority or
some and after the words an employment exchange " in para-
graph ( d ) there shall be inserted the words " the Employment Ser-
vice Agency or a local education authority ".
( 3 ) Section 107 of that Act ( which relates to parliamentary
control of regulations under that Act ) and section 108 of that Act
( which requires a draft of regulations under that Act to be submitted
to the National Insurance Advisory Committee) shall not apply to any
SCH. 3
1957 с. 20.
1958 с. 51 .
1961 с. 34.
1965 с. 51 .
1434 c . 50
Employment and Training Act 1973
SCH. 3 1965 с. 52.
1967 с. 13.
1968 с. 71 .
1970 с 44.
such regulations which are contained in a statutory instrument made
within the period of one year beginning with the date of the passing
of this Act if the instrument states that it is made in consequence
of this Act.
The National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965
8 .- (1) Section 25( 2)(c) of the National Insurance ( Industrial
Injuries) Act 1965 (which relates to the attendance at courses
provided under the Disabled Persons (Employment ) Act 1944 of
persons claiming or receiving injury or disablement benefit) shall
cease to have effect.
( 2) Section 72 of that Act (under which arrangements may be
made for securing that persons entitled to disablement benefit may
take full advantage of courses and facilities provided under the said
Act of 1944) shall cease to have effect.
The Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967
9. In Schedule 2 to the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967
( which lists the authorities subject to investigation under that Act ),
there shall be inserted at the appropriate places in alphabetical
order the words " Employment Service Agency " and " Manpower
Services Commission " and " Training Services Agency ".
The Race Relations Act 1968
10.- (1) In the following provisions of the Race Relations Act 1968
( which relate to complaints of such unlawful acts as are mentioned
in section 16 (1) of that Act or to communications privileged in
certain proceedings under that Act ) namely, sections 16(1 ), 17(1)
and 24 and paragraphs 13 and 16 of Schedule 2, after the words
" conciliation committee " there shall be inserted the words " or the
Manpower Services Commission or an Agency " , and those words
shall also be inserted after the words " or body " in section 24 of that
Act and before the word " refer " in paragraph 16 ( a ) of Schedule 2
to thatAct.
( 2) In section 28(1) of that Act (interpretation ), after the definition
of" act " there shall be inserted the words " anAgency ' means the
Employment Service Agency or the Training Services Agency ; " .
The Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act 1970
11.- (1) In subsection (1) of section 13 of the Chronically Sick and
Disabled Persons Act 1970 ( which provides that the Central Youth
Employment Executive shall include at least one person with special
responsibility for the employment of disabled persons ), for the
words " the Central Youth Employment Executive " there shall be
substituted the words " any body constituted in pursuance of section
10 ( 2) (a) of the Employment and Training Act 1973 ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2 ) of that section ( which relates to the member-
ship of any of the bodies constituted under section 8(1) of the
Employment and Training Act 1948) , for the words from " to be
Employment and Training Act 1973 c . 50
members " to " respectively ) " there shall be substituted the words
" in pursuance of section 5( 2) (a) of the Employment and Training
Act 1973 to advise the Secretary of State with respect to the
performance of the functions conferred on him by virtue of section
"
10(1) of that Act ", and the words " the body in question shall
be omitted.
1435
SCH. 3
The Local Employment Act 1972
12. In section 1( 4 ) of the Local Employment Act 1972 (which
provides that orders under that section may describe development
or intermediate areas by reference to employment exchange areas ),
for the words from " to employment " to " 1948" there shall be
substituted the words " to employment office areas, that is to say
areas specified by the Employment Service Agency as areas for each
of which a specified office of the Agency exercises functions " and
for the word " exchange " where it last occurs there shall be
substituted the word " office " .
1972 с. 5.
The Superannuation Act 1972
13. In Schedule 1 to the Superannuation Act 1972 (which lists
certain kinds of employment in respect of which superannuation
schemes may be made under section 1 of that Act ), before the words
66
Monopolies Commission " there shall be inserted the words " Man-
power Services Commission " and after the words " Scottish Land
Court " there shall be inserted the words-
66Employment Service Agency.
Training Services Agency. " .
1972 с. 11 .
The Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
14. In section 1(9) of the Employment Medical Advisory Service
Act 1972 (which relates to persons attending rehabilitation courses
provided under section 3( 1) of the Disabled Persons (Employment)
Act 1944 or under arrangements made under that section ), for the
words from " under section 3(1) " to " that section " there shall be
substituted the words " by virtue of the Employment and Training
Act 1973 " .
1972 с. 28 .
The Industry Act 1972
15. In section 1( 5 ) of the Industry Act 1972 (which provides that
orders under that section may describe special development areas
by reference to employment exchange areas ), for the words from
" to employment " to " 1948 " there shall be substituted the words
" to employment office areas, that is to say areas specified by the
Employment Service Agency as areas for each of which a specified
office of the Agency exercises functions " and for the word
" exchange " where it last occurs there shall be substituted the word
" office ".
1972 с. 63.
1436 c .50
Employment and Training Act 1973
Section 14 ( 2 ).
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Chapter
Shorttitle
Extent of repeal
25&26Geo. 5.
c. 8.
7 & 8 Geo. 6.
c. 10.
The Unemployment In-
surance Act 1935.
The Disabled Persons
( Employment ) Act 1944.
Section 80.
Sections 2 to 5.
In section 16 the words " voca-
tional training and industrial
rehabilitation courses and "
and the words from " and in
selecting " to " engagements".
The whole Act.
11 & 12Geo. 6.
с .46 .
12 , 13 & 14
Geo. 6. c. 37.
The Employment and
Training Act 1948.
The Agriculture (Miscel-
Section 8( 5).
laneous Provisions) Act
1949.
1963 с. 33.
The London Government Section 34.
Act 1963.
1964 с . 16.
The Industrial Training Section 2( 1) (f) .
Act1964. In section 3( 1) the words
from ", in accordance " to
" section 7 of this Act, ".
In section 5, in subsection (1)
the words " out of moneys
provided by Parliament ",
subsection (3), and in sub-
section (4) the words from
" and any " onwards.
In section 6, subsection (1), in
subsection ( 2) the words from
"
" and any to "board" in
the second place where it
occurs, and in subsections ( 6 )
and ( 7)( a) the words " sub-
section (1) or " .
Sections 11 , 13 and 17.
In the Schedule, paragraph 6 ( 2).
1965 с. 51 . The National Insurance Sections 81( 7) and 83(1)( b) (iv ).
Act 1965. In section 114 (1) , the definition
of" employment exchange ".
1965 с. 52. Sections 25( 2)(c ) and 72.
1967 с. 80. The National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act
1965.
The Criminal Justice Act
1967.
1970 с. 40.
1970 с. 44.
1972 с. 5.
1972 с. 28 .
1972 с. 70.
TheAgriculture Act 1970.
The Chronically Sick and
Disabled Persons Act
1970.
The Local Employment
Section 6.
Act 1972.
TheEmployment Medical
Section 5( 2 ).
Advisory Service Act
1972.
The Local Government Section 209.
Act 1972.
In Schedule 3 the entry relating
to the Employment and
Training Act 1948.
Section 104.
In section 13( 2) the words " the
body in question " .
с. 51 1437
SINOH
DIEUET
PENSE
DROIT
MON
Finance Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 51
An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and
to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the
Public Revenue, and to make further provision in
connection with Finance. [ 25th July 1973]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
Wassembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to
defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition
to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to
give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter
mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty
that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most
Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the
Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present
Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as
follows : -
PART I
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE
1.-( 1 ) For the following provisions of the Finance Act 1964 Alteration
setting out rates of customs and excise duties and of drawback, ofrevenue
duties
namely-
1964 с. 49.
( a ) Table 1 in Schedule 1 ( spirits other than imported per-
fumed spirits) as substituted by section 56( 2) of the
Finance Act 1972 ; and
1972 с. 41
( b) Schedules 2 to 5 ( beer, wine, British wine and tobacco )
as substituted by section 1( 2) of the Finance Act 1969 ; 1969 с . 32 .
there shall be substituted the provisions set out in Schedules 1
to 5 to this Act.
1438 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
PART 1
1951 с. 43.
1928 с. 17.
1949 с. 47.
1972 с. 41 .
1971 с. 12.
1952 с. 44.
( 2) In lieu of the duties of customs and excise charged on
matches under section 4 of the Finance Act 1951 there shall be
charged on matches imported into the United Kingdom a duty
of customs, and on matches sent out from the premises of a
manufacturer of matches a duty of excise, at the rates shown in
Schedule 6 to this Act.
( 3) The duties of customs and excise charged on mechanical
lighters by section 6 of the Finance Act 1928 shall, instead of
being charged at the rates specified in section 8 of the Finance
Act 1949 and section 56(3) of the Finance Act 1972, be charged
at the rates shown in Schedule 7 to this Act, but no duty shall be
chargeable under section 6 of the Act of 1928 on a gas lighter,
that is to say a mechanical lighter which is shown to the satis-
faction of the Commissioners to be constructed solely for the
purpose of igniting gas for domestic use .
( 4) The Treasury may by order made before 1st July 1977
make such provision for altering-
( a ) the rates or incidence of the duties of customs charge-
able and reliefs allowable under the Hydrocarbon Oil
( Customs & Excise ) Act 1971 , and
( b) the rates of other duties of customs and of drawbacks,
as may be required to give effect to any Community obligation
or any obligation under the Geneva Protocol of 21st December
1972.
( 5) An order under the preceding subsection-
( a ) may make new distinctions or abolish any distinction
between goods of different origin ;
( b) may amend the Hydrocarbon Oil (Customs & Excise)
Act 1971 and the Customs and Excise Act 1952 and
substitute for any relief under the Act of 1971 such
relief as may be specified in the order ; and
( c) may, instead of specifying an inconvenient rate, specify
the nearest higher or lower rate that appears to the
Treasury to be convenient.
( 6 ) An order under subsection ( 4 ) of this section shall be made
by statutory instrument and may be varied or revoked by a
subsequent order ; and any such order-
( a ) shall, if it does not fall within paragraph (b) below, be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the
House of Commons ; and
(b) shall, if it increases the rate or extends the incidence of
any duty or reduces any relief, be laid before the House
of Commons after being made, and, unless it is approved
by that House before the expiration of twenty -eight days
beginning with the date on which it was made, shall
cease to have effect on the expiration of that period, but
Finance Act 1973 1439
с. 51
without prejudice to anything previously done there-
PART 1
under or to the making of a new order.
In reckoning any such period no account shall be taken of any
time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during
which the House of Commons is adjourned for more than four
days.
( 7) The substitution by or under this section of a rate of draw-
back for a rate previously in force shall apply only in relation
to goods in respect of which duty at the corresponding rate has
been paid.
( 8) In Schedules 1 to 7 to this Act-
(a) any rate shown under the heading 1st July 1973 shall as
from that date replace the corresponding rate in force
before that date ; and
( b) rates shown under any of the following headings apply
to goods of the following descriptions (the lower or
lowest rate applying where more than one rate would
otherwise be applicable)
Heading
Commonwealth
...
Convention
Goods
Goods qualifying for Common-
wealth preference.
Goods originating in a country
which at the end of 1972 was part
of the Convention area within the
meaning of the European Free
Trade Association Act 1960.
Republic of Ireland Goods of the Republic of Ireland
consigned to the United Kingdom
from that country.
Goods originating or in free circula-
tion in a State which is a member
of the European Economic
Community.
Full ...
Other goods.
1960 с. 19.
EEC
( 9) In section 111(1) and section 122 of the Customs and 1952 c. 44
Excise Act 1952 (which provide for remission of duty on spirits
in certain cases by reference to the preferential rate) the following
paragraphs shall be substituted for paragraphs (a) and (b) -
" (a) in the case of British spirits, without payment of duty ;
( b) in the case of imported spirits, on payment of the
difference ( if any) between the duty of customs charge-
able on the spirits and the duty of excise chargeable on
like spirits ".
1440 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
PART I
(10) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from
1st April 1973 .
Regulations
for
determining
originof
goods.
2. (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make
provision for determining, for the purposes of any duty of
customs, the origin of any goods in cases where it does not
fall to be determined under a Community regulation or any
Act or other instrument having the force of law.
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may-
( a) make provision as to the evidence which is to be required
or is to be sufficient for the purpose of showing that
goods are of a particular origin ; and
( b) make different provision for different purposes and in
relation to goods of different descriptions.
( 3) Subject to the provisions of any regulations under this
section, where in connection with a duty of customs chargeable
on any goods any question arises as to the origin of the goods,
the Commissioners may require the importer of the goods to
furnish to them, in such form as they may prescribe, proof of
any statement made to them as to any fact necessary to deter-
mine that question ; and if such proof is not furnished to their
satisfaction, the question may be determined without regard to
that statement.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of the House of Commons.
Continuation
ofpowers
under section
9 ofFinance
Act 1961 .
1961 с. 36.
1972 с. 41 .
3. The period after which orders of the Treasury under section
9 of the Finance Act 1961 may not be made or continue in
force (which, by section 60 of the Finance Act 1972, was
extended until the end of August 1973) shall extend until the
end of August 1974 or such later date as Parliament may
hereafter determine.
PART II
VALUE ADDED TAX AND CAR TAX
Relief for tax-
4.- (1) Where the Commissioners of Customs and Excise are
or duty - paid
satisfied that purchase tax or a duty to which this section applies
stock held at
was charged on or in respect of goods or on or in respect of
commence- ment of VAT.
parts or ingredients of goods which at the beginning of April
1973 were unused and held by a taxable person for sale in the
course of his business, then if-
( a) before the end of April 1973 or, with the sanction of
the Commissioners, at a later date the Commissioners
were notified, in the manner required by the notice
published by them as Notice No. 748, of the particulars
so required ; and
с.51
Finance Act 1973 1441
( b ) the other conditions mentioned in that Notice are
PART II
satisfied ;
an amount determined or arrived at in accordance with sub-
section (2) of this section to take account of the tax or duty
charged may, in the manner specified in the Notice, be included
in the return made by the taxable person under Part I of the
Finance Act 1972 for the first prescribed accounting period or, 1972 с. 41 .
with the sanction of the Commissioners, in such a return made
for a later period and shall, if so included, be treated for the
purposes of that Part as an amount to be deducted as input tax.
In this subsection " sale " includes any supply under a hire-
purchase agreement.
(2) The amount that may be so included shall be as follows-
( a) if it is to take account of purchase tax, then, subject to
paragraphs (b) and (c) below, it shall be the amount
charged;
( b ) if purchase tax was charged at a higher rate than the
corresponding rate in force on 7th November 1972 the
amount shall be what the amount charged would have
been had purchase tax been charged at that
corresponding rate ;
( c ) if purchase tax was charged in respect of a vehicle which,
had purchase tax not been chargeable, would be a
chargeable vehicle for the purposes of the car tax, the
amount shall be three -fifths of the amount arrived at
under paragraphs (a ) and ( b) above ;
( d ) if the amount is to take account of a duty to which this
section applies, then, subject to subsection (5) and para-
graph (e) below, it shall be the excess of the amount
charged over what it would have been had duty been
charged at the corresponding rate in force on 1st April
1973;
( e) if the duty was charged at a rate other than the corre
sponding rate in force on 7th November 1972, then,
subject to subsection (5) below, the amount shall be
the excess of the amount that would have been charged
at that corresponding rate over the amount that would
have been charged at the corresponding rate in force
on 1st April 1973 ;
and such method may be used in determining that amount, or,
if it cannot be determined, in arriving at an appropriate amount
to be substituted for it, as the Commissioners may allow.
( 3) Where by virtue of this section an amount is treated as
input tax to take account of a duty charged, then, if any draw-
back or repayment falls to be allowed or made in respect of that
duty, its amount shall be calculated as if the duty had been
charged at the corresponding rate in force on 1st April 1973.
Part II Z
1442 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
PART II
1972 с. 41 .
Value added
tax - time
ofsupply.
Amendment
ofFinance
Act 1972
s.14.
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsections (2) (d ) , (2)(e) and (3) above,
any country's membership of the European Economic Com-
munity shall be disregarded.
( 5 ) In relation to duty charged on a gas lighter, the rates in
force on 1st April 1973 shall be taken for the purposes of
subsections ( 2) (d ) , (2) ( e) and (3) above to be-
( a) Convention, Republic of Ireland or excise, 10p per
lighter,
( b) other rates, 124p per lighter.
(6) For the purposes of this section goods shall be deemed to
be held by a person at the beginning of April 1973 if , and only
if, they were
( a) produced by or supplied to him in the United Kingdom ;
or
(b) imported by him ;
before the end of March 1973 and had not then been supplied
by him ; and any question whether goods were supplied by or
to or were imported by any person before the end of March 1973
shall be determined as, under sections 7 and 47 of the Finance
Act 1972, it falls to be determined for the purposes of the charge
to value added tax.
( 7) This section applies to any duty of customs or excise
charged on-
( a) spirits, other than imported perfumed spirits ;
( b ) beer ;
(c ) wine ;
( d ) British wine ;
(e ) tobacco ;
( f ) matches ; or
( g ) mechanical lighters.
( 8) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from the
beginning of April 1973 .
5. Section 7( 5) of the Finance Act 1972 shall have effect,
and be deemed always to have had effect, as if for the words
"
( notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section) "
there were substituted the words " (to the extent that it is not
treated as taking place at the time mentioned in subsection
( 4 ) of this section) ".
6. Section 14 of the Finance Act 1972 (relief on supply of
certain second-hand goods) shall have effect, and be deemed
always to have had effect, as if the references to a supply on
which no tax was chargeable included references to a transaction
treated by virtue of an order under section 5( 7) of that Act as
neither a supply of goods nor a supply of services .
c . 51
Finance Act 1973 1443
7. In section 24 of the Finance Act 1972 the following sub-
PART II
section shall be inserted after subsection (2) : -
Supplies
"
( 2A ) For the purposes of subsection ( 2) above a person through
who is not resident in the United Kingdom and whose place agents.
orprincipal place of business is outside the United Kingdom 1972 c. 41 .
may be treated as not being a taxable person if as a result
he will not be required to be registered under this Part of
thisAct ."
8. For paragraph 6 of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1972 Membership
there shall be substituted the following paragraph : - ofvalue
added tax
" 6. For each sitting of a value added tax tribunal the tribunals.
chairman shall be either the President or, if so authorised by
the President , a member of the appropriate panel of chair-
men constituted in accordance with paragraph 7 of this
Schedule ; and any other member of the tribunal shall be a
person selected from the appropriate panel of other members
so constituted, the selection being made either by the
President or by a member of the panel of chairmen author-
ised by the President to make it. "
9. Paragraph 7 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1972 shall Car tax
have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if at the ( exported
end there were added the words " but where such a vehicle is vehicles).
imported after having been exported the provisions of section 52
of this Act and of this Schedule shall apply in relation to it as
they apply in relation to a vehicle made outside the United
Kingdom and not previously imported. "
PART III
INCOME TAX, CORPORATION TAX AND CAPITAL GAINS TAX
10.-(1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, income tax for the Surtax rates
year 1972-73 shall be charged, in the case of an individual for 1972–73.
whose total income exceeded £3,000, at the same higher rates in
respect of the excess of that income over £2,000 as were charged
for the year 1971-72.
( 2) An individual whose total income for the year 1972-73
did not exceed £3,500 shall be entitled to have the surtax
chargeable by virtue of subsection ( 1) above reduced to an
amount equal to 40 per cent. of the difference between his total
income and £3,000.
11. Corporation tax shall be charged for the financial year Charge of
1972 at the rate of 40 per cent. corporation
tax for
financial
year 1972.
Part II Z2
с .51
1444 Finance Act 1973
PART III
Alteration
ofpersonal reliefs.
1973 с. 38.
12.- (1) In section 7 of the Taxes Act ( relief for persons
over sixty- five with small incomes) -
( a ) for the references to £634 and £929 (income limits for
exemption) there shall be substituted references to
£ 700 and £1,000 ; and
( b) for the reference to £245 ( excess over those limits beyond
which relief by reduction of tax is excluded) there shall
be substituted a reference to £340.
( 2) Section 16 of the Taxes Act ( relief in respect of dependent
relative) shall have effect subject to the following modifica-
tions:-
( a ) in subsection (1 ) (relief limited by reference to total
income of dependent relative ) for the words " does
not exceed £412 a year there shall be substituted
the words " does not in a year exceed by more than
£100 a sum equal to the basic retirement pension for
that year " and for the words from " deduction " to
the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the
words " deduction from his total income of £100
reduced, if the total income of the person so maintained
exceeds the basic retirement pension, by the amount
of the excess " ;
( b) in subsection ( 2) (modifications of subsection (1) where
claimant is a woman ) for paragraph (b) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph : -
" (b) unless she is a married woman living with her
husband, for each reference in that subsection to
£100 there shall be substituted a reference to
£145 " ;
( c ) at the end of subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the
following subsections : -
" (2A) Subject to subsection ( 2B) below, for the
purposes of this section ' the basic retirement pen-
sion ' for any year means the aggregate of the pay-
ments to which a person is entitled in that year on
account of a Category A retirement pension under
subsection ( 1 ) of section 24 of the Social Security
Act 1973 if, throughout that year, -
( a) he fulfils the conditions in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of that subsection ; and
( b) none of those payments is reduced under
section 26( 1 ) of that Act (by reference to
his earnings) or increased under any pro-
vision of subsections (4) to (7) of the said
section 24 or under any other provision of
thatAct.
с. 51
Finance Act 1973 1445
( 2B) In relation to any time before the coming
PART III
into force of section 24 of the Social Security Act 1973 с. 38.
1973, subsection (2A ) above shall have effect as if
for the words from ' Category Aretirement pension
,
to ' 1973 ' there were substituted the words ' retire-
ment pension under subsection ( 1 ) of section 30 of
the National Insurance Act 1965 where the pension 1965 с. 51.
is payable by virtue of his own insurance ' and as
if for paragraph ( b) there were substituted the
following paragraph: -
' (b) none of those payments is reduced under
subsection (7) of that section ( by reference
to his earnings) or increased under any
other provision of that Act ' " ; and
( d ) in subsection (3) (apportionment of relief where two or
more persons jointly maintain a dependent relative)
for the words from " the £100 mentioned " to" proviso
to that subsection " there shall be substituted the words
" the deduction of £100 or less mentioned in that
subsection in respect of the person so maintained ".
13. Section 414(1) of the Taxes Act ( relief from income tax Increase
on the first £21 of certain savings bank interest) shall, for the in relief for
year 1974-75 and subsequent years of assessment , have effect savings bank
with the substitution of a reference to £ 40 for each reference interest .
to£21 .
14 .-(1 ) A lump sum paid to a person on his retirement from Lump sum
an office or employment shall not be chargeable to income tax benefits on
under Schedule E if- retirement.
( a) it is paid in pursuance of any such scheme or fund as
is described in subsections (1) and ( 2) of section 221
of the Taxes Act or in section 24(1) of the Finance Act 1970 c. 24.
1970 and is neither a payment of compensation to
which section 73 of the Finance Act 1972 applies nor 1972 с. 41.
a payment chargeable to tax under paragraph 9 of
Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1971 ; or
1971 с. 68.
( b) it is a benefit paid in pursuance of any such scheme or
agreement as is referred to in section 220 of the Taxes
Act or in pursuance of a retirement benefits scheme
within the meaning of section 25 of the Finance Act
1970 and the person to whom it is paid was chargeable
to tax under section 220 of the Taxes Act or section
23 of the Finance Act 1970 in respect of sums paid,
or treated as paid, with a view to the provision of the
benefit.
(2) This section shall be deemed always to have had effect.
Part II Z3
1446 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
PART III Pensions and
payments on
retirement etc.
-controlling
directors.
1970 с. 24.
15. The following provisions relating to service of a con-
trolling director shall cease to have effect, namely-
(a) section 19(2) ( f ) of the Finance Act 1970 (which excludes
approval of a retirement benefits scheme if such service
is taken into account) ; and
( b) the proviso to paragraph 4 of Schedule 8 to the Taxes
Act ( which requires such service to be left out of
account for the purposes of relief under that Schedule
from tax in respect of payments on retirement, etc.).
Charge to
16.-( 1 ) So far as income arising to trustees is income to
additional
which this section applies it shall, in addition to being charge-
rate of certain able to income tax at the basic rate, be chargeable at the
income of
additional rate.
discretionary
trusts.
( 2) This section applies to income arising to trustees in any
year of assessment so far as it-
( a) is income which is to be accumulated or which is pay-
able at the discretion of the trustees or any other
person (whether or not the trustees have power to
accumulate it) ; and
(b) is neither ( before being distributed ) the income of any
person other than the trustees nor treated for any of
the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as the income of
a settlor ; and
( c ) is not income arising under a trust established for charit-
able purposes only or income from investments,
deposits or other property held for the purposes of a
fund or scheme established for the sole purpose of
providing relevant benefits within the meaning of sec-
tion 26 of the Finance Act 1970 ; and
( d ) exceeds the income applied in defraying the expenses
of the trustees in that year which are properly charge-
able to income (or would be so chargeable but for any
express provisions of the trust).
(3) This section also applies to sums apportioned to the
1972 с. 41 .
trustees under paragraph 1 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act
1972 and treated, under paragraph 5(2) of that Schedule as
applied by subsection (4 ) below, as income received by the
trustees.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 4) to (8) of paragraph 5 of
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 shall, with the omission
in sub -paragraph ( 2) (a) of the words following " the apportion-
ment relates " , the substitution of " income " for " total income "
and all other necessary modifications, apply to a sum apportioned
to trustees as they apply to sums apportioned to an individual ;
and paragraph 6 of that Schedule shall apply accordingly.
Finance Act 1973 1447
c. 51
( 5) For the purposes of this section amounts paid or credited
PART III
to trustees in any year of assessment in respect of dividends or
interest payable in respect of shares in or deposits with or loans
to a building society with which arrangements under section 343
of the Taxes Act are in force for that year shall be treated as
income for that year received by the trustees after deduction of
income tax from a corresponding gross amount.
In this subsection expressions used in section 343 of the
Taxes Act have the same meanings as in that section.
( 6 ) In this section " trustees " does not include personal
representatives ; but where personal representatives, on or before
the completion of the administration of the estate, pay to trustees
any sum representing income which, if personal representatives
were trustees within the meaning of this section, would be income
to which this section applies, that sum shall be deemed to be
paid to the trustees as income and to have borne income tax
( at the basic rate) .
This subsection shall be construed as if it were contained in
Part XV of the Taxes Act.
( 7) In relation to the year 1973-74 and subsequent years of
assessment there shall be substituted in section 451 of the
Taxes Act-
( a ) in subsection (2)(e) , for the words " tax at the basic
rate " the words " the sum of tax at the basic rate
and tax at the additional rate " ; and
( b) in subsection (5 ), for the words " of income tax for that
year " the words " of both tax at the basic rate and
tax at the additional rate for that year " .
(8) A notice given to trustees under section 8 of the Taxes 1970 c. 9.
Management Act 1970 may require a return of the income arising
to them to include particulars of the manner in which the income
has been applied, including particulars as to the exercise of any
discretion and of the persons in whose favour it has been
exercised .
17.-( 1 ) Where, in any year of assessment, trustees make a Payments
payment to any person in the exercise of a discretion exercis- under
able by them or any person other than the trustees, then, if the discretionary
sum paid is for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts income
trusts.
of the person to whom it is paid (but would not be his income
apart from the payment), the following provisions of this section
shall apply with respect to the payment in lieu of section 52 or
53 of the Taxes Act.
( 2) The payment shall be treated as a net amount correspond-
ing to a gross amount from which tax has been deducted at a
rate equal to the sum of the basic rate and the additional rate
Part II Z4
1448 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
PART III
1972 с. 41 .
Discretionary
trusts-
relief for
overseas tax.
in force for the year in which the payment is made ; and the
sum treated as so deducted shall be treated-
(a ) as income tax paid by the person to whom the payment
is made; and
( b ) so far as not set off under the following provisions of
this section , as income tax assessable on the trustees.
( 3) The following amounts, so far as not previously allowed,
shall be set against the amount assessable (apart from this sub-
section) on the trustees in pursuance of subsection (2)(b) above :
( a ) the amount of any tax on income arising to the trustees
and charged at the additional as well as at the basic
rate in pursuance of section 16 of this Act ; and
( b) the amount of tax at the additional rate on any sum
treated, under paragraph 5(2) of Schedule 16 to the
Finance Act 1972 as applied by section 16(4) above, as
income of the trustees; and
( c) the amount of tax at the basic rate on any amount taken
for the purposes of paragraph 5 of Schedule 16 to the
Finance Act 1972 as applied by section 16( 4) above to
be the amount to be excluded from the income of the
trustees in accordance with sub- paragraph (6) of that
paragraph ; and
( d ) an amount of tax in respect of income found on a
claim made by the trustees to have been available to
them for distribution at the end of the year 1972-73 ,
which shall be taken to be two- thirds of the net amount
of that income ;
but tax on any income represented by amounts paid or credited
as mentioned in section 16(5) of this Act after the end of the
year 1973-74 shall be taken into account under paragraph (a)
above only on production of a certificate from the building
society concerned specifying those amounts and stating that an
amount representing income tax on that income calculated at
the basic rate has been or will be accounted for.
( 4 ) In section 55 of the Taxes Act (certificates of deduction )
after the words " section 52, 53 or 54 above " there shall be
inserted the words " or section 17 of the Finance Act 1973 " .
( 5 ) In this section " trustees " does not include personal
representatives within the meaning of section 432( 4) of the
Taxes Act.
18.-( 1 ) Subsection (2) of this section shall apply if a payment
made by trustees falls to be treated as a net amount in accordance
with section 17(2) of this Act and the income arising under the
trust includes income in respect of which the trustees are entitled
to credit for overseas tax under Part XVIII of the Taxes Act
( in that subsection referred to as " taxed overseas income ") .
Finance Act 1973 1449
с. 51
( 2 ) If the trustees certify-
PART III
( a ) that the income out of which the payment was made
was or included taxed overseas income of an amount
and from a source stated in the certificate ; and
( b ) that that amount arose to them not earlier than in the
year 1973-74 and not earlier than six years before the
end of the year of assessment in which the payment
wasmade ;
the person to whom the payment was made may claim that
the payment, up to the amount so certified, shall be treated
for the purposes of the said Part XVIII as income received by
him from that source and so received in the year in which the
payment was made.
19. Sections 78 and 79 of and Schedule 12 to the Finance Act Share option
1972 shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 8 to and share
thisAct. incentive
schemes.
1972 с. 41 .
20.- (1 ) Section 286 of the Taxes Act ( loans to participators) Close
shall not apply to a loan which, or so much of a loan as, - companies:
loans for
( a ) is made after 5th April 1973 to a person satisfying thepurposes of
conditions specified in paragraph 2 of Part V ofapproved
Schedule 12 to the Finance Act 1972 and used by him share
incentive
for the purpose of acquiring shares or interests inscheme.
shares under an approved share incentive scheme ; or
( b) is made after 5th April 1973 to trustees appointed under
such a scheme and used by them for the purpose of
acquiring shares or interests in shares under the scheme
or of enabling persons satisfying those conditions to
do so ;
unless the shares or interests are acquired from, or under
arrangements made with, a participator in the company who
acquired them neither under an approved share incentive scheme
nor, without consideration, as the holder of shares acquired
under such a scheme.
( 2) Where by virtue of paragraph (a ) or (b) of subsection ( 1)
above the application of section 286 of the Taxes Act is excluded
in relation to an amount lent by a close company and used by
a person satisfying the conditions mentioned therein to acquire
shares or interests in shares, then if, at a time when the whole
or part of his debt to the company or the trustees is outstanding,
he-
( a ) ceases to satisfy those conditions ; or
( b) disposes of the whole or part of the shares or interests
without applying the proceeds (so far as may be ) in
or towards the satisfaction of his debt ;
с.51
1450 Finance Act 1973
PART III
1972 с. 41 .
Amendments
relating
to close
companies.
1971 с. 68.
1970 с. 9.
the company shall be regarded, for the purposes of that section,
as making to him at that time a loan of an amount equal, subject
to subsection (3) below, to so much of the debt as remains
outstanding.
(3) Where, in a case falling within paragraph (b) of sub-
section (2) above, the proceeds mentioned therein are less than
the amount of the debt that was outstanding immediately before
the disposal, the loan which the company is to be regarded as
making to the participator shall be of an amount equal to the
proceeds less so much thereof as was applied towards the satis-
faction of the debt.
( 4) Without prejudice to the proviso to subsection ( 3) of
section 303 of the Taxes Act, paragraph (c ) of that subsection
shall not apply so as to make an individual an associate of a
participator as being entitled to benefit under a trust established
for the purpose of an approved share incentive scheme.
( 5) In this section " approved share incentive scheme " means
a share incentive scheme approved under Schedule 12 to the
Finance Act 1972 and expressions used in that Schedule have
the same meanings as they have there.
21.-( 1 ) Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 (apportion-
ment of income, etc. of close companies for accounting periods
ending after 5th April 1973) shall have effect and, except in so
far as any provision of Part I of Schedule 9 to this Act other-
wise provides, shall be deemed always to have had effect subject
to the amendments in that Part of that Schedule, and the tran-
sitional provisions in Part II of that Schedule shall have effect
with respect to accounting periods of close companies beginning
before 6th April 1973 .
( 2 ) Schedule 17 to the Finance Act 1972 (amendments relating
to close companies) shall have effect and be deemed always
to have had effect as if at the end of paragraph 8 (commence-
ment) there were added the words " but does not affect the
operation of any enactment in relation to any previous time ".
( 3) Paragraph 19(1) of Schedule 23 to the Finance Act 1972
( for the purposes of making shortfall assessments for 1973-74
under section 289( 1) of the Taxes Act, it is to be assumed that
section 232(2) of that Act, which charges certain distributions
to income tax, is in force) shall have effect and be deemed
always to have had effect as if after the words " of that Act "
there were inserted the words " as amended by paragraph 27(b)
of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1971 " (substitution of " basic
rate " for " standard rate ") .
( 4) The repeal by the Finance Act 1972 of the reference in
section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 to section 301
of the Taxes Act shall not be taken to have effect in relation
Finance Act 1973 1451
c . 51
to accounting periods in relation to which the repeal of section PART III
301 does not have effect, that is to say accounting periods ending
before 6th April 1973 .
22.-( 1 ) Where a person entitled to a tax credit in respect Distributions
of a distribution to which this section applies is, by reason of to exempt
any exemption from tax, entitled to recover tax and his holding funds, etc.
( together with any associated holding ) of any one class of the
shares, securities or rights by virtue of which he is entitled to the
distribution amounts to not less than 10 per cent. thereof, sub-
section (3) below shall apply to the income represented by any
part of the distribution which is not a part-
( a) to which profits arising after the date of acquisition are
attributable in accordance with Schedule 10 to this
Act; or
( b ) in relation to which the date of acquisition is earlier
than 6th April 1965.
( 2) For the purposes of this section and of Schedule 10 to this
Act the date of acquisition, in relation to any part of a dis-
tribution or profits attributable to it , is the date on which the
shares , securities or rights by virtue of which a person is entitled
to that part were acquired by him.
( 3) Where this subsection applies to any income, -
( a) the exemption from tax shall not extend to that income ;
and
( b) it shall be treated for the purposes of sections 52 and
53 of the Taxes Act as not brought into charge to
income tax ; and
( c ) no amount of interest shall be deducted from or set
off against it under section 75 of the Finance Act 1972. 1972 с. 41 .
( 4 ) Where, by virtue of this section, an exemption from tax
does not apply to any income represented by a distribution or
part of a distribution, the person entitled to the income shall
be liable to tax or, as the case may be, additional tax, on it
at a rate equal to the additional rate in force at the time the
distribution is made and shall be assessable to income tax or
corporation tax accordingly.
(5 ) This section applies to any qualifying distribution made
after 5th April 1973 but does not apply to an amount which-
( a ) in accordance with sections 234 and 235 of the Taxes
Act, or
( b ) by virtue ofparagraph 3(3) of Schedule 22 to the Finance
Act 1972,
is treated as a qualifying distribution.
( 6) Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for supple
menting this section.
1452 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
PART III Disallowance of reliefs in
respectof
bonus issues.
1972 с. 41 .
23.-(1 ) This section has effect where, on or after 6th April
1973, any person (in this section referred to as " the recipient ")
receives an amount treated as a distribution by virtue of-
( a) section 234 of the Taxes Act ( bonus issues following
repayment of share capital) ,
(b) subsection ( 1) of section 235 of that Act ( matters not
to be treated as repayments of share capital), or
( c ) paragraph 3(3) of Schedule 22 to the Finance Act 1972
( distributions in excess of new consideration received),
and in the following provisions of this section a distribution fall-
ing within any of paragraphs (a) to (c) above is referred to as a
" bonus issue " and " relevant tax credit ", in relation to a bonus
issue, means the tax credit to which the recipient of the bonus
issue becomes entitled under section 86 of the Finance Act 1972
in respect of the bonus issue.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, if the recipient is entitled
by reason of-
( a) any exemption from tax, or
( b) the setting-off of losses against profits or income,
to recover tax in respect of any distribution received by him,
no account shall be taken for the purposes of any such exemption
or set -off of any bonus issue or relevant tax credit received
by him.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 6) below, where, by virtue of this
section, no account is to be taken for the purposes of any
exemption from tax of any bonus issue and the relevant tax
credit, the person entitled to that issue and that credit shall be
liable to tax or, as the case may be, additional tax, on them
at a rate equal to the additional rate in force at the time the
bonus issue is made and shall be assessable to income tax or
corporation tax accordingly.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, a bonus issue and the
relevant tax credit shall be treated for the purposes of sections
89 and 90 of the Finance Act 1972 and Schedule 23 to that
Act as not being franked investment income.
( 5 ) Subject to subsection (6) below-
( a ) the relevant tax credit relating to a bonus issue shall not
be available to set against any income tax which the
recipient is entitled to deduct under section 52, or with
which he is chargeable by virtue of section 53, of the
Taxes Act (annual payments), and
( b) no interest may be deducted or set off under section 75
of the Finance Act 1972 ( relief for payment of interest)
from or against so much of a person's income as con-
sists of bonus issues and relevant tax credits.
Finance Act 1973 1453
c. 51
( 6 ) Nothing in subsections (2) to (5) above shall affect the
PART III
proportion (if any ) of any bonus issue made in respect of any
shares or securities which, if it were declared as a dividend,
would represent a normal return to the recipient on the con-
sideration provided by him for the relevant shares or securities ,
that is to say, those in respect of which the bonus issue was
made and, if those securities are derived from shares or securities
previously acquired by the recipient, the shares or securities
which were previously acquired; nor shall anything in those sub-
sections affect the like proportion of the relevant tax credit
relating to that bonus issue.
( 7 ) For the purposes of subsection (6) above,
( a) if the consideration provided by the recipient for any
of the relevant shares or securities was in excess of
their market value at the time he acquired them, or
if no consideration was provided by him for any of
the relevant shares or securities, the recipient shall be
taken to have provided for those shares or securities
consideration equal to their market value at the time
he acquired them ; and
(b) in determining whether an amount received by way of
dividend exceeds a normal return, regard shall be
had to the length of time previous to the receipt of that
amount that the recipient first acquired any of the
relevant shares or securities and to any dividends and
other distributions made in respect of them during
thattime.
24. At the end of subsection (3) of section 256 of the Taxes Group income .
Act (which excludes the application of subsections ( 1) and (2)
of that section to certain dividends and other payments) there
shall be added the words " and shall not apply to a dividend
in any case where, if those subsections do not apply to it, the
company receiving the dividend will, or would but for section 22
or 23 of the Finance Act 1973, be entitled by virtue of any
exemption to claim payment of the tax credit to which it is
entitled in respect of the dividend ".
25.-(1 ) Chapters I and II of Part XVII of the Taxes Act (tax Tax
avoidance: transactions in securities ) shall be amended in accord- avoidance:
ance with Schedule 11 to this Act.
transactions
in securities.
( 2) Except in so far as any provision of that Schedule other-
wise provides, Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect with
respect to distributions made after 5th April 1973 .
26.-( 1) Where a person, after 6th March 1973, acquires the Transactions
right to receive the amount ( with or without interest) stated in in certificates
a certificate of deposit issued to him or any other person, any ofdeposit.
profits or gains arising to him from the disposal of that right
1454 Finance Act 1973
с .51
PART III
1968 с.44.
or, except so far as it is a right to receive interest, from its
exercise shall, if not falling to be taken into account as a trading
receipt, be treated as annual profits or gains chargeable to tax
under Case VI of Schedule D.
(2) Where a person sustains a loss in a transaction which,
if a profit had arisen from it , would be chargeable to tax by
virtue of subsection ( 1) above, then, if he is chargeable to tax
under Schedule C or D in respect of the interest payable on the
amount stated in the certificate concerned, the amount of that
interest shall be included in the amounts against which he may
claim to set off the amount of his loss under section 176 or, as
the case may be, section 179 of the Taxes Act (Case VI losses) .
( 3) For the purposes of this section profits or gains shall
not be treated as falling to be taken into account as a trading
receipt by reason only that they are included in the computation
required by section 305( 2) of the Taxes Act (insurance
companies).
( 4 ) In this section " certificate of deposit " has the same
meaning as in section 55 of the Finance Act 1968.
Treasury
securities
issued at a
discount.
27.-( 1 ) Where a security to which this section applies is
issued at a discount tax shall not be charged in respect of the
discount under Case III of Schedule D; but the discount shall
not for that reason be regarded as annual profits or gains
chargeable to tax under Case VI of Schedule D.
(2) This section applies to all securities issued by the Treasury
after 6th March 1973, except Treasury bills.
Group relief: 28.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect on
qualifications and after 6th March 1973 for the purposes of section 258 and
for
the following sections of Chapter I of Part XI of the Taxes Act
entitlement. ( group relief ) .
( 2) Notwithstanding that at any time a company ( in this sub-
section referred to as " the subsidiary company ") is a 75 per
cent. subsidiary or a 90 per cent. subsidiary, within the meaning
of section 532 of the Taxes Act, of another company (in this sub-
section referred to as " the parent company ") it shall not be
treated at that time as such a subsidiary for the purposes of the
enactments relating to group relief unless, additionally, at that
time-
( a) the parent company is beneficially entitled to not less
than 75 per cent. or, as the case may be, 90 per cent.
of any profits available for distribution to equity holders
of the subsidiary company ; and
с. 51
Finance Act 1973 1455
( b) the parent company would be beneficially entitled to not less than 75 per cent. or, as the case may be, 90
per cent. of any assets of the subsidiary company
available for distribution to its equity holders on a
winding - up.
(3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, for the purposes of the
enactments relating to group relief, a member's share in a con-
sortium, in relation to an accounting period of the surrendering
company, shall be whichever is the lowest in that period of the
following percentages, namely-
( a) the percentage of the ordinary share capital of the sur-
rendering company which is beneficially owned by that
member ;
( b ) the percentage to which that member is beneficially
entitled of any profits available for distribution to
equity holders of the surrendering company ; and
( c ) the percentage to which that member would be bene-
ficially entitled of any assets of the surrendering com-
pany available for distribution to its equity holders on a
winding- up ;
and if any of those percentages have fluctuated in that account-
ing period, the average percentage over the period shall be taken
for the purposes of this subsection.
( 4) In any case where the surrendering company is a subsidiary
of a holding company which is owned by a consortium, for
references in subsection (3) above to the surrendering company
there shall be substituted references to the holding company.
( 5 ) Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect for
supplementing this section, and the transitional provisions in
Part II of that Schedule shall have effect in relation to this
section and section 29 below.
( 6 ) In consequence of the provisions of this section and of
Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act, section 258 of the Taxes Act
shall have effect subject to the following modifications : -
( a ) at the end of the proviso to subsection ( 2) (which pro-
vides that no claim may be made by a member of a
consortium in particular circumstances) there shall be
added the words 66
nor if the member's share in the
consortium in the relevant accounting period of the
surrendering company or holding company is nil " ; and
( b) paragraph (b) of subsection (8) shall be omitted.
( 7 ) In this section, section 29 below and Schedule 12 to this
Act-
PART III
( a ) " the enactments relating to group relief " means the
provisions of the Taxes Act specified in subsection ( 1)
above, and
1456 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
PART III
( b) any expression to which a meaning is assigned for the
purposes of the enactments relating to group relief has
the same meaning.
Group relief:
29.-( 1 ) If, apart from this section, two companies (in this
effect of
subsection referred to as " the first company " and " the second
arrangements
for transfer of company " ) would be treated as members of the same group of
company to
companies and--
another group,
( a ) in an accounting period which ends on or after 6th
etc.
March 1973, one of the two companies has trading
losses or other amounts eligible for relief from corpora-
tion tax which it would, apart from this section, be
entitled to surrender as mentioned in subsection ( 1)
of section 258 of the Taxes Act, and
( b) arrangements are in existence by virtue of which, at
some time during or after the expiry of that accounting
period, -
( i) the first company or any successor of it could
cease to be a member of the same group of com-
panies as the second company and could become a
member of the same group of companies as a third
company, or
( ii ) any person has or could obtain, or any persons
together have or could obtain, control of the first
company but not of the second, or
(iii) a third company could begin to carry on the
whole or any part of a trade which, at any time in
that accounting period, is carried on by the first
company and could do so either as a successor of
the first company or as a successor of another com-
pany which is not a third company but which, at
some time during or after the expiry of that account-
ing period, has begun to carry on the whole or any
part of that trade,
then, for the purposes of the enactments relating to group
relief, the first company shall be treated on and after 6th March
1973 as not being a member of the same group of companies
as the second company.
( 2 ) If a trading company is owned by a consortium or is a 90
per cent. subsidiary of a holding company which is owned by
a consortium and-
( a) in any accounting period ending on or after 6th March
1973 the trading company has trading losses or other
amounts eligible for relief from corporation tax which
it would, apart from this section, be entitled to
surrender as mentioned in subsection (1) of section 258
of the Taxes Act, and
Finance Act 1973 1457
c. 51
( b) arrangements are in existence by virtue of which-
( i) the trading company or any successor of it
could, at some time during or after the expiry of
that accounting period, become a 75 per cent. sub-
sidiary of a third company, or
( ii) any person who owns, or any persons who
together own, less than 50 per cent. of the ordinary
share capital of the trading company has or together
have, or could at some time during or after the
expiry of that accounting period obtain, control of
the trading company, or
( iii) any person, other than a holding company of
which the trading company is a 90 per cent. sub-
sidiary, either alone or together with connected
persons, holds or could obtain, or controls or could
control the exercise of not less than 75 per
cent. of the votes which may be cast on a poll taken
at a general meeting of the trading company in that
accounting period or in any subsequent accounting
period, or
( iv ) a third company could begin to carry on, at
some time during or after the expiry of that
accounting period, the whole or any part of a trade
which, at any time in that accounting period, is
carried on by the trading company and could do so
either as a successor of the trading company or as a
successor of another company which is not a third
company but which, at some time during or after the
expiry of that accounting period, has begun to carry
on the whole or any part of that trade,
then, for the purposes of the enactments relating to group relief,
the trading company shall be treated on and after 6th March
1973 as though it did not ( as the surrendering company) fall
within any of paragraphs (a ) to (c) of subsection ( 2) of section
258 of the Taxes Act (the cases where group relief is allowed
to members of a consortium ) .
( 3) In any case where a trading company is a 90 per cent.
subsidiary of a holding company which is owned by a consor-
tium, any reference in subsection (2) above to the trading com-
pany, other than a reference in paragraph (b)(iv) thereof, shall
be construed as including a reference to the holding company.
( 4 ) In this section " third company " means a company which,
apart from any provision made by or under any such arrange-
ments as are specified in paragraph ( b) of either subsection ( 1)
or subsection ( 2) above, is not a member of the same group of
companies as the first company, within the meaning of sub-
section ( 1) above, or, as the case may be, the trading company
or holding company to which subsection ( 2) above applies .
PART III
1458 Finance Act 1973
с .51
PART III
Leasing
contracts:
effect on
claims for
losses of
company
reconstruc-
tions.
1971 с. 68.
( 5) In subsections ( 1) and (2) above-
" connected persons " shall be construed in accordance with
section 533 of the Taxes Act ; and
“ control " has the meaning assigned to it by section 534
of the Taxes Act.
(6 ) For the purposes of subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above a com-
pany is a successor of another if it carries on a trade which,
in whole or in part, the other company has ceased to carry on
and the circumstances are such that-
( a) section 252 of the Taxes Act (company reconstructions
without change of ownership) applies in relation to
the two companies as the predecessor and the successor
within the meaning of that section, or
( b ) the two companies are connected with each other within
the terms of section 533 of the Taxes Act.
30.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if-
( a ) under a contract entered into on or after 6th March
1973 a company (in this section referred to as " the
first company ") incurs capital expenditure on the pro-
vision of machinery or plant which the first company
lets to another person by another contract (in this
section referred to as a " leasing contract ") , and
( b) apart from this subsection , the first company would be
entitled to claim relief under subsection (1) or subsec-
tion ( 2) of section 177 of the Taxes Act in respect of
losses incurred on the leasing contract, and
( c ) in the accounting period for which a first -year allow-
ance, within the meaning of Chapter I of Part III of
the Finance Act 1971, in respect of the expenditure
referred to in paragraph ( a ) above is made to the first
company, arrangements are in existence by virtue of
which, at some time during or after the expiry of that
accounting period, a successor company will be able
to carry on any part of the first company's trade which
consists of or includes the performance of all or any
of the obligations which, apart from the arrangements,
would be the first company's obligations under the
leasing contract,
then , in the accounting period specified in paragraph (c ) above
and in any subsequent accounting period, the first company shall
not be entitled to claim relief as mentioned in paragraph (b)
above except in computing its profits ( if any) arising under the
leasing contract.
Finance Act 1973 1459
с. 51
( 2) For the purposes of this section a company is a successor PART III
of the first company if the circumstances are such that-
( a) section 252 of the Taxes Act ( company reconstructions
without change of ownership) applies in relation to the
first company and the other company as the predecessor
and the successor within the meaning of that section,
or
( b) the two companies are connected with each other within
the terms of section 533 of the Taxes Act.
( 3) For the purposes of this section losses incurred on a leas-
ing contract and profits arising under such a contract shall be
computed as if the performance of the leasing contract were a
trade begun to be carried on by the first company, separately
from any other trade which it may carry on, at the commence-
ment of the letting under the leasing contract.
( 4) In determining whether the first company would be
entitled to claim relief as mentioned in subsection (1)(b) above,
any losses incurred on the leasing contract shall be treated as
incurred in a trade carried on by that company separately from
any other trade which it may carry on.
31.-( 1) The provisions of subsection ( 2 ) below shall apply Partnerships
in relation to a company (in this section referred to as "the involving
partner company ") which is a member of a partnership carrying companies:
effect of
on a trade if arrangements are in existence ( whether as part of arrangements
the terms of the partnership or otherwise) whereby-
for transferring
( a) in respect of the whole or any part of the value of, or relief.
of any portion of, the partner company's share in the
profits or loss of any accounting period of the partner-
ship, another member of the partnership or any person
connected with another member of the partnership
receives any payment or acquires or enjoys, directly or
indirectly, any other benefit in money's worth ; or
( b) in respect of the whole or any part of the cost of, or
of any portion of, the partner company's share in the
loss of any accounting period of the partnership, the
partner company, or any person connected with that
company, receives any payment or acquires or enjoys ,
directly or indirectly, any other benefit in money's
worth, other than a payment in respect of group relief
to the partner company by a company which is a
member of the same group as the partner company
for the purposes of group relief.
( 2 ) In any case where the provisions of this subsection apply
in relation to the partner company-
( a ) the company's share in the loss of the relevant account-
ing period of the partnership and its share in any
charges on income, within the meaning of section 248
с .51
1460 Finance Act 1973
PART III
1972 с. 41 .
1971 с. 68 .
of the Taxes Act , paid by the partnership in that
accounting period shall not be available for set-off for
the purposes of corporation tax except against its share
in the profits of the trade carried on by the partner-
ship ; and
( b) except in accordance with paragraph (a) above, no
trading losses shall be available for set-off for the pur-
poses of corporation tax against the company's share
in the profits of the relevant accounting period of the
partnership ; and
( c) except in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above,
no amount which, apart from this subsection, would
be available for relief against profits shall be available
for set -off for the purposes of corporation tax against
so much of the company's total profits as consists of
its share in the profits of the relevant accounting period
of the partnership ; and
( d ) notwithstanding anything in section 85 of the Finance
Act 1972, no advance corporation tax may be set
against the company's liability to corporation tax on
its share in the profits of the relevant accounting period
of the partnership.
( 3) In subsection (2) above " relevant accounting period of the
partnership " means any accounting period of the partnership
ending on or after 6th March 1973 in which any such arrange-
ments as are specified in subsection ( 1 ) above are in existence
or to which any such arrangements apply ; but, in relation to
any such accounting period which begins before that date, any
reference in subsection (2) above to the company's share in the
profits or loss of the accounting period or in any such charges on
income as are referred to in subsection (2)(a) above shall be
construed as a reference to such proportion only of that share
as the part of that period beginning on 6th March 1973 bears
to the whole of that period.
( 4 ) If a company is a member of a partnership and tax in
respect of any profits of the partnership is chargeable under
Case VI of Schedule D, this section shall apply in relation to
the company's share in the profits or loss of the partnership
as if-
( a ) the profits or loss to which the company's share is
attributable were the profits of, or the loss incurred in,
a trade carried on by the partnership, and
(b) any allowance which falls to be made under section
46( 1) of the Finance Act 1971 (machinery and plant
on lease) were an allowance made in taxing that trade.
Finance Act 1973 1461
с.51
( 5) For the purposes of this section, subsection (2) of section
PART III
155 of the Taxes Act (special rules for partnerships involving
companies) shall have effect for determining a company's share
in the profits or loss of any accounting period of a partnership
as if , in the proviso to subsection ( 1) of that section, in para-
graph (b), the words " or for capital allowances and charges "
were omitted.
(6 ) Subject to subsection (7) below, to the extent that the
partner company's share in the loss of any accounting period of
the partnership is attributable-
( a) to first -year allowances, within the meaning of Chapter
I of Part III of the Finance Act 1971, in respect of 1971 c. 68 .
expenditure incurred by the partnership on the pro-
vision of machinery or plant, or
( b) to writing- down allowances, within the meaning of
Chapter II of Part I of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 c. 3.
1968, or, as the case may require, Chapter I of Part
III of the Finance Act 1971 , in respect of expenditure
incurred by the partnership on the provision of
machinery or plant, or
(c ) to initial allowances under section 56 of the Capital
Allowances Act 1968 (in respect of expenditure on
works in connection with mines, etc. ) in respect of
expenditure incurred by the partnership and falling
within section 52( 1) of the Finance Act 1971 (expendi-
ture incurred on or after 27th October 1970 on the
construction of works in a development area or
Northern Ireland) , or
( d ) to allowances under section 91 of the Capital Allow-
ances Act 1968 in respect of expenditure incurred by
the partnership on scientific research,
the partner company's share shall be available, notwithstanding
anything in subsection (2) above, for surrender by way of group
relief or for set-off under section 177( 2) of the Taxes Act against
the company's profits of the corresponding accounting period or
periods, as defined in section 155(2) of that Act.
( 7) Subsection (6) above shall not apply unless-
( a ) the partnership of which the partner company is a
partner was in existence immediately before 6th March
1973 ; and
(b) after 5th March 1973 there is no change in the propor-
tion of the profits or loss of any accounting period of
the partnership which constitutes the partner company's
share, other than a change in respect of which the
1462 Finance Act 1973
c .51
PART III partner company furnishes the inspector with evidence
in writing showing that the change results from an
agreement entered into before 6th March 1973 ; and
( c) the expenditure concerned is incurred under a contract
entered into by the partnership before 6th March 1973.
( 8) For the purposes of subsection ( 6) above, the partner
company's share in the loss of any accounting period of the
partnership shall be treated as attributable to an allowance
falling within any of paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of that subsection
to the extent that it would not have been available for surrender
by way of group relief or for set -off as mentioned in that sub-
section if no such allowance had been available to the partner-
ship in respect of the expenditure concerned.
( 9) In this section " group relief " has the same meaning as
in section 258 of the Taxes Act and any question whether one
person is connected with another shall be determined in accord-
ance with section 533 of that Act.
Information
as to
arrangements for
transferring
relief , etc.
1972 с. 41 .
32.-( 1 ) If a company-
( a) makes a claim for group relief, or
( b) being a party to a leasing contract, as defined in section
30 above, claims relief as mentioned in subsection
(1) (b) of that section, or
( c ) being a member of a partnership, either claims any
relief which, if subsection (2) of section 31 above
applied in relation to it, it would not be entitled to
claim , or makes a return which is treated as a claim
by virtue of section 85( 5) of the Finance Act 1972, or
( d ) makes a claim under section 92 of the Finance Act
1972 (surrender of advance corporation tax),
and the inspector has reason to believe that any relevant arrange-
ments may exist, or may have existed at any time material to the
claim, then at any time after the claim (or return) is made he
may serve notice in writing on the company requiring it to
furnish him, within such time being not less than thirty days
from the giving of the notice as he may direct, with-
(i) a declaration in writing stating whether or not
any such arrangements exist or existed at any
material time, or
(ii) such information as he may reasonably require
for the purpose of satisfying himself whether or not
any such arrangements exist or existed at any
material time, or
(iii) both such a declaration and such information.
Finance Act 1973 1463
c.51
(2) In this section " relevant arrangements ", in relation to a
PART III
claim (including a return which is treated as a claim ) falling
within any of paragraphs (a ) to (d ) of subsection ( 1) above, means
such arrangements as are referred to in that enactment which is
specified in the corresponding paragraph below, that is to say, -
(a) subsection ( 1) or subsection (2) of section 29 above or
paragraph 5(3) of Schedule 12 to this Act,
( b) subsection ( 1) (c) of section 30 above,
(c ) subsection ( 1) of section 31 above,
(d ) paragraph 5( 3) of Schedule 12 to this Act or subsection
( 9) of section 92 of the Finance Act 1972.
1972 с. 41 .
( 3) In a case falling within paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 1)
above, a notice under that subsection may be served on the
surrendering company, within the meaning of section 258 of
the Taxes Act, instead of or as well as on the company
claiming relief.
( 4 ) In a case falling within paragraph ( c ) of subsection ( 1)
above, a notice under that subsection may be served on the
partners instead of or as well as on the company alone, and
accordingly may require them, instead of or as well as the
company, to furnish the declaration, information or declaration
and information concerned.
( 5) In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (penalty 1970 c. 9.
for failure to furnish information ) there shall be added in the
first column of the Table the words " Section 32 of the Finance
Act 1973 " .
( 6 ) In this section, sections 29 to 31 above, paragraph 5(3)
of Schedule 12 to this Act, and section 92(9) of the Finance Act
1972 " arrangements "
means arrangements of any kind, whether
in writing or not.
33. For the purpose of-
( a ) enabling the benefit of a company's advance corporation Setting of
tax to be surrendered under section 92 of the Finance company's
Act 1972, whether or not the tax is surplus advance advance
corporation tax ; and corporation
tax against
( b ) amending the provisions governing the determination subsidiary's
of the question whether one body corporate is a sub- liability.
sidiary of another for the purposes of that section ;
and
( c ) excepting an amount surrendered under that section
from a claim under section 85( 3) ( carry back) of that
Act ; and
( d ) extending the period for claiming relief ;
section 92 and certain other provisions of the Finance Act 1972
shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, subject
to the amendments specified in Schedule 13 to this Act.
1464 Finance Act 1973
с . 51
PART III
Minor
amendments
of Part V
ofFinance
Act 1972.
1972 с. 41 .
Election for
herd basis.
34. Part V of the Finance Act 1972 ( taxation of companies
and company distributions) shall have effect and be deemed
always to have had effect subject to the minor amendments
specified in Schedule 14 to this Act.
Provisions
applicable to
BOAC, BEA
andthe
British
Airways
Board.
1971 с. 75.
Amendment
of section 33
ofFinance
Act 1965.
1965 с. 25.
Territorial
extension
ofcharge to
income tax,
capital gains
taxand
corporation
tax .
35.-(1 ) An election for the herd basis made under paragraph
2 of Schedule 6 to the Taxes Act after the passing of this Act
and before 6th April 1976 shall be valid notwithstanding that
it is not made within the time required by paragraph 2(3) or
6(2) of that Schedule.
( 2) An election which is valid by virtue only of this section
shall have effect only for the chargeable period in which it is
made and subsequent chargeable periods .
36.-( 1 ) If the British Overseas Airways Corporation or the
British European Airways Corporation ceases to carry on a
trade and, on the Corporation ceasing to carry on that trade,
the British Airways Board begins to carry it on, section 252
of the Taxes Act (company reconstructions without change of
ownership) shall apply in relation to the Corporation and the
Board (as " the predecessor " and " the successor " for the pur-
poses of that section ) with the omission of paragraph (a ) of sub-
section ( 1) ( provisions applicable to common ownership of a
trade ) .
( 2) In section 59(1) of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 (applica-
tion of group income and group relief provisions to the Cor-
porations and the British Airways Board) after the words " shall
be treated ", in the second place where they occur, there shall be
inserted the words " notwithstanding anything in section 28 of
the Finance Act 1973 ".
37. Section 33 of the Finance Act 1965 (replacement of busi-
ness assets) shall apply, where the acquisition of the new assets
or of the interest in the new assets referred to therein takes place
on or after 6th April 1973, with the substitution in subsection
( 3) for the words " ending twelve months after the disposal " of
the words " ending three years after the disposal " .
38.- ( 1) The territorial sea of the United Kingdom shall for
all purposes of income tax, capital gains tax and corporation
tax (including the following provisions of this section) be deemed
to be part of the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) In this section and in Schedule 15 to this Act-
(a) " exploration or exploitation activities " means activities
carried on in connection with the exploration or ex-
ploitation of so much of the seabed and subsoil and
their natural resources as is situated in the United
Kingdom or a designated area ; and
Finance Act 1973 1465
c. 51
(b) " exploration or exploitation rights " means rights to PART III
assets to be produced by exploration or exploitation
activities or to interests in or to the benefit of such
assets ; and
( c) references to the disposal of exploration or exploitation
rights include references to the disposal of shares
deriving their value or the greater part of their value
directly or indirectly from such rights, other than shares
quoted on a recognised stock exchange ( within the
meaning of the Corporation Tax Acts) ; and
( d ) "shares " includes stock and any security as defined in
section 237 (5) of the Taxes Act ; and
(e) " designated area " means an area designated by Order
in Council under section 1 ( 7) of the Continental Shelf 1964 c . 29.
Act 1964.
(3) Any profits or gains from exploration or exploitation
activities carried on in a designated area or from exploration or
exploitation rights shall be treated for the purposes of income tax
or corporation tax as profits or gains from activities or property
in the United Kingdom ; and any gains accruing on the disposal
of such rights shall be treated for the purposes of Part III of
the Finance Act 1965 as gains accruing on the disposal of assets 1965 c. 25.
situated in the United Kingdom .
( 4 ) Any profits or gains arising to any person not resident in
the United Kingdom from exploration or exploitation
activities carried on in the United Kingdom or in a designated
area or from exploration or exploitation rights, and any
gains accruing to such a person on the disposal of such rights
shall, for the purposes of corporation tax or capital gains tax, be
treated as profits or gains of a trade, or gains accruing on the
disposal of assets used for the purposes of a trade, carried on by
that person in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency.
(5) In relation to exploration or exploitation rights disposed
of by a company resident in a territory outside the United King-
dom to a company resident in the same territory or in the United
Kingdom, sections 273 to 275 and 278 to 279 of the Taxes Act
( transfer within group and company ceasing to be member of
group) shall apply as if in section 272 of that Act (definition of
group " etc.) subsections ( 1) (a) and (2) were omitted.
( 6) Any emoluments from an office or employment in respect
of duties performed in a designated area in connection with
exploration or exploitation activities shall be treated for the
purposes of income tax as emoluments in respect of duties
performed in the United Kingdom.
с. 51
1466 Finance Act 1973
PART III
Underwriters.
Overseas life
insurance
companies.
1972 с. 41 .
( 7) This section shall have effect for the purposes of income
tax and capital gains tax for the year 1973-74 and subsequent
years of assessment and for the purposes of corporation tax for
the financial year 1973 and subsequent years.
( 8) Schedule 15 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this section.
39. Schedule 16 to this Act shall have effect with respect
to income tax and capital gains tax on the income and gains of
underwriting members of Lloyd's or any approved association of
underwriters.
40.- ( 1) Section 516(2) of the Taxes Act shall have effect with
respect to any accounting period ending after the commence-
ment of this Act as if the following were inserted at the end of
paragraph (b) : “ and
( c ) shall not affect the liability to tax of an overseas life
insurance company for any accounting period for which
a charge to corporation tax under Case III of Schedule
D arises under section 316 of this Act in respect of any
of its income from the investments of its life assurance
fund (excluding the pension fund and general annuity
fund, if any) or for which such a charge would arise
if there were such income ".
( 2) Where an overseas life insurance company receives a
qualifying distribution made after 5th April 1973 by a com-
pany resident in the United Kingdom and relief in respect of the
distribution is not available or is not claimed under arrange-
ments specified in an Order in Council made under section 497
of the Taxes Act, the overseas life insurance company shall be
deemed for the purposes of sections 312, 314, 316, 318 and
319 of the Taxes Act and Schedule 18 to the Finance Act 1972
to be entitled to such a tax credit in respect of the distribution
as it would be entitled to under section 86 of the Finance Act
1972 if it were resident in the United Kingdom ; and accord-
ingly the distribution shall be treated for the purposes of those
provisions as representing income equal to the aggregate of the
amount or value of the distribution and the amount of that
credit .
( 3) Where under subsection (2) above an overseas life insur-
ance company is deemed to be entitled to a tax credit in respect
of a distribution, it may claim to have the income represented
by the distribution set, subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, against
its profits chargeable to tax under section 312 or against its
income chargeable to tax in accordance with section 316 of the
Taxes Act or partly against the one and partly against the
Finance Act 1973 1467
c .51
other ; but to the extent that any income is so set the tax credit PART III
included in it shall not be payable and shall not be set against
corporation tax under paragraph 6 of Schedule 18 to the Finance 1972 c. 41 .
Act 1972.
( 4 ) The amounts that an overseas life insurance company may
by virtue of this section set against profits or income of any
description shall not exceed the amount of the profits or income
of that description and shall be further limited as follows : -
( a) the amount set against profits arising from general
annuity business shall not exceed a portion of the com-
pany's income from investments referable to that busi-
ness, and that portion shall be determined by the same
formula as determines under section 318 of the Taxes
Act the portion of those profits which is chargeable to
tax ; and
( b) the amount set against profits from pension business
shall not exceed such of its income referable to that
business as is represented by distributions in respect of
which the company is deemed to be entitled to a tax
credit by virtue of this section, and shall not reduce any
other income.
(5 ) Where by virtue of a set -off under this section income or
profits of any description are reduced by any amount, that
amount shall be left out of account in determining the amount
of income tax which is available for set-off against corporation
tax under section 246( 3) of the Taxes Act.
(6) Aclaim under this section in respect of a distribution shall
not prevent the making of a subsequent claim for relief in respect
of that distribution under arrangements specified in an Order in
Council made under section 497 of the Taxes Act; but where
such a subsequent claim is made the claim under this section
shall be deemed never to have been made, and no adjustment
( whether by additional assessments or otherwise) to which the
subsequent claim gives rise shall be out of time if it is made
within twelve months after the making of the subsequent claim.
( 7) Section 323 of the Taxes Act (interpretation) shall apply
for the purposes of this section.
41. The boundaries of any division specified by an order General
made or having effect as if made under section 2(6) of the Taxes Commis-
Management Act 1970 and in operation immediately before sioners'
divisions .
( a) 1st April 1974, if the division is in England or Wales ;
1970 с. 9.and
( b) 16th May 1975, if the division is in Scotland;
shall remain the same on and after that day as if there were
then no change of local government areas ( but without prejudice
to the making of new orders under that section ).
1468 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
PART III
42.-( 1 ) The Agreement set out in Schedule 17 to this Act,
Double
that is to say, the Agreement made on 2nd May 1973 between
taxation
the Governments of the United Kingdom and of the Republic
Agreement with Republic
of Ireland relating to the first of the Agreements set out in
ofIreland.
Schedule 12 to the Taxes Act as amended by the second of those
Agreements, is hereby confirmed, and, subject to the necessary
steps being taken to give it the force of law in the Republic of
Ireland, shall have effect accordingly.
( 2) Where, under Article 2 of the Agreement of 2nd May 1973,
the exemption from Republic of Ireland income tax to which a
company resident in the United Kingdom is entitled in respect
of a dividend (as defined in that Article) is limited, the tax to
which it is liable by virtue of that Article shall, on a claim made
for the purpose to the Board, be allowed (subject to subsection
( 3) below) as a credit against the corporation tax attributable to
that dividend.
( 3) The aggregate of the amounts of credit allowed-
( a) under subsection (2) above for Republic of Ireland
income tax ; and
(b) under any arrangement specified in an Order in Council
made under section 497 of the Taxes Act for Republic
of Ireland corporation profits tax ;
in respect of any dividend to which a company is entitled shall
not exceed the amount of corporation tax attributable to that
dividend.
(4) Where a company, under subsection (2) above, claims a
credit for Republic of Ireland income tax then, notwithstanding
section 516 of the Taxes Act, no deduction shall be made for
that tax in computing the company's income for the purposes
of corporation tax.
1972 с. 41.
(5 ) Subsections ( 4) to (6) of section 100 of the Finance Act
1972 shall apply, with the necessary modifications, for deter-
mining for the purposes of this section the corporation tax
attributable to any dividend.
Occupation of
Chevening
House.
1959 с. 49.
43. Section 185 of the Taxes Act (accommodation occupied
by holder of office or employment) shall not apply in relation to
the occupation of Chevening House or any other premises held
on the trusts of the trust instrument set out in the Schedule to
the Chevening Estate Act 1959 by a person nominated in accord-
ance with those trusts.
Relief for
44. In relation to interest paid under subsection (3) of section
interest on
43 of the Finance Act 1968 after the end of the year 1972-73
special charge. subsection (5) of that section shall have effect as if the deduction
1968 с. 44.allowable under it were a deduction in computing income for the
Finance Act 1973 1469
с.51
purpose of ascertaining the excess of liability to income tax over what it would be if all income tax were chargeable at the basic
rate to the exclusion of any other rate and as if for the reference
to the standard rate there were substituted a reference to the
basic rate.
PART III
PART IV
ESTATE DUTY
45.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect for Valuation
determining the principal value, for the purposes of estate duty, ofcertain
of any qualifying investments which- investments
forpurposes
( a) constitute property passing on the death of a person of estate duty.
dying after 6th March 1973 ; and
(b ) fall to be valued as at the date of that death for the
purposes of estate duty ; and
( c ) are sold by the appropriate person within the period of
twelve months immediately following the date of that
death.
( 2 ) On a claim being made in that behalf by the appropriate
person there shall be determined for the purposes of this section
the amount (if any) by which-
( a) the aggregate of the values which, apart from this
section and apart from any reduction under section 35
of the Finance Act 1968, would be the principal values 1968 c. 44.
for the purposes of estate duty of all the qualifying
investments falling within paragraphs ( a ) and (b) of
subsection ( 1) above which are sold by him as men-
tioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection
exceeds
( b) the aggregate of the values of those investments at the
time they were so sold, taking the value of any par-
ticular investments for this purpose as the price for
which they were so sold or, if it is greater, the best
consideration which could reasonably have been
obtained for them at the time of the sale ;
and in this section the amount of that excess is referred to, in
relation to those investments, as " the loss on sale ".
(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, in deter-
mining the estate duty chargeable on the death in question, the
principal value of the investments to which the claim relates
shall be treated as reduced by an amount equal to the loss on
sale.
( 4) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, if a claim is made under
this section and, at any time during the period beginning on
the date of the death in question and ending two months after
the date of the last sale falling within subsection ( 1) (c) above of
1470 Finance Act 1973
с.51
PART IV any qualifying investments to which the claim relates, the person
making the claim purchases any qualifying investments in the
same capacity as that in which he makes the claim, the loss on
sale of the investments to which the claim relates shall be treated
for the purposes of subsection (3) above as reduced by the
proportion which the aggregate of the purchase prices of all the
qualifying investments so purchased bears to the aggregate of the
values referred to in subsection (2)( b) above (or, if the aggregate
of those purchase prices equals or exceeds the aggregate of those
values, the loss on sale shall be extinguished).
( 5 ) If a claim is made under this section by any person in a
capacity other than that of an executor or trustee-
( a ) subsection ( 4 ) above shall have effect in his case as if
for the words " in the same capacity as that in which
he makes the claim " there were substituted the words
" otherwise than in the capacity of an executor or
trustee", and
(b) no account shall be taken under that subsection of any
qualifying investments purchased by him unless they
are of the same description as one of the qualifying
investments to which the claim relates .
( 6 ) In this section-
" the appropriate person ", in relation to any qualifying
investments falling within paragraphs ( a) and (b) of
subsection ( 1 ) above, means the person accountable for
estate duty in respect of those investments or, if there
is more than one such person and one of them is in
fact accounting for that duty, that person ;
" qualifying investments " means shares or securities which
at the date of the death in question are quoted on a
recognised stock exchange and holdings in a unit trust
which at that date is an authorised unit trust, as defined
in section 358 of the Taxes Act; and
" recognised stock exchange " has the same meaning as in
the Corporation Tax Acts ;
and any reference to the investments to which a claim relates
is a reference to all the qualifying investments which, on the
making of the claim, are taken into account under subsection
( 2 ) above in determining the loss on sale.
( 7) Schedule 18 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this section and any expression to which a meaning is assigned
by subsection ( 2) or subsection (6) above has the same meaning
in that Schedule as in this section.
( 8) For the purposes of subsection ( 5 ) above and Schedule 18
to this Act, two investments, not being investments in an
authorised unit trust, shall not be treated as of the same descrip-
tion if they are separately quoted on a recognised stock exchange,
Finance Act 1973 1471
с. 51
and an investment in one authorised unit trust shall not be treated as of the same description as an investment in another
authorised unit trust.
PART IV
46. Without prejudice to their powers under section 30 ofAcceptance in
the Finance Act 1953 ( acceptance of objects associated with satisfaction
certain buildings) and section 34(1) of the Finance Act 1956 of estate duty
ofcertain
( acceptance of certain works of art ) the power of the Commis- objects and
sioners of Inland Revenue to accept property other than land in collections.
satisfaction of estate duty or settlement estate duty shall include 1953 c. 34.
power to accept- 1956 с. 54.
( a) any picture, print , book, manuscript, scientific object
or other thing which the Treasury are satisfied is pre-
eminent for its national, scientific or historic interest,
and
( b ) any collection or group of pictures, prints, books,
manuscripts , works of art , scientific objects or other
things if the Treasury are satisfied that the collection
or group, taken as a whole, is pre - eminent for its
national , scientific, historic or artistic interest,
and subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of the said section 30 (which regulate
matters arising out of acceptances under that section ) shall apply
in the same way to acceptances under this section.
PART V
STAMP DUTY
47.- (1) If at the time, or as a result, of the occurrence after Stamp duty on
31st July 1973 of any of the transactions relating to a capital documents
company which are specified in Part I of Schedule 19 to this relating to
Act ( inthis section referred to as " chargeable transactions " ) _chargeable transactions
( a) the place of effective management of the capital com- ofcapital companies.
pany is in Great Britain, or
( b) the registered office of the capital company is in Great
Britain but the place of its effective management is
outside the member States,
then, subject to subsection ( 2) below, there shall be delivered
to the Commissioners, within one month of the transaction, a
statement in such form and containing such particulars with
respect to the transaction as the Commissioners may prescribe.
( 2 ) The obligation to deliver a statement to the Commissioners
under subsection (1) above shall not apply in relation to a
1472 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
PARTV
1948 с. 38.
1907 с. 24.
chargeable transaction falling within sub- paragraph ( a) or sub-
paragraph (b) of paragraph 1 of Schedule 19 to this Act if the
transaction consists of or includes-
( a ) the formation of a company which is to be incorporated
with limited liability under the Companies Act 1948
and is to have a share capital, or
( b) an allotment of shares in respect of which there is a
duty under section 52( 1) of that Act to deliver a return
to the registrar of companies, or
( c ) the registration of a limited partnership ( which is effected
by sending or delivering a statement under section 8
of the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 to the registrar of
companies), or
( d ) such a change in the contribution or liability of a mem-
ber of a limited partnership as gives rise to a duty under
section 9 of the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 to send
or deliver a statement thereof to the registrar of
companies.
( 3) In any case where, by virtue of subsection ( 2) (a) above,
there is no obligation to deliver to the Commissioners a state-
ment under subsection ( 1) above with respect to a chargeable
transaction, a statement with respect thereto shall be delivered to
the registrar of companies, in addition to the memorandum and
articles to be delivered under section 12 of the Companies Act
1948, and-
( a ) that statement shall be registered by the registrar of
companies upon the stamp duty chargeable in accord-
ance with subsection (5) below being paid, and
( b) unless that statement is so registered, the registrar of
companies shall not register the memorandum and
articles under the said section 12.
( 4 ) If, by virtue of subsection (2) above, there is no obliga-
tion to deliver to the Commissioners a statement under
subsection ( 1) above with respect to a chargeable transaction,
then-
( a) the return or statement required to be delivered or sent
to the registrar of companies as mentioned in subsection
( 2 ) above, or
( b) the statement required to be delivered to the registrar
of companies under subsection (3) above,
shall contain the like particulars with respect to the transaction
as would be required to be contained in a statement under sub-
section ( 1 ) above if the obligation under that subsection did
apply.
с .51
Finance Act 1973 1473
(5) Subject to subsection (6) below, where a chargeable trans-
PARTV
action occurs, the relevant document shall be charged with
ad valorem stamp duty of £1 for every £100 or part of £100
of the amount determined in relation to that document under
Part II of Schedule 19 to this Act.
( 6 ) If the relevant document relates to a chargeable trans-
action which, by virtue of Part III of Schedule 19 to this Act,
is an exempt transaction for the purposes of this section then,
except as provided in that Part , stamp duty shall not be charge-
able on the document under subsection ( 5 ) above, but the docu-
ment shall not be treated as duly stamped unless it is stamped,
in accordance with section 12 of the Stamp Act 1891, with a 1891 c. 39.
particular stamp denoting either that it is not chargeable with
any duty or that it is duly stamped.
( 7 ) If a chargeable transaction occurs and the stamp duty
( if any ) chargeable in accordance with this section on the rele-
vant document is not paid within one month from the date of
the transaction, -
( a) the duty, if any, which is so chargeable shall be a debt
due to Her Majesty from the capital company to which
the transaction relates or, if that capital company is
not a body corporate, shall be a debt due to Her
Majesty for which each of the members of the capital
company shall be jointly and severally liable ; and
( b ) the capital company or, if it is not a body corporate ,
each of its members jointly and severally shall incur
a fine equal to 5 per cent . of the duty chargeable and
a similar fine for every month from the date of the
transaction, other than the first, during which the duty
remains unpaid.
( 8) The supplementary provisions in Part IV of Schedule 19
to this Act shall have effect in relation to chargeable trans-
actions and, in consequence of the provisions of this section, the
amendments in Part V of that Schedule shall have effect.
( 9) In this section and in Schedule 19 to this Act-
" registered office ", in relation to a limited partnership
formed in accordance with the Limited Partnerships 1907 с. 24.
Act 1907, means the principal place of business of the
partnership ;
" the relevant document ", in relation to a chargeable trans-
action, means the statement required to be delivered
under subsection ( 1) above or, if subsection (2) above
applies, -
(a) the return or statement required to be delivered
or sent to the registrar of companies as mentioned
in subsection (2) above, or
( b) the statement required to be delivered to the
registrar of companies under subsection (3) above.
Part 11
2A
1474 Finance Act 1973
с.51
PARTV
Capital
companies.
1907 с. 24.
Abolition
ofstamp
duty on
statements
relating to
capital and
on issue of
marketable
securities.
1891 с. 39.
1899 с. 9.
48.-(1) For the purposes of section 47 above and Schedule
19 to this Act , the expression " capital company " means-
( a ) a company incorporated with limited liability according
to the law of any part of the United Kingdom ;
( b) a limited partnership formed in accordance with the
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 ;
( c ) a company incorporated according to the law of a
member State other than the United Kingdom ;
( d ) any other corporation or body of persons the shares in
whose capital or assets can be dealt in on a stock
exchange in a member State ; or
( e) any other corporation or body of persons operating for
profit, whose members have the right to dispose of
their shares to third parties without prior authorisation
and are responsible for the debts of the corporation or
body only to the extent of their shares.
( 2) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that a
unit trust (whether an authorised unit trust or not ) is not, by
virtue of paragraph (d ) of subsection ( 1) above, a capital com-
pany for the purposes specified in that subsection.
49.- ( 1) On and after 1st August 1973 no stamp duty shall
be chargeable on any statement under-
( a) section 112 or section 113 of the Stamp Act 1891 (on
statements relating to nominal share capital of limited
companies) ; or
( b) section 11 of the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 (on
statements relating to contributions by limited
partners) ;
unless the obligation to deliver the statement arose before that
date, or the period within which it is required to be delivered
or sent began on or before that date.
( 2) No stamp duty shall be chargeable under section 8 of
the Finance Act 1899 on any statement of an amount proposed
to be secured by an issue of loan capital unless the obligation
to deliver the statement arose before 1st January 1973 ; and
in any case where duty has been paid under that section in
respect of any statement on which, by virtue of this subsection,
duty was not chargeable, the corporation, company or body of
persons by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled, on making
a claim in that behalf, to repayment of that duty.
( 3) No stamp duty shall be chargeable by virtue of the head-
ing " Marketable Security " in Schedule 1 to the Stamp Act
1891 on any instrument executed or made on or after 1st
January 1973, but-
( a) nothing in this subsection or in the repeals effected by
this Act shall affect the stamp duty chargeable on any
instrument on the sale of a marketable security of any
Finance Act 1973 1475
c. 51
description by reference to the heading in that Schedule PARTV
Conveyance or Transfer on sale " ; and"
( b) without prejudice to section 74 of the Finance (1909-10) 1910 c. 8.
Act 1910 (certain conveyances and transfers which
operate as voluntary dispositions inter vivos to be
chargeable with the same stamp duty as if they were
conveyances on sale ) any transfer, assignment, disposi-
tion or assignation of a marketable security of any
description, otherwise than upon a sale thereof , shall
be treated as falling within the heading in that Schedule
"Conveyance or Transfer of any kind not hereinbefore
described " ;
and in any case where duty has been paid by virtue of the said
heading " Marketable Security " in respect of an instrument on
which, by virtue of this subsection, duty was not chargeable,
the person by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled, on
making a claim in that behalf, to repayment of that duty.
( 4 ) In any case where-
( a) stamp duty has been paid under any of the enactments
specified in subsection (1) above on a statement which
was required to be delivered on or after, or within a
period which began after, 1st January 1973, and
( b ) before 1st August 1975 a claim is made, in such form
as the Commissioners may prescribe, by the company,
corporation or partners by whom the duty was paid,
and
( c ) in the case of a company, no claim has been made
previously under subsection (5) below,
there shall be determined the amount of duty, in this section
referred to as " the notional new duty ", which would have been
payable by the company, corporation or partners in respect of
transactions occurring in the period of seven months ending
immediately before 1st August 1973 if sections 47 and 48 above
and Schedule 19 to this Act had been in force on and after 1st
January 1973 (with the substitution of a reference to 31st
December 1972 for any reference in those provisions to 31st
July 1973) ; and if the amount of duty paid as mentioned in
paragraph (a) above exceeds the amount of the notional new
duty, the company, corporation or partners shall be entitled to
repayment of an amount equal to that excess.
(5 ) Subject to subsection ( 8) below, if on a claim made in
such form as the Commissioners may prescribe it is proved
to their satisfaction that-
( a ) stamp duty has been paid in respect of the nominal
share capital, or an increase in the registered or nominal
share capital, of a company under section 112 or
section 113 of the Stamp Act 1891 , and
1891 с. 39.Part I 2A2
1476 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
PARTV
1927 с. 10.
1899 с. 9. ( b) on 31st July 1973, the total of the registered or nominal
share capital of the company exceeds the total of its
issued share capital,
the company shall be treated as having paid, on account of any
duty for which it may become liable under section 47(5) above,
a sum equal to that part of the duty paid as mentioned in para-
graph (a) above which was so paid in respect of the excess
referred to in paragraph (b) above.
( 6 ) If at any time the nominal share capital of a company
was treated as reduced under paragraph ( A) of section 55( 1) of
the Finance Act 1927 (relief from capital duty in cases of recon-
struction or amalgamation of companies) then, for the purposes
of subsection (5 ) above, stamp duty shall be treated as having
been paid as mentioned in that subsection, at the rate applicable
when the acquisition referred to in paragraph (b) of the said
section 55 ( 1 ) occurred, in respect of an amount of nominal share
capital equal to the amount of the reduction under the said
paragraph ( A) .
( 7) Subject to subsection (8) below, if , on 31st July 1973, the
issued share capital of a company includes any shares which are
not fully paid up, then, for the purposes of subsection (5)(b)
above, the total of its issued share capital shall be treated as
reduced by a sum equal to the total amount which remains to
be paid up on those shares.
( 8) If a claim is made under subsection ( 4 ) above by a
company, no claim may be made by the company under
subsection (5) above except at the same time as the claim
under subsection ( 4 ) above ; and for the purpose of any such
contemporaneous claim under subsection (5) above and of deter-
mining the amount of any repayment under subsection ( 4) above,
subsections (5) to (7) above shall have effect-
(a ) as if any reference therein to 31st July 1973 were a refer-
ence to 31st December 1972 ; and
(b) as if paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 5) above applied only
to stamp duty paid on a statement which was required
to be delivered before, or within a period which began
on or before, 1st January 1973 ; and
( c ) as if the amount which, apart from this paragraph, the
company would be treated as having paid as mentioned
in subsection (5) above were to be applied first in
reducing or extinguishing the amount of the notional
new duty (so that only the balance, if any, will be
treated as specified in subsection (5) above) .
( 9) The repeal by this Act of section 8 of the Finance Act
1899 and of any other enactment amending that section shall
not affect the construction of any enactment in which " loan
capital " has the same meaning as in that section.
Finance Act 1973 с.51 1477
50.-( 1 ) Where the House of Commons passes a resolution
PARTV
which-
Temporary
(a ) provides for the variation or abolition of an existingstatutory
stamp duty other than estate duty ; and
effect of
House of
( b) is expressed to have effect for a period stated in the Commons
resolution in accordance with the following provisions resolution
of this section ; and
affecting
stamp duties.
(c) contains a declaration that it is expedient in the public
interest that the resolution should have statutory effect
under the provisions of this section ;
then, subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, the resolution shall
for the period so stated have statutory effect as if contained in
an Act of Parliament.
( 2 ) The period to be stated in a resolution is a period
expressed as beginning on a date so stated and ending on, or
thirty-one days or such less number of days as may be so stated
after, the earliest of the dates mentioned in this subsection ; and
those dates are-
( a) the twenty-fifth day on which, after the day the resolu-
tion is passed, the House of Commons sits without a
Bill containing provisions to the same effect as the reso-
lution being read a second time and without a Bill
being amended ( whether by the House or a Committee
of the House or a Standing Committee) so as to include
such provisions ;
( b) the rejection of such provisions during the passage
through the House of a Bill containing them ;
(c ) the dissolution or prorogation of Parliament ; and
(d ) the expiration of the period of five months beginning
with the day on which the resolution takes effect.
(3) A resolution shall cease to have statutory effect under this
section if an Act comes into operation varying or abolishing the
duty.
( 4 ) The ending of the period for which a resolution has statu-
tory effect under the provisions of this section shall not affect
the validity of anything done during that period.
PART VI
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
51.-( 1 ) The provisions of subsection (3) below shall have Determination
effect in any case where, in relation to an asset to which this for estate duty
section applies, there falls to be determined- and capital gains tax of
( a) by virtue of section 7( 5) of the Finance Act 1894 ( prin- open market
cipal value for purposes of estate duty) the price which, price of
in the opinion of the Commissioners, property consist- unquoted
ing of the asset would fetch if sold in the open market; arriti shares and
or 1894 с. 30.
Part II 2 A3
c. 51
1478 Finance Act 1973
PART VI
1965 с. 25.
1894 с. 30.
( b) by virtue of section 44(1) of the Finance Act 1965 ( mar-
ket value for purposes of tax on chargeable gains) the
price which the asset might reasonably be expected to
fetch on a sale in the open market.
( 2) The assets to which this section applies are shares and
securities which are not quoted on a recognised stock exchange,
within the meaning of the Corporation Tax Acts, at the time as
at which their principal value for the purposes of estate duty
or their market value for the purposes of tax on chargeable gains
falls to be determined.
( 3) For the purposes of a determination falling within sub-
section ( 1) above, it shall be assumed that, in the open market
which is postulated for the purposes of that determination, there
is available to any prospective purchaser of the asset in question
all the information which a prudent prospective purchaser of the
asset might reasonably require if he were proposing to purchase
it from a willing vendor by private treaty and at arm's length.
( 4) The provisions of Schedule 20 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the application of this section.
( 5) This section and Schedule 20 to this Act, -
( a ) so far as they relate to estate duty, shall be construed
as one with the Finance Act 1894 ; and
( b) so far as they relate to capital gains tax, shall be con-
strued as one with Part III of the Finance Act 1965.
Transitional
relief for
charities.
52.-( 1 ) Where a charity ( within the meaning of section 360
of the Taxes Act ) -
( a ) was entitled, by virtue of the exemption granted under
subsection ( 1)( c)(ii) of that section, to repayment of
tax under Schedule D for the year 1971-72 in respect
of an annual payment received by it under a disposition
( other than a disposition made for a consideration in
money or money's worth) under which the amount
actually payable did not vary with the standard rate
of income tax ; and
(b) is so entitled for the year 1973-74 or any of the three
subsequent years of assessment in respect of any annual
payment received by it under that or a similar disposi-
tion which was made before 6th March 1973 and not
varied on or after that date ;
the charity may, in addition to making a claim under that
section for any of the years mentioned in paragraph (b) above
for which it is entitled as mentioned therein, claim relief under
Finance Act 1973 1479
c. 51
this section ; and on a claim so made it shall be entitled to be
PARTVI
paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue out of moneys
provided by Parliament an amount equal-
(i ) for the first of the years mentioned in paragraph ( b )
above, to the difference specified in subsection (2)
below ;
(ii ) for the second of those years, to three -quarters of that
difference ;
(iii ) for the third of those years, to one- half of that differ-
ence; and
( iv ) for the last of those years, to one- quarter of that
difference.
(2) The difference referred to in subsection (1) above is the
difference between-
( a ) the aggregate amount of the repayments to which the
charity was entitled as mentioned in paragraph ( a) of
that subsection ; and
( b) the aggregate of what those repayments would have
been if the standard rate for 1971-72 had been 30 per
cent.
( 3 ) A claim for relief under this section must be made not
later than two years after the end of the year of assessment to
which it relates and, if it relates to the year 1973-74, not earlier
than 1st October 1973 .
( 4) Where the activities of a charity which has ceased to exist
are carried on by another charity, this section shall apply as if
that other charity had been entitled to any repayment of tax
for the year 1971-72 to which the charity which has ceased to
exist was entitled.
53. ( 1 ) Section 214 of the Taxes Act (tax exemption in Overseas
respect of certain overseas pensions and pension funds) shall pensions:
have effect subject to the following modifications : - continuation
of certain
( a ) at the end of paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) there shall exemptions
be inserted the following paragraph : -
from tax.
66
( d ) a pension paid under section 1 of the Over- 1973 c. 21 .
seas Pensions Act 1973, whether or not paid out of a
fund established under a scheme made under that
section " ;
( b) in the proviso to subsection ( 1), after the words " para-
graph (a) " there shall be inserted the words " or ( d ) " ;
and
( c) in subsections ( 2) and ( 4), for the words " paragraph (b)
or ( c) " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph
(b), (c) or (d ) " .
Part II 2A4
1480 Finance Act 1973
c.51
PART VI
1973 с. 21 .
1958 с. 56.
1958 с. 14.
( 2) Any provision of sections 213 to 217 of the Taxes Act
( special treatment of certain overseas pensions and pension
funds) which refers-
( a ) to an enactment which, by virtue of subsection (3) of
section 2 of the Overseas Pensions Act 1973, is to have
effect as if it constituted a scheme made under that
section, or
( b) to any provision of, or any instrument made under, such
an enactment,
shall have effect on and after the commencement of the said
Act of 1973 as if it were a reference to the scheme under section
2 of that Act which, as mentioned in paragraph (a) above, is
constituted by that enactment or to such other scheme made
under that section as is certified by the Secretary of State for
the purposes of the Taxes Act to correspond to that enactment ;
and the reference in section 37( 3) of the Finance Act 1958 (estate
duty treatment of pensions under the Overseas Service Act 1958)
to a pension paid as mentioned in section 215( 1) of the Taxes
Act shall be construed accordingly.
( 3) If and so long as provision is made by double taxation
relief arrangements for a pension of a description specified in
subsection ( 4) below to be exempt from tax in the United King-
dom and, by reason of Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom having assumed responsibility for the pension, pay-
ments in respect of it are made under section 1 of the Overseas
Pensions Act 1973, then, to the extent that those payments are
made to, or to the widow or widower of, an existing pensioner,
the provision made under the arrangements shall apply in rela-
tion to the pension, exclusive of any statutory increases thereof,
as if it continued to be paid by the government which had
responsibility for it before that responsibility was assumed by
Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom .
( 4) The pensions referred to in subsection (3) above are pen-
sions paid by-
(a ) the Government of Malawi for services rendered to that
Government or to the Government of the Federation
of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in the discharge of gov-
ernmental functions,
(b) the Government of Trinidad and Tobago in respect of
services rendered to that Government in the discharge
of governmental functions,
( c) the Government of the Republic of Zambia for services
rendered to that Government or to the Government of
Northern Rhodesia or to the Government of the
Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in the dis-
charge of governmental functions.
c. 51
Finance Act 1973 1481
( 5) If, immediately before 6th April 1973, a person resident
PARTVI
in the United Kingdom is entitled to receive a pension as, or as
the widow or widower of, an existing pensioner, and-
( a) by virtue of sections 113 and 122 to 124 of the Taxes
Act (foreign pensions chargeable to tax under Case V
of Schedule D) income tax in respect of sums received
on account of the pension in 1972-73 is assessed by
reference only to the amount of income received in
the United Kingdom, and
(b) by reason of Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom having assumed responsibility for the pen-
sion, payments in respect of it are made under section
1 of the Overseas Pensions Act 1973,
1973 с. 21 .
then, if and so long as the pension is received by that person
or, where that person is an existing pensioner, by his or her
widow or widower, the provisions of the Taxes Act shall apply
in relation to it, exclusive of any statutory increases thereof,
as if it continued to be paid by the government or other body
or fund which had responsibility for it before that responsibility
was assumed by Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom.
( 6 ) If, by reason of Her Majesty's Government in the United
Kingdom having assumed responsibility for a pension, allowance
or gratuity, payments in respect of it are made under section 1
of the Overseas Pensions Act 1973, then the enactments relating
to estate duty shall apply in relation to the pension, allowance
or gratuity, exclusive of any statutory increases thereof, as if it
continued to be paid by the government or other body or fund
which had responsibility for it before that responsibility was
assumed by Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom .
( 7 ) At the end of section 273( 5) of the Government of India 1935 c. 2
Act 1935 (pensions payable out of certain family pension funds ( 25Geo. 5 &
relating to service in India to be exempt from estate duty ) there 1 Edw. 8.) .
shall be added the words 66
or to any fund administered under
a scheme made under section 2 of the Overseas Pensions Act
1973 which is certified by the Secretary of State, for the purpose
of the exemption conferred by this subsection, to correspond to
an Order in Council under subsection (1) of this section. "
( 8) In section 40( 4) (a) of the Finance Act 1956 (certain 1956 c. 54.
pensions treated for estate duty purposes as if paid by the
Government of India or the Government of Pakistan) for the
words " the Pensions ( India, Pakistan and Burma) Act 1955 " 1955 с. 22.
there shall be substituted the words " a scheme made under
section 2 of the Overseas Pensions Act 1973 which is constituted
by the Pensions (India, Pakistan and Burma) Act 1955 or
is certified by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this
1482 Finance Act 1973
с.51
PART VI
1971 с. 56.
1973 с. 21 .
Amendments
consequential on
establishment
of The Stock
Exchange.
Disclosure of
information
for statistical
purposes.
section to correspond to the said Act of 1955 " and for the
words " is paid " there shall be substituted the words " was first
paid under the said Act of 1955 " .
( 9) In this section-
ود
" double taxation relief arrangements means arrange-
ments specified in an Order in Council making any
such provisions as are referred to in section 497 of
the Taxes Act;
" existing pensioner ", in relation to a pension, means a
person by virtue of whose service the pension is pay-
able and who retired from that service before 6th April
1973 ; and
" statutory increases ", in relation to a pension, allowance
or gratuity, means so much ( if any) of the pension,
allowance or gratuity as is paid by virtue of the appli-
cation to it of any provision of the Pensions (Increase)
Act 1971 or any enactment repealed by that Act ;
and in this subsection and subsection (6) above " pension,
allowance or gratuity " has the same meaning as in section 1 of
the Overseas Pensions Act 1973 .
54 .- (1) In the enactments relating to income tax, corporation
tax, capital gains tax, estate duty or stamp duty-
(a ) references to the Stock Exchange, London or the
London Stock Exchange, a stock exchange in the
United Kingdom or a recognised stock exchange in the
United Kingdom shall be construed as references to
The Stock Exchange ;
(b) references to quotation on a stock exchange in the
United Kingdom or a recognised stock exchange in the
United Kingdom shall be construed as references to
listing in the Official List of The Stock Exchange ;
and
( c) references to a member of a stock exchange in the United
Kingdom shall be construed as references to a member
of The Stock Exchange ;
and those enactments shall have effect subject to the amend-
ments specified in Schedule 21 to this Act.
( 2) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation
on 25th March 1973 but shall not affect the operation of any
enactment in relation to anything done before that day.
55.-( 1 ) For the purpose of the compilation or maintenance
by the Business Statistics Office of the Department of Trade and
Industry of a central register of businesses, or for the purpose
Finance Act 1973 1483
с.51
of any statistical survey conducted or to be conducted by that Office, the Commissioners or an authorised officer of the Com-
missioners may disclose to an authorised officer of that Office
particulars of the following descriptions obtained or recorded
by them in pursuance of Part I of the Finance Act 1972-
(a) numbers allocated by the Commissioners on the regis-
tration of persons under that Part and reference num-
bers for members of a group ;
( b) names, trading styles and addresses of persons so regis-
tered or of members of groups and status and trade
classifications of businesses ; and
( c ) actual or estimated value of supplies.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, no information obtained
by virtue of this section by an officer of the Business Statistics
Office may be disclosed except to an officer of a Government
department (including a Northern Ireland department) for the
purpose for which the information was obtained, or for a like
purpose.
(3) Subsection (2) above does not prevent the disclosure-
( a ) of any information in the form of a summary so framed
as not to enable particulars to be identified as particu-
lars relating to a particular person or to the business
carried on by a particular person ; or
( b) with the consent of any person, of any information
enabling particulars to be identified as particulars
relating only to him or to a business carried on by him.
( 4 ) If any person who has obtained any information by virtue
of this section discloses it in contravention of this section he
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to a fine or to both.
(5) In this section expressions used in Part I of the Finance
Act 1972 have the same meanings as in that Part and references
to the Business Statistics Office of the Department of Trade and
Industry include references to any Northern Ireland department
carrying out similar functions.
PART VI
1972 с. 41 .
56.-( 1 ) Where a Government department, in pursuance of Charges for
any Community obligation or any international agreement or services, etc. ,by
Government
arrangement, provides any services or facilities or issues any departments.
authorisation, certificate or other document, it may, in connec-
tion therewith, require the payment of such fees or other charges
as may be prescribed by, or determined under, regulations made
by the Minister in charge of the department with the consent
of the Treasury.
с.51
1484 Finance Act 1973
PART VI
1954 с. 33
( Ν.Ι.) .
1920 с. 67.
Payments to
sugar refiners. Trustee
Investments
Act 1961—
dividends
ofwater
companies.
1961 с. 62.
1972 с. 41 .
( 2) Regulations under this section may provide for the
recovery and disposal of any sums payable under the regulations
and make different provision for different circumstances.
( 3) The powers conferred by this section are without prejudice
to any powers exercisable apart from this section to require
the payment of fees or other charges.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 5 ) In this section " Government department " includes a
department of the Government of Northern Ireland, and any
regulations which the Minister in charge of such a department
is empowered to make under this section may be made either
by him or by the department, and with the consent of the
Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland instead of the
Treasury ; and in relation to regulations so made subsection ( 4)
of this section shall not apply but they shall be subject to negative
resolution, within the meaning of section 41(6) of the Interpreta-
tion Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1954, as if they were a statutory
instrument within the meaning of that Act.
(6) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland
Act 1920 this section shall be deemed to be contained in an Act
passed before the day appointed for the purposes of that section.
57.-( 1 ) If for any accounting period the revenues of a sugar
refiner fall short of the total sums which are properly chargeable
to revenue account for that period and the Minister of Agricul-
ture, Fisheries and Food so directs, the Sugar Board shall make
good the deficiency.
(2) The Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may with
the approval of the Treasury give directions as to the way in
which the revenues of a sugar refiner are to be computed for
the purposes of this section and as to the sums to be treated for
those purposes as properly chargeable to revenue account.
( 3) In this section " sugar refiner " means a person other than
the British Sugar Corporation Limited who carries on business
in the United Kingdom as a refiner of sugar.
58.-( 1 ) The Treasury may by order make such amendments
in paragraph 10 of Part II of Schedule 1 to the Trustee Invest-
ments Act 1961 (under which a trustee's power to invest in cer-
tain securities depends on the amount of dividends paid) and in
any enactment or instrument modifying that paragraph as
appear to them required in consequence of the repeal by the
Finance Act 1972 of the provisions relating to the deduction of
income tax from distributions made by companies.
c. 51
Finance Act 1973 1485
( 2) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this section, and any such order shall
be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annul-
ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
PART VI
59.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act 1973. Citation,
( 2) In this Act " the additional rate means the additional interpretation,
"
construction,
rate mentioned in section 32( 1) of the Finance Act 1971, and extent and
66
the Taxes Act " means the Income and Corporation Taxes repeals.
Act 1970.
1971 с. 68.
1970 с. 10.
( 3) In this Act-
(a) Part I shall be construed as one with the Customs and 1952 с. 44.
Excise Act 1952 ;
( b) Part II, so far as it relates to value added tax, shall be
construed as one with Part I of the Finance Act 1972 1972 с. 41 .
and, so far as it relates to car tax, shall be construed
as one with Part II of the Finance Act 1972 ;
( c) Part III, so far as it relates to income tax, shall be
construed as one with the Income Tax Acts, so far as
it relates to corporation tax, shall be construed as one
with the Corporation Tax Acts and, so far as it relates
to capital gains tax, shall be construed as one with
Part III of the Finance Act 1965 ; 1965 с. 25.
(d ) Part IV shall be construed as one with the Finance Act 1894 c. 30.
1894; and
(e) Part V shall be construed as one with the Stamp Act 1891 c. 39.
1891.
( 4 ) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, and as including
a reference to that enactment as applied, by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
( 5) Except as otherwise expressly provided, such of the pro-
visions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the
Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws do not
extend to Northern Ireland.
(6 ) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland passes provisions
amending or replacing any enactment of that Parliament referred
to in this Act the reference shall be construed as a reference to
the enactment as so amended or, as the case may be, as a
reference to those provisions .
( 7 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 22 to this Act
( which include certain enactments which had ceased to have
effect before the commencement of this Act) are hereby repealed
to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, but
subject to any provision at the end of any Part of that Schedule.
1486 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
Section1.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
SPIRITS (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES )
TABLE 1 : SPIRITS OTHER THAN IMPORTED PERFUMED SPIRITS
Customs rates
Description of spirits Excise
rate
Full
Common-
wealth
andCon-
vention
EEC
£ £
£
£
15-4500
1. British spirits ( per proof gallon )
2. Imported spirits other than per-
fumed spirits-
( a ) not comprised below in this
paragraph ( per proof gallon)
( b ) liqueurs, cordials, mixtures and
other preparations in bottle ,
entered in such manner as to
indicate that the strength is not
to be tested (per gallon )
( c )ethyl alcohol or neutral spirits,
undenatured, of a strength of
140 degrees proof or higher;
denatured spirits (including ethyl
alcohol and neutral spirits) of
any strength ( per proof gallon )
( d ) rum ( per proof gallon )..
15-5125 15-4500 15-5125
20-9450 20-8575 20-9450
15-5750 15-4500 15-5500
15-5750 15-4500 15-5500
each of the above rates of duty being ,
in the case of spirits not warehoused or
warehoused for less than three years,
increased by £0-075 per proof gallon
or, for spirits within paragraph 2( b) of
this Table, by £0.10 per gallon.
Finance Act 1973 1487
с. 51
SCHEDULE 2
BEER (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES AND DRAWBACKS)
Section 1.
Customs rates ( per 36 gallons)
Excise rates
( per 36
gallons )
1. Duty ...
2. Drawback...
Full
Common-
wealth and
Convention
EEC
£
6.90
£
7.90
£
6.90
£
7.70
6.90 7.90 6.90 7-70
each of the above rates of duty and drawback being, in
the case ofbeer of an original gravity exceeding 1,030
degrees, increased by £0.29 for each additional degree.
Supplementary provision as to drawback
As respects beer the worts whereof before fermentation were of a
specific gravity of less than 1,030 degrees the amount of drawback
allowable shall not exceed the amount of the customs or excise duty
shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid.
1488 Finance Act 1973
с . 51
Section1. SCHEDULE 3
WINE (RATES OF CUSTOMS DUTIES )
Rates of duty ( per gallon )
Description of Wine EEC
Republic
Full Common- of
wealth Ireland 1st April
1973
1stJuly 1973
£ £ £ £ £
Light wine: -
Still-
not in bottle ... 0.875 0-775 0.750 0-875 0.850
in bottle 1.000 0.850 0.750 1.000 0.950...
Sparkling ...
1.500 1.400 1.050 1.500 1-480
Otherwine not exceed-
ing 32 degrees of
proofspirit: -
Still-
not inbottle 1-975 1-475 1.000 1-975 1-875
..
in bottle 2.100 1.550 1.000 2-100 1-975
Sparkling ...
2.600 2.100 1.300 2.600 2.500
Wine exceeding 32
degrees of proof
spirit : -
Still-
not inbottle
...
in bottle
Sparkling
...
1.975 1-475 1-475 1.975 1-875
2.100 1.550 1-475 2.100 1-975
2.600 2.100 2.100 2-600 2.500
together, in the case
of wine exceeding
42 degrees of proof
spirit, with an addi-
tion for each addi-
tional degree or
fraction of a degree
of ...
0.160 0-120 0-120 0.160 0-152
The rates shown under the heading 1st July 1973 replace as from
that date the rates applicable to the following goods originating in
Austria, Liechtenstein, Portugal (with the Azores and Madeira),
Sweden or Switzerland, namely vermouths and other wines of fresh
grapes flavoured with aromatic extracts.
For the purposes of this Schedule, " light wine " means wine not
exceeding 25 degrees or, in the case of wine qualifying for Common-
wealth preference, 27 degrees of proof spirit.
Finance Act 1973 1489
c . 51
SCHEDULE 4
BRITISH WINE (RATES OF EXCISE DUTIES)
Section 1.
Description of British wine
Light British wine:-
Still
... ...
Sparkling
Other British wine: -
Still ...
Sparkling
... ... ...
Rates of duty ( per gallon )
£
0.75
1.05
... ...
1.00
1.30
For the purposes of this Schedule, " light British wine " means
British wine not exceeding 27 degrees of proof spirit .
1490 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
Section 1.
SCHEDULE 5
TOBACCO (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES AND DRAWBACKS)
TABLE 1
Rates ofduty per pound
Customs
EEC
Common- Conven- Republic
Full
wealth tion of
Ireland 1st April 1st July
1973 1973
£ £ £ £ £ £
TOBACCO
1. Unmanufactured:
Containing 10 per cent. or
more by weight of
moisture
4-3050 4-2280 4-3050
Other
4-3550 4-2700 4-3550
4-2280 4-3050 4-2880
4-2700 4-3550 4-3362
2. Manufactured, viz.:
Cigars Cigarettes
4-7490 4-6015 4-6015 4-6015 4-7195 4-7195
4-5800 4-4615 4-3615 4-3615 4-5363 4-5363
Cavendish or negrohead:
Manufactured in bond
Other
4-4300 4-5300
4-3325 4-4300 4-3325 4-4105 4-4105
4-4180 4-4180 4-4180 4-5076 4-5076
Other 4-4425 4-3450 4-3050
4-3050 4-4150 4-4150
3. Snuff and snuff work (includ-
ing tobacco dust or powder
andground tobacco ) 4-4680 4-3660 4-3550 4-3550 4-4454 4-4454
TABLE 2
Excise TOBACCO
1. Unmanufactured :
Containing 10 per cent. or more by weight of moisture
Other
2. Manufactured :
Cavendish or negrohead manufactured in bond
Rates of duty per pound
£
4-2200
4-2610
4-3325
TABLE 3
Rates of drawback ( per pound )
Description of tobacco
Inrespect of
Inrespectof
Inrespect of
tobacco on
tobacco on
tobacco on
which customs
which customs
which customs
dutyat the
duty atthe Commonwealth
dutyatthe
EBC rate in
fullor
or Republic of
forceon
Convention rate
Ireland rate
1st April 1973
has been paid
or excise duty
hasbeenpaid
hasbeenpaid
In respect of
tobaccoon
which customs
dutyatthe
EEC rate in
forceon
1stJuly1973
hasbeenpaid
£ £ £ £
Cigars 4-5220 4-4450 4-5220 4-5066
Cigarettes 4-3550 4-2780 4-3550 4-3396
Cut, roll, cake or other
manufactured tobacco 4-3430 4.2660 4-3430 4-3276
Snuff ( not being offal
snuff ) 4-3680 4-2910 4-3680 4-3526
Stalks and tobacco refuse 4-3180 4-2410 4-3180 4-3026
Finance Act 1973 1491
с.51
SCHEDULE 6
MATCHES (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES)
Section 1.
Customs rates
Excise
rate
Full
Conven-
tion and
Republic of
Ireland
EEC
£ £ £ £
For every 7,200 matches (and so in
proportion for any less number
ofmatches ) 0.4900 0-5225 0.4900 0-5160
SCHEDULE 7
MECHANICAL LIGHTERS (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES)
Section1.
Customs rates ( per lighter )
Excise rate ( per lighter)
£
0-2000
Full
£
Convention
and
Republic of Ireland
£
0-2250 0-2000
1492 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
Section 19. SCHEDULE 8
SHARE OPTION AND SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
PART I
GENERAL
Profit-sharing schemes
1. Where an acquisition of shares or of an interest in shares in a
body corporate is made as mentioned in subsection (1) of the prin-
cipal section and the acquisition is made in pursuance of such
arrangements as are mentioned in subsection ( 8) of that section,
then, if the arrangements were made or modified after 22nd March
1973, subsections ( 2) (b) and ( 3)( b) of that section shall not be suffici-
ent to exclude the application of subsections ( 4 ) and (7) of that
section unless-
( a ) the arrangements satisfy the condition stated in paragraph
2 below ; and
( b) the shares comply with paragraph 3 of Part II of the prin-
cipal Schedule and satisfy the condition stated in para-
graph 3 below.
2. The condition referred to in paragraph 1(a ) above is that the
arrangements allow every full-time employee of the company con-
cerned who-
(a ) has been a full-time employee of that company for a con-
tinuous period of not less than five years ; and
( b) is chargeable to tax in respect of his employment under
Case I of Schedule E ; and
( c ) is not less than twenty-five years old ;
to acquire shares or interests in shares of the same class on similar
terms.
3. The condition referred to in paragraph 1(b ) above is that the
shares-
( a ) are not subject to such restrictions as will or may result in
the person acquiring the shares or an interest in the shares
obtaining a benefit through an increase, subsequent to the
acquisition, of the value or the value to him of the shares
or interest ; and
( b ) cannot ( whether by one transaction or a series of trans-
actions) be exchanged for or converted into shares which
are subject to such restrictions.
Acquisition of shares on normal terms
4 .- (1) In relation to an acquisition of shares in a body corporate
made after 22nd March 1973 the principal section shall have effect
as if-
( a ) the following were substituted for paragraph ( c ) of sub-
section (2 ) : -
с .51
Finance Act 1973 1493
" ( c ) the acquisition was an acquisition of shares and
either of the following conditions was satisfied immedi-
ately after the acquisition, namely-
( i ) that the shares were not subject to such restric-
tions as are specified in subsection (2A) below,
and were not exchangeable for shares subject
to such restrictions , and the majority of the
available shares of the same class was acquired
otherwise than as mentioned in subsection (1)
above ; or
( ii ) that the shares were not subject to such restric-
tions as are specified in paragraph (a ) or (b) of
subsection (2A ) below, and were not exchange-
able for shares subject to such restrictions, and
the majority of the available shares of the same
class were acquired by persons who were or had
been employees or directors of , or of a body
controlled by, the body in which they were
shares and who were together able as holders
of the shares to control that body.
For the purposes of this paragraph shares in a body
are available shares if they are not held by or for the
benefit of an associated company of that body ; and
shares are exchangeable for other shares if ( whether
by one transaction or a series of transactions) they can
be exchanged for or converted into the other shares " ;
and
( b) the following were inserted after subsection ( 2) : -
66 ( 2A ) The restrictions referred to in subsection (2)
above are-
( a ) restrictions not attaching to all shares of the same
class ; or
( b ) restrictions ceasing or liable to cease at some
time after the acquisition ; or
(c ) restrictions depending on the shares being or
ceasing to be held by directors or employees of
any body corporate (other than such restrictions
imposed by a company's articles of association
as require shares to be disposed of on ceasing
to be so held ) ; " and
66
( c ) in subsection (6 ) ( c ) for the words from any restriction "
to " class " there were substituted the words " such restric-
tions as are specified in subsection ( 2A ) above. "
( 2) Subsection ( 4 ) of the principal section shall not apply, and
shall be deemed never to have applied, to an acquisition of shares
made before 23rd March 1973 if the condition specified in sub-
paragraph ( ii) of subsection (2)( c) (as substituted by sub- paragraph
(1) of this paragraph) was satisfied immediately after the acquisition .
Shares subject to restrictions
5. Subject to paragraph 7 below, in determining for the purposes
of the principal section, the principal Schedule and this Schedule
SCH. 8
1494 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
SCH. 8 (including any valuation made for those purposes) whether shares
which, or interests in which, have been acquired after 18th October
1972 or are acquired or to be acquired by any person are subject
to any restrictions, there shall be regarded as a restriction attaching
to the shares any contract, agreement, arrangement or condition by
which his freedom to dispose of the shares or any interest in them
or to exercise any right conferred by them is restricted or by which
such a disposal or exercise may result in any disadvantages to him
or a person connected with him, except where the restriction is
imposed as a condition of a loan which is not a related loan as
defined by paragraph 6 below.
6.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, a loan made to any
person is a related loan for the purposes of paragraph 5 above if it is
made, arranged, guaranteed or in any way facilitated by the body
corporate of which he is a director or employee, or by an associated
company of that body or, if that body or an associated company of
it is a close company, by any person having a material interest in the
close company ; and a loan made to a person connected with another
person is a related loan for the purposes of paragraph 5 above if it
would be such a loan had it been made to that other person.
( 2) A loan made to a person by the body corporate or associated
company mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) above, or by a person
having such a material interest as is mentioned therein, is not a
related loan for the purposes of paragraph 5 above if the body or
person making the loan carries on a business of making personal
loans and the loan is made in the ordinary course of that business.
7. For the purposes of subsection (2 )( c ) of the principal section,
shares acquired by any person shall not , by virtue of paragraph 5
above, be regarded as subject to any restriction by reason only of
any contract, agreement, arrangement or condition providing for
either or both of the following, that is to say-
( a ) the deposit of the shares with trustees as security for a loan
repayable not later than seven years after the acquisition nor
later than the time when that person ceases to hold the
office or employment by virtue of which he obtained the
right or was given the opportunity to acquire the shares ;
and
( b ) the disposal of the shares, when that person ceases to
hold that office or employment, to a person nominated in
accordance with the contract, agreement, arrangement or
condition ;
if, in the case of sub-paragraph ( a ) above, he acquired the shares at
market value and, in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above, he is
required to dispose of them at a price not exceeding their market
value.
Transitional provisions
8. In so far as paragraphs 5 and 6 above apply in relation to a
share option scheme or share incentive scheme they shall so apply
notwithstanding that the scheme was approved before the com-
Finance Act 1973 1495
с. 51
mencement of this Act ; but in relation to a scheme so approved the
power of the Board under paragraph 4 of Part I of the principal
Schedule to withdraw their approval shall not be exercised by reason
only that by virtue of this paragraph a condition ceases to be satis-
fied, if before 6th April 1974 the scheme is varied so as to satisfy
the condition.
SCH. 8
Minimum price of shares
9. In paragraph 5 of Part IV of the principal Schedule the words
from " and where part of the price " to the end of sub-paragraph ( 1)
and, in sub-paragraph ( 2)( b), the words " and that price " and the
words from " both " to " thereof and " shall be omitted.
PART II
SAVINGS-RELATED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Application of Part II
10. This Part of this Schedule applies to any share incentive
scheme under which directors or employees pay for part of the shares
or interests acquired by them under the scheme, or repay a loan made
to them for the purpose of the acquisition, out of repayments made
to them under a certified contractual savings scheme within the mean-
ing of section 415 of the Taxes Act, and for this purpose a repay-
ment may be taken as either including or as not including a bonus
or interest.
11. In relation to a scheme to which this Part of this Schedule
applies the principal Schedule shall have effect subject to the follow-
ing provisions of this Part of this Schedule.
Participants
12. Paragraph 6 of Part II of the principal Schedule shall have
effect as if at the end there were added the words " and every full-
time employee of that company who is chargeable to tax in respect
of his employment under Case I of Schedule E must be entitled to
participate in the scheme to a reasonable extent if he is not less
than twenty- five years old and has been a full-time employee of that
company for a continuous period of not less than five years ".
Issue of shares
13. Paragraph 5 of Part II of the principal Schedule ( limitation
on issue of shares ) shall not apply and any shares issued under a
scheme to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall be treated
for the purposes of that paragraph as issued otherwise than under a
scheme approved under that Schedule.
Limitation of rights
14. Paragraph 15 below shall apply in lieu of paragraphs 1 to 3
of Part IV of the principal Schedule.
с.51
1496 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 8 15. The acquisition by any person of shares or interests in shares
under the scheme must be so limited that-
( a ) not less than 95 per cent . of the consideration for the acqui-
sition either is payable after the acquisition or is paid out
of a loan which is repayable after the acquisition ; and
( b ) so much of the consideration for the acquisition as is pay-
able after the acquisition or is payable out of a loan must
not exceed the repayment due to that person under the
certified contractual savings scheme out of which it is
payable, the amount of the repayment being taken as the
amount payable at the earliest time at which the maximum
bonus is payable under the contractual savings scheme and
to include that bonus.
Minimum price of shares
16. Paragraph 5(1)(b) of Part IV of the principal Schedule shall
have effect as if for " 80 per cent . " there were substituted " 70 per
cent. ".
Time limit for special restrictions
17. Paragraph 6 of Part IV of the principal Schedule shall have
effect as if for the words " seven years ", in both places, there were
substituted the words " eight years " .
Further conditions for approval
18. The conditions mentioned in paragraph 1 of Part I of the
principal Schedule shall be deemed to include the conditions stated
in paragraphs 19 and 20 below, and the condition stated in para-
graph 4 of Part IV of the principal Schedule shall apply only to the
extent that it does not prevent the condition stated in paragraph 20
below from being satisfied.
19. Subject to paragraph 20 below the scheme must provide for
a participant's contributions under the certified contractual savings
scheme to be payable under arrangements made with the company
of which he is a director or employee and to be of such amounts
as to secure as nearly as may be repayment of the amount required
to discharge his obligation to pay the deferred part of the considera-
tion for the shares or interest acquired by him, or, as the case may
be, to repay the loan made to him for the purpose of the acquisition,
the amount of the repayment under the contractual savings scheme
being taken for this purpose as the amount payable at the earliest
time at which a bonus or the maximum bonus is payable under it
and as either including the bonus or as not including it.
20. A person acquiring shares or an interest in shares under the
scheme must have the right, at the time payment of the deferred
part of the consideration or repayment of the loan is due, to dis-
charge his obligation by surrendering the shares or his interest.
Finance Act 1973 1497
с. 51
Further condition to be complied with by director or employee
21. The conditions specified in Part V of the principal Schedule
shall be deemed to include the condition that the director or em-
ployee must not, while participating in a scheme to which this Part
of this Schedule applies, participate in any share incentive scheme
which is approved under the principal Schedule but to which this
Part of this Schedule does not apply nor in any share option scheme
which is approved under the principal Schedule and to which Part
III of this Schedule does not apply.
Commencement
22. This Part of this Schedule shall come into force on such day
as the Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.
PART III
SAVINGS- RELATED SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
Application of Part III
23. This Part of this Schedule applies to any share option scheme
under which-
( a ) directors and employees pay for the shares acquired by them
in pursuance of rights obtained under the scheme out of
repayments made to them under a certified contractual
savings scheme within the meaning of section 415 of the
Taxes Act ; and
( b ) subject to paragraph 24 below, the rights obtained under
the share option scheme are not capable of being exercised
earlier than at the time when repayments under the certified
contractual savings scheme are due.
24. A right obtained by a director or employee under the share
option scheme may be capable of being exercised earlier than men-
tioned in paragraph 23( b) above if he ceases to hold the office or
employment by virtue of which he is eligible to participate in the
scheme-
( a ) not earlier than three years after obtaining the right, or
(b) by reason of injury, disability, redundancy or death.
25. For the purposes of paragraph 23 above-
( a ) repayment under a certified contractual savings scheme may
be taken as including or as not including a bonus or
interest ; and
( b) the time when repayment is due shall be, where repayment
is taken as including the maximum bonus, the earliest time
at which the maximum bonus is payable and, in any other
case, the earliest time at which a bonus is payable under
the scheme ;
and the question what is to be taken as so included must be required
to be determined at the time when rights under the share option
scheme are obtained.
SCH. 8
1498 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
SCH. 8
1972 с. 41.
26. In relation to a scheme to which this Part of this Schedule
applies the principal Schedule shall have effect subject to the follow-
ing provisions of this Part of this Schedule and section 78 of the
Finance Act 1972 shall have effect as if subsections ( 2) and (3) thereof
were omitted.
Participants
27. Paragraph 6 of Part II of the principal Schedule shall have
effect as if at the end there were added the words " and every full-
time employee of that company who is chargeable to tax in respect
of his employment under Case I of Schedule E must be entitled to
participate in the scheme to a reasonable extent if he is not less than
twenty-five years old and has been a full-time employee of that
company for a continuous period of not less than five years. ".
Issue of shares
28. Paragraph 5 of Part II of the principal Schedule ( limitation
on issue of shares) shall not apply and any shares issued in pursu-
ance of rights conferred under the scheme shall be treated for the
purposes of that paragraph as issued otherwise than in pursuance
of such rights.
Limitation of rights
29. Paragraphs 1 to 3 of Part III of the principal Schedule shall
not apply.
Exercise of rights
30. Paragraph 4 of Part III of the principal Schedule shall have
effect as if for the reference to seven years after a right is obtained
there were substituted a reference to six months after the time which,
under paragraph 25( b) above, is for the purposes of paragraph 23
above the time when repayment is due.
Minimum price of shares
31. Paragraph 6 of Part III of the principal Schedule shall have
effect as if the words " 90 per cent. of " were inserted before the
words " the market value " .
Further condition for approval
32. The conditions mentioned in paragraph 1 of Part I of the
principal Schedule shall be deemed to include the condition that
the scheme must provide for a participant's contributions under the
certified contractual savings scheme to be payable under arrange-
ments made with the company of which he is a director or employee
and to be of such amounts as to secure as nearly as may be repay-
ment of an amount equal to that for which shares may be acquired
in pursuance of rights obtained by him under the share option
scheme ; and for this purpose the amount of the repayment under
the contractual savings scheme shall be determined as mentioned in
paragraph 25 above.
Finance Act 1973 1499
с .51
SCH. 8
Further condition to be complied with by director or employee
33. The conditions specified in Part V of the principal Schedule
shall be deemed to include the condition that the director or employee
must not, while participating in a scheme to which this Part of this
Schedule applies, participate in any share option scheme which is
approved under the principal Schedule but to which this Part of this
Schedule does not apply nor in any share incentive scheme which is
approved under the principal Schedule and to which Part II of this
Schedule does not apply.
Commencement
34. This Part of this Schedule shall come into force on such day
as the Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.
PART IV
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
35. Paragraphs 6 to 9 of Part VII of the principal Schedule shall
apply as if this Schedule were part of that Schedule.
36. In this Schedule " the principal section " means section 79 of
the Finance Act 1972 and " the principal Schedule " means Schedule 1972 c. 41 .
12 to that Act.
SCHEDULE 9
APPORTIONMENT OF INCOME ETC. OF CLOSE COMPANIES
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF FINANCE ACT 1972, SCHEDULE 16
1.- (1) Paragraph 5 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972
( income tax consequences of apportionment of income of close
companies) shall be amended, subject to paragraph 8 below, in
accordance with this paragraph.
( 2 ) In sub -paragraph ( 6 ) ( subsequent distribution to an individual
of income previously apportioned to him to be deemed not to form
part of his total income) for the words " total income " there shall
be substituted the words " income for the purposes of excess
liability " .
( 3) At the end of sub-paragraph ( 6 ) there shall be inserted the
following sub -paragraph : -
" ( 6A ) In sub- paragraph (6) above ' excess liability ' means
the excess of liability to income tax over what it would be if
all income tax were chargeable at the basic rate to the exclusion
of any other rate ".
( 4 ) In sub-paragraph ( 7) ( certain amounts specified in paragraph
5 to be taken to consist of the aggregate of the amount concerned
and a further sum corresponding to advance corporation tax
thereon ) in paragraph (c ) the word " total " shall be omitted.
Section 21 .
1500 Finance Act 1973
c .51
SCH. 9
1972 с. 41 .
2.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, in the application of
paragraph 7 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ( consequences
of apportionment : advance corporation tax) to a close company
which was in liquidation on 6th April 1973, sub-paragraph (6) of
that paragraph ( the excess of the apportioned amount which remains
after making certain deductions to be recoverable as if it were
advance corporation tax) shall be omitted.
( 2 ) If at any time the winding-up of a close company which was
in liquidation on 6th April 1973 ceases to be proceeded with, sub-
paragraph (1) above shall not apply with respect to any accounting
period ending at a time when the company is no longer being
wound up.
( 3 ) For the purposes of this paragraph a company is in liquidation
on 6th April 1973 if , as a result of its being wound up, the new
accounting period referred to in section 247( 7) of the Taxes Act
( commencement of new accounting period where a company is
wound up ) began before that date and the winding-up was not com-
pleted on or before that date.
3. After paragraph 10 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972
there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
66 10A .- (1 ) For the purpose of determining whether there
is any such excess as is referred to in paragraph 1( 2) above,
no account shall be taken of a distribution which, in relation
to the company making it, is a distribution by virtue only of
paragraph (c ) of section 233( 2) of the Taxes Act ( bonus redeem-
able share capital and bonus securities) unless-
( a ) it is made to a person other than a close company, or
( b ) it is made to a close company and the share capital
or security of which it consists is subsequently dis-
tributed, by that or any other close company, by a
distribution falling within paragraph (b) of section
84 ( 4) of this Act to a person other than a close
company.
( 2) Where such a distribution as is referred to in sub-para-
graph (1) above has occurred (in this sub-paragraph referred
to as a ' bonus distribution ' ) and, by virtue of paragraph (a)
or paragraph (b ) of that sub-paragraph, the bonus distribution
falls to be taken into account for the purpose of determining
whether there is any such excess as is referred to in paragraph
1( 2 ) above, no account shall be taken for that purpose of a
qualifying distribution which consists of the repayment of the
share capital or, as the case may be, the principal of the
security, which constituted the bonus distribution. "
4.- (1) Paragraph 12 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972
( certain sums regarded as income of acompany available for distribu-
tion and not as having been applied, or as being applicable, to the
requirements of the company's business) shall be amended in accord-
ance with this paragraph .
Finance Act 1973 1501
с.51
( 2 ) At the end of sub - paragraph (1) there shall be inserted the
words " and
( d ) in the case of a company which is neither a trading company
nor a member of a trading group, any sum expended or
applied, or available to be expended or applied , out of
the income of the company in or towards the acquisition
of an estate or interest in land, or the construction or
extension of a building, not being a construction or exten-
sion which constitutes an improvement or development of
farm land or market garden land ".
( 3) After sub-paragraph ( 2) there shall be inserted the following
sub-paragraph :
" ( 2A ) In relation to any loan capital or debt mentioned in
sub-paragraph ( 1) ( c) above which was issued or incurred by the
company for money borrowed by it for the purpose of financing
expenditure on any acquisition, construction or extension falling
within sub -paragraph (1)(d ) above, the expression ' loan creditor '
in sub- paragraph ( 1)( c ) above shall be construed as if, in the
definition of that expression in section 303(7 ) of the Taxes Act,
the proviso ( which has the effect of excluding banks) were
omitted".
( 4) This paragraph has effect in relation to sums expended or
applied, or available to be expended or applied, after 23rd March
1973, except where the acquisition, construction or extension con-
cerned is made in pursuance of a contract entered into on or before
thatdate.
PART II
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
5.- (1) The provisions of this paragraph shall apply if-
(a ) franked investment income (within the meaning of section
240 of the Taxes Act) forms part of the distributable profits
of a close company for an accounting period which ends
on or after 6th October 1971 and before 6th April 1973
( in this paragraph referred to as " the relevant accounting
period ") ;
( b) the total of the distributions of the company for the relevant
accounting period determined as at the beginning of 6th
April 1973 falls short of the required standard, as deter-
mined under section 290 of the Taxes Act ; and
( c ) on or after 6th April 1973 a dividend is paid which falls
to be included in the distributions of the company for the
relevant accounting period.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, for the purpose of deter-
mining in a case where this paragraph applies whether there is a
shortfall in the company's distributions for the relevant accounting
period, the company's distributable investment income for that
period , as determined under section 291( 3) of the Taxes Act, shall
be reduced by a sum equal to whichever is the less of-
( a ) 30 per cent. of the amount by which the franked investment
income included in that distributable investment income
SCH. 9
1502 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
SCH. 9
1971 с. 68.
exceeds the total of the company's distributions referred to
in sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) above ; and
( b ) ths of the total of the dividends paid on or after 6th April
1973 which fall within sub-paragraph ( 1)( c) above.
( 3) For the purpose of sub-paragraph ( 2) above, the franked invest-
ment income included in a company's distributable investment
income for the relevant accounting period means the amount of
the franked investment income which, by virtue of subsection ( 2)( a)
of section 291 of the Taxes Act, is included in the company's
distributable profits for that period, less-
( a ) the amount which, by virtue of paragraph (a ) or paragraph
( b) of subsection (3) of that section, is deducted from the
distributable income of the company for the relevant
accounting period in determining its distributable invest-
ment income, and
( b) any amount of that franked investment income which, by
virtue only of subsection ( 2 ) of section 25 of the Finance
Act 1971 (companies carrying on insurance, banking, money
lending and investment businesses etc. ), is treated as estate
or trading income in arriving at the required standard as
mentioned in that subsection.
( 4 ) If , in a case where this paragraph applies, the close company
concerned is neither a trading company nor a member of a trading
group and the required standard for the relevant accounting period ,
as determined under section 290 of the Taxes Act, is equal to so
much of the company's distributable income for the relevant account-
ing period as is not attributable to estate or trading income, sub-
paragraphs ( 2) and (3) above shall have effect as if-
(a ) for any reference to the company's distributable investment
income there were substituted a reference to the required
standard ;
( b ) for the reference in sub-paragraph ( 2) to section 291(3) of
the Taxes Act there were substituted a reference to section
290 of that Act ; and
( c ) in sub-paragraph ( 3) the word " less " and paragraphs (a )
and ( b) were omitted .
( 5 ) In any case where, for the purpose specified in sub-paragraph
( 2 ) above, a company's distributable investment income or the
required standard itself is reduced by virtue of sub-paragraphs ( 2)
to ( 4) above, the reduction shall have effect also for the purposes of
the other provisions of Chapter III of Part XI of the Taxes Act
relating to shortfalls in the distributions of a close company other
than section 298( 2) of that Act (power of Board, if they see fit, to
make a surtax apportionment of the whole of a non-trading com-
pany's income up to the amount of the required standard ).
( 6) Expressions used in this paragraph have the same meanings as
in the provisions of Chapter III of Part XI of the Taxes Act relating
to shortfalls in the distribution of a close company.
Finance Act 1973 1503
c. 51
6.- (1) In any case where franked investment income received by
SCH. 9
aclose company before 6th April 1973 forms part of the distributable
profits of the company for an accounting period which begins before
6th April 1973 and ends after 5th April 1973 (in this paragraph
referred to as a " straddling period ") the provisions of this paragraph
shall apply, subject to paragraph 7 below, in determining the com-
pany's relevant income for the straddling period.
( 2) If the whole of the company's relevant income for the straddling
period falls to be apportioned by virtue of paragraph 2 of Schedule
16 to the Finance Act 1972, then for the purpose of that apportion- 1972 с. 41 .
ment , but not otherwise, the company's distributable investment
income for that period, as determined under Part II of that Schedule,
shall be reduced by a sum equal to 30 per cent . of the amount of
the franked investment income included in that distributable invest-
ment income.
( 3 ) If the franked investment income falling within sub- paragraph
(1) above exceeds the total of the company's distributions for the
straddling period which are paid or made in such part of that period
as falls before 6th April 1973, then except, in a case where sub-
paragraph ( 2) above applies, for the purpose of the apportionment
referred to in that sub-paragraph, the company's distributable invest-
ment income for that period, as determined under Part II of the
said Schedule 16, shall be reduced by a sum equal to 30 per cent.
of the amount by which the franked investment income included
in that distributable investment income exceeds the total of those of
the company's distributions for that period which are so paid or made.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph the franked investment
income included in a company's distributable investment income for
the straddling period means the amount of the franked investment
income falling within sub-paragraph (1) above which, by virtue of
paragraph 10 of the said Schedule 16, forms part of the company's
distributable profits for that period less-
( a ) the amount which, by virtue of paragraph ( a ) or paragraph
( b) of sub-paragraph ( 3) of the said paragraph 10, is
deducted from the distributable income of the company for
that period in determining its distributable investment in-
come, and
( b ) any amount of that franked investment income which, by
virtue only of sub-paragraph ( 5 ) of the said paragraph 10
( companies carrying on insurance, banking, money lend-
ing and investment businesses etc. ), is treated as estate or
trading income in arriving at the company's relevant income
as mentioned in that sub-paragraph.
( 5) References in this paragraph to franked investment income
( being references to such income received before 6th April 1973)
shall be construed in accordance with section 240 of the Taxes Act,
and other expressions used in this paragraph have the same meanings
as in Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972.
7.- (1 ) If, in a case where paragraph 6 above applies , -
( a ) the close company concerned is neither a trading company
nor a member of a trading group, and
с .51
1504 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 9
1972 с. 41 .
( b ) the company's relevant income for the straddling period, as
determined under paragraph 8 of Schedule 16 to the
Finance Act 1972, is equal to so much of the company's
distributable income for that period as is not attributable to
estate or trading income,
paragraph 6 above shall have effect subject to the following pro-
visions of this paragraph.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, where sub-paragraph ( 1)
above applies, -
( a ) for any reference in paragraph 6 above to the company's
distributable investment income there shall be substituted
a reference to its relevant income ; and
( b) in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) of that paragraph, the word " less "
and paragraphs (a ) and (b) shall be omitted.
( 3) If, in relation to a close company, paragraph (b ) of paragraph
2( 2) of Schedule 23 to the Finance Act 1972 (restriction on advance
corporation tax available for set-off in transitional period) has effect
as set out in paragraph 5( 1) of that Schedule ( modifications in
relation to close companies in certain cases) then, notwithstanding
that paragraph 6 above applies in relation to that company subject
to the modifications in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above, in determining for
the purposes of the said paragraph (b) ( but not for any other purpose)
the amount which is to be taken, in accordance with paragraph 9 of
Schedule 16 to that Act, as the company's relevant income for the
straddling period or any part of that period, sub-paragraph ( 2) above
shall not apply.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " straddling period" has the same meaning
as in paragraph 6 above and sub -paragraph ( 5 ) of that paragraph
shall apply in relation to this paragraph as it applies in relation to
that .
8. If, in a case where sub-paragraph (6 ) of paragraph 5 of Schedule
16 to the Finance Act 1972 applies (subsequent distribution to an
individual of income of a close company which has been previously
apportioned to him to be deemed not to form part of his total
income ), -
( a ) the later accounting period referred to in that sub-paragraph
is an accounting period which begins before 6th April 1973
and ends after 5th April 1973, and
(b ) the distribution of apportioned income referred to in that
sub-paragraph is made before 6th April 1973,
the amendments of the said paragraph 5 effected by sub- paragraphs
( 2) and (3) of paragraph 1 above shall not have effect but the said
sub-paragraph ( 6 ) shall have effect as if for the words " total
income " there were substituted the words " income for the purposes
of surtax ".
9.- (1) In any case where-
( a ) the amount of advance corporation tax actually paid by a
close company in respect of distributions made in that part
of a straddling period following 5th April 1973 exceeds the
Finance Act 1973 1505
c. 51
amount of advance corporation tax which, by virtue of
SCH. 9
paragraph 1 of Schedule 23 to the Finance Act 1972, the 1972 c. 41 .
company is treated as having paid for the purposes of
section 85 of that Act, and
( b ) the company makes a claim in that behalf,
then, for the purpose of determining the distributable income of the
company for the straddling period, the amount of any profits on which
corporation tax for that period falls finally to be borne ( which, under
paragraph 10(2) of Schedule 16 to that Act, is one of the amounts
comprised in the company's distributable profits ) shall be treated as
reduced by an amount equal to the excess referred to in paragraph
( a ) above.
( 2) If, in a case where paragraph 7 of Schedule 23 to the Finance
Act 1972 applies in relation to a close company instead of sub-
paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule, -
( a ) the amount of advance corporation tax actually paid by the
company in respect of distributions made in an accounting
period which includes the whole or any fraction of the
second part of the notional straddling period exceeds the
amount of advance corporation tax which, by virtue of the
said paragraph 7, the company is treated for the purposes
of section 85 of that Act as having paid in respect of
distributions in that accounting period, and
( b ) the company makes a claim in that behalf,
then, for the purpose of determining the distributable income of the
company for any accounting period falling within paragraph ( a)
above, the amount of any profits on which corporation tax for that
period falls finally to be borne ( which, under paragraph 10( 2) of
Schedule 16 to that Act, is one of the amounts comprised in the
company's distributable profits ) shall be treated as reduced by an
amount equal to the excess referred to in paragraph ( a) above.
( 3) In this paragraph " distributable income " and " distributable
profits " have the meanings assigned to them by paragraph 10( 2) of
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ; in sub-paragraph ( 1) above
" straddling period " has the same meaning as in paragraph 6 above ;
and in sub-paragraph (2) above " the second part of the notional
straddling period " has the same meaning as in paragraph 7 of
Schedule 23 to the Finance Act 1972.
SCHEDULE 10
DISTRIBUTIONS TO EXEMPT FUNDS, ETC.
1. In this Schedule " the principal section " means section 22 of
Section 22.
thisAct.
2. For the purposes of the principal section two or more holdings
are associated if they were acquired by persons acting in concert
or under arrangements made by any person.
3. For the purposes of the principal section there shall be
attributed-
( a ) to the distributions made by a company at any time ( whether
or not later than 5th April 1973) in respect of any class
Part II 2 B
1506 Finance Act 1973
с . 51
SCH. 10 of shares, securities or rights such of its relevant profits
arising after the date of acquisition and before that time
as remain after allowing for earlier distributions made in
respect of that or any other class of shares, securities or
rights, and for distributions made at or to be made after
that time in respect of other classes of shares, securities
or rights ; and
( b ) to any part of a distribution made at any time to which
a person is entitled by virtue of any part of his holding
of any class of shares, securities or rights, such proportion
of the profits attributable under sub-paragraph ( a ) above
to the distributions made at that time in respect of that
class as corresponds to that part of his holding.
4. For the purposes of paragraph 3 above profits arising in part
of an accounting period shall be taken to be a proportionate part
of the profits arising in the whole of the accounting period except
where a different method of arriving at the profits arising in that
part can be shown to be fair and reasonable.
5. For the purposes of this Schedule the relevant profits of a
company are, subject to paragraph 6 below, its profits computed
on a commercial basis after allowing for any provision properly
made for corporation tax ; and the computation shall be made without
regard to any capital gains or losses or to any such amount as is
mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) of the principal section, and-
( a ) shall include franked investment income received from any
company not related to the first-mentioned company ; and
(b) shall exclude group income and franked investment income
received from a company related to the first-mentioned
company.
6. There shall be treated as included in the relevant profits of a
company the appropriate portion of the relevant profits of any
company related to it.
7. For the purposes of this Schedule a company ( in this paragraph
referred to as "the owned company") is related to another company
(in this paragraph referred to as "the owning company" ) if-
( a ) the owning company owns not less than 10 per cent. of
any one class of shares in the owned company ; or
( b) any company related to the owning company owns not less
than 10 per cent. of any one class of shares in the owned
company ;
and the appropriate proportion of the relevant profits of a related
company is that proportion of those profits which the owning com-
pany would receive by virtue of the shares, securities or rights
owned by it, if all the relevant profits of the owned company were
distributed and, so far as received directly or indirectly by a com-
pany related to the owning company, were distributed by that
related company, no account being taken of any profits arising at
a time when the owned company was not related to the owning
company.
Finance Act 1973 1507
c. 51
SCHEDULE 11
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO TAX AVOIDANCE
Section 25.
1.- (1) For subsection (4 ) of section 460 of the Taxes Act
( cancellation of tax advantage) there shall be substituted the following
subsections : -
" (4) Where, by virtue of an assessment under subsection (3)
above to counteract a tax advantage obtained in circumstances
falling within paragraph D or paragraph E of section 461 below
and consisting of the avoidance of a charge to income tax,
income tax has been paid by any person on an amount specified
in the assessment and it appears to the Board that, as a result of
that payment, it is just and reasonable in the circumstances that
an amount should be treated as having been paid by way of
advance corporation tax, the Board shall serve a notice in writing
under subsection ( 4A ) below on every company which appears
to them to be concerned in the transaction or transactions in
consequence of which the tax advantage was obtained.
( 4A ) A notice under this subsection-
( a) shall provide that, for the purposes of section 85 of the
Finance Act 1972 ( but not for the purposes of entitling 1972 c.
41 .any person to a tax credit under section 86 thereof),
such company or each of such companies as may be
specified in the notice is to be treated as having paid,
on such date as may be so specified, such amount of
advance corporation tax as may be so specified in
relation to that company ;
(b) shall specify the amount which is equal to income tax at
the basic rate on the amount on which income tax
has been paid as mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) above ;
and
(c) may contain such supplementary or incidental directions
as appear to the Board to be appropriate ;
but the total amount of advance corporation tax which, by
virtue of paragraph (a ) above, a notice under this subsection
may treat as having been paid shall not exceed the amount
specified in accordance with paragraph (b) above .
( 4B ) If , in a case falling within subsection ( 4 ) above, it does
not appear to the Board that any amount should be treated as
having been paid by way of advance corporation tax, the Board
shall serve on every company which appears to them to be
concerned in the transaction or transactions in consequence of
which the tax advantage was obtained a notice in writing inform-
ing the company of the Board's decision that no amount is to
be treated as having been paid by way of advance corporation
tax . "
( 2) This paragraph has effect with respect to consideration received
after 5th April 1973 and, where the circumstances in which the tax
advantage is obtained fall within sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph E
of section 461 of the Taxes Act, with respect to the repayment after
that date of share capital received on or before that date.
Part II 2B2
1508 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
SCH. 11
1972 с. 41 .
1970 с. 9.
2. In section 461 of the Taxes Act, paragraph Ashall be amended
as follows : -
( a ) for the words " being entitled by reason of" there shall be
substituted the words " receives an abnormal amount by
way of dividend, and the amount so received is taken into
account for any of the following purposes " ; and
( b) at the end of paragraph ( c ) there shall be added the words
"or
( d ) the application of franked investment income in
calculating a company's liability to pay advance corpora-
tion tax, or
( e) the application of a surplus of franked investment
income under section 254 or section 255 of this Act, or
( f ) the computation of profits or gains out of which are
made payments falling within section 52 or section 53
of this Act, or
( g) the deduction from or set-off against income of
interest under section 75 of the Finance Act 1972 " ; and
( c ) the words from " to recover tax " to the end of the paragraph
shall be omitted.
3.- (1 ) After section 462 of the Taxes Act there shall be inserted
the following section : -
“ 462A.- ( 1 ) A company on which a notice has been served
under subsection ( 4A ) or subsection ( 4B) of section 460 above
may within thirty days by notice to the Board appeal to the
Special Commissioners on the ground that it is just and reason-
able in the circumstances that the company should be treated, for
the purposes specified in the said subsection ( 4A ), as having
paid an amount of advance corporation tax or, as the case may
require, a greater amount of advance corporation tax than is
specified in the notice.
( 2) Notwithstanding that a company on which a notice has
been served as mentioned in subsection (1) above has made no
appeal under that subsection, the company-
(a ) shall be entitled, to the same extent as the appellant, to
receive notice of, and to appear and be heard in, any
proceedings arising from the notice under subsection ( 1)
above, whether the proceedings are before the Special
Commissioners, by way of further appeal or otherwise ;
( b) if it does appear, shall be treated as a party to the
proceedings and as having the same rights in respect of
those proceedings and any decision made therein as
the appellant ; and
( c ) whether or not it so appears, shall be bound by any
order made in any such proceedings ;
and no agreement under section 54 of the Taxes Management
Act 1970 (settling of appeals by agreement ) shall have effect
Finance Act 1973 1509
c . 51
except with the consent of each company which, by virtue of this subsection, would have been entitled to appear and be heard
on the appeal if it had been proceeded with.
( 3) On an appeal under subsection (1) above, the Special
Commissioners-
( a ) may cancel or vary any notice served under section
460( 4A) above, or
( b ) if no such notice was served, may by order make any
provison which could have been made by the Board in
such a notice. "
(2 ) This paragraph has effect on and after 6th April 1973 .
SCH. 11
4.- (1) In section 466 of the Taxes Act (meaning of " tax
advantage " )
( a ) in subsection (1) after the words " avoidance or reduction
of " there shall be inserted the words " a charge to tax or " ;
and
( b) subsection (2) (which relates to income tax for which a
company had to account under section 232(2) of the Taxes
Act) shall cease to have effect.
( 2) This paragraph has effect for the year 1973-74 and subsequent
years of assessment.
5.- (1) In section 467 of the Taxes Act ( interpretation), in sub-
section ( 1), after the words " references to dividends include refer-
ences there shall be inserted the words " to other qualifying dis-
tributions (as defined in section 84( 4) of the Finance Act 1972) and ". 1972 с. 41 .
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) of that section, in paragraph ( b) (amount
received by way of dividend to be treated as abnormal if it sub-
stantially exceeds a normal return on the price paid for the securities)
66
for the words price paid for the securities " there shall be
substituted the words " consideration provided by the recipient for
the relevant securities, that is to say, the securities in respect of which
the dividend was received and, if those securities are derived from
securities previously acquired by the recipient, the securities which
were previously acquired ; and for the purposes of this paragraph-
(i ) if the consideration provided by the recipient for any of the
relevant securities was in excess of their market value at
the time he acquired them, or if no consideration was
provided by him for any of the relevant securities, the
recipient shall be taken to have provided for those securities
consideration equal to their market value at the time he
acquired them ; and
(ii ) in determining whether an amount received by way of
dividend exceeds a normal return, regard shall be had
to the length of time previous to the receipt of that amount
that the recipient first acquired any of the relevant securities
and to any dividends and other distributions made in
respect of them during that time ".
Part II 2B-3
1510 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
SCH . 11
1972 с. 41 .
6. In subsection (6 ) of section 471 of the Taxes Act ( definitions
relating to provisions about purchase and sale of securities), -
( a ) in paragraph ( a ) for the word " dividend " there shall be
substituted the words " qualifying distribution and any
dividend which is not a qualifying distribution, and in apply-
ing references to interest in relation to a qualifying
distribution ' gross interest ' means the qualifying distribution
together with the tax credit to which the recipient of the
distribution is entitled in respect of it and ' net interest '
means the qualifying distribution exclusive of any such tax
credit" ; and
( b ) at the end of the subsection there shall be added the words
" and in paragraph ( a ) above ' qualifying distribution ' and
' tax credit ' have the same meanings as in Part V of the
Finance Act 1972 " .
7. At the end of section 474 of the Taxes Act (application of
provisions about purchase and sale of securities to persons other
than dealers in securities) there shall be added the following
subsection : -
"(3) In applying references in this section to interest in
relation to a qualifying distribution, references to any tax paid
on or in respect of an amount shall be construed as references
to so much of any related tax credit as is attributable to that
amount ; and for this purpose ' related tax credit ', in relation
to an amount, means the tax credit to which, under section 86
of the Finance Act 1972, the recipient of the distribution of
which that amount is a proportion is entitled. "
8. In section 477 of the Taxes Act ( manufactured dividends :
treatment of tax deducted )
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words " Schedule 9 to this Act "
there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 20 to the
Finance Act 1972 " ;
( b ) in subsection (6 ) (interpretation ), for the word " dividend "
there shall be substituted the words " qualifying distribution,
as defined in section 84 ( 4) of the Finance Act 1972, and
any dividend which does not fall within that definition " ;
and
( c ) at the end of subsection ( 6 ) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" (6A ) In the application of this section in a case
where the references in subsection ( 1) above to a
periodical payment of interest are construed as references
to a qualifying distribution, subsection ( 2) above shall
be omitted. "
Finance Act 1973 1511
с. 51
SCHEDULE 12
GROUP RELIEF
PART I
PROFITS OR ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION
1 .- (1) For the purposes of section 28 of this Act and this Schedule,
an equity holder of a company is any person who-
( a ) holds ordinary shares in the company, or
( b ) is a loan creditor of the company in respect of a loan
which is not a normal commercial loan,
and any reference in that section to profits or assets available for
distribution to a company's equity holders does not include a
reference to any profits or assets available for distribution to any
equity holder otherwise than as an equity holder.
( 2 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)( a) above " ordinary
shares " means all shares other than fixed- rate preference shares .
( 3) In this Schedule " fixed-rate preference shares " means shares
which-
(a ) are issued for consideration which is or includes new con-
sideration ; and
( b ) do not carry any right either to conversion into shares or
securities of any other description or to the acquisition of
any additional shares or securities ; and
( c ) do not carry any right to dividends other than dividends
which-
(i) are of a fixed amount or at a fixed rate per cent . of
the nominal value of the shares, and
( ii) represent no more than a reasonable commercial
return on the new consideration received by the company
in respect of the issue of the shares ; and
( d ) on repayment do not carry any rights to an amount ex-
ceeding that new consideration except in so far as those
rights are reasonably comparable with those general for
fixed dividend shares listed in the Official List of The Stock
Exchange.
( 4 ) Section 303(7) of the Taxes Act (definition of " loan creditor "
for purposes of provisions relating to close companies) shall apply
for the purposes of sub- paragraph ( 1 )( b) above as it applies for the
purposes of the Chapter specified therein, except that the proviso
( which has the effect of excluding banks ) shall be omitted.
( 5 ) In sub-paragraph (1) (b) above " normal commercial loan "
means a loan of or including new consideration and-
( a ) which does not carry any right either to conversion into
shares or securities of any other description or to the
acquisition of additional shares or securities ; and
Part II 2 B4
Section 28.
1512 Finance Act 1973
с . 51
SCH . 12 ( b) which does not entitle the loan creditor to any amount by way
of interest which depends to any extent on the results of
the company's business or any part of it or on the value of
any of the company's assets or which exceeds a reasonable
commercial return on the new consideration lent ; and
( c ) in respect of which the loan creditor is entitled, on repay-
ment, to an amount which either does not exceed the new
consideration lent or is reasonably comparable with the
amount generally repayable (in respect of an equal amount
of new consideration) under the terms of issue of securities
listed in the Official List of The Stock Exchange.
( 6 ) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraphs (1) to ( 5) above
but subject to sub- paragraph (7) below, where-
( a ) any person has, directly or indirectly, provided new con-
sideration for any shares or securities in the company, and
( b ) that person, or any person connected with him, uses for
the purposes of his trade assets which belong to the com-
pany and in respect of which there is made to the company
any of the allowances specified in paragraphs ( a) to ( d ) of
section 31 (6) of this Act (substituting, for this purpose, a
reference to the company for any reference in those para-
graphs to the partnership),
then, for the purposes of this Schedule, that person, and no other,
shall be treated as being an equity holder in respect of those shares
or securities and as being beneficially entitled to any distribution of
profits or assets attributable to those shares or securities .
( 7 ) In any case where sub-paragraph ( 6) above applies in relation
to a bank in such circumstances that-
(a ) the only new consideration provided by the bank as men-
tioned in paragraph (a ) of that sub-paragraph is provided
in the normal course of its banking business by way of a
normal commercial loan as defined in sub-paragraph (5)
above ; and
( b) the cost to the company concerned of the assets falling within
paragraph (b) of that sub-paragraph which are used as men-
tioned in that paragraph by the bank or a person connected
with the bank is less than the amount of that new con-
sideration,
references in sub -paragraph ( 6 ) above, other than the reference in
paragraph (a) thereof, to shares or securities in the company shall
be construed as a reference to so much only of the loan referred to in
paragraph (a) above as is equal to the cost referred to in paragraph
( b ) above.
( 8) In this paragraph " new consideration " has the same meaning
as in Part X of the Taxes Act and any question whether one person
is connected with another shall be determined in accordance with
section 533 of that Act.
Finance Act 1973 1513
c . 51
2. (1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this
Schedule, for the purposes of section 28 of this Act, the percentage
to which one company is beneficially entitled of any profits avail-
able for distribution to the equity holders of another company means
the percentage to which the first company would be so entitled in
the relevant accounting period on a distribution in money to those
equity holders of-
( a ) an amount of profits equal to the total profits of the other
company which arise in that accounting period ( whether or
not any of those profits are in fact distributed), or
( b ) if there are no profits of the other company in that account-
ing period, profits of £100,
and in the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, that
distribution is referred to as " the profit distribution " .
( 2 ) For the purposes of the profit distribution, it shall be assumed
that no payment is made by way of repayment of share capital or of
the principal secured by any loan unless that payment is a
distribution.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) above, where an equity holder is
entitled as such to a payment of any description which, apart from
this sub- paragraph, would not be treated as a distribution, it shall
nevertheless be treated as an amount to which he is entitled on the
profit distribution.
3.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this
Schedule, for the purposes of section 28 of this Act the percentage
to which one company would be beneficially entitled of any assets
of another company available for distribution to its equity holders
on a winding-up means the percentage to which the first company
would be so entitled if the other company were to be wound up
and on that winding-up the value of the assets available for distri-
bution to its equity holders (that is to say, after deducting any
liabilities to other persons) were equal to
( a ) the excess, if any, of the total amount of the assets of the
company, as shown in the balance sheet relating to its affairs
as at the end of the relevant accounting period, over the
total amount of those of its liabilities as so shown which are
not liabilities to equity holders as such, or
( b ) if there is no such excess or if the company's balance sheet
is prepared to a date other than the end of the relevant
accounting period, £100.
( 2 ) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a
winding-up on the basis specified in sub-paragraph (1) above is
referred to as "the notional winding-up ".
( 3) If , on the notional winding-up, an equity holder would be
entitled as such to an amount of assets of any description which,
apart from this sub-paragraph, would not be treated as a distribution
of assets, it shall nevertheless be treated, subject to sub-paragraph (4)
below, as an amount to which the equity holder is entitled on the
distribution of assets on the notional winding-up.
SCH. 12
1514 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
SCH. 12 ( 4 ) If an amount (in this sub-paragraph referred to as " the
returned amount ") which corresponds to the whole or any part
of the new consideration provided by an equity holder of a company
for any shares or securities in respect of which he is an equity
holder is applied by the company, directly or indirectly, in the
making of a loan to, or in the acquisition of any shares or securities
in , the equity holder or any person connected with him, then, for
the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, -
( a ) the total amount referred to in sub-paragraph (1) ( a) above
shall be taken to be reduced by a sum equal to the returned
amount ; and
( b) the amount of assets to which the equity holder is bene-
ficially entitled on the notional winding-up shall be taken
to be reduced by a sum equal to the returned amount.
( 5 ) In sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above " new consideration " has the same
meaning as in Part X of the Taxes Act and any question whether
one person is connected with another shall be determined in accord-
ance with section 533 of that Act.
4.- (1) This paragraph applies if any of the equity holders-
( a ) to whom the profit distribution is made, or
( b ) who is entitled to participate in the notional winding-up,
holds, as such an equity holder, any shares or securities which
carry rights in respect of dividend or interest or assets on a winding-up
which are wholly or partly limited by reference to a specified amount
or amounts ( whether the limitation takes the form of the capital by
reference to which a distribution is calculated or operates by
reference to an amount of profits or assets or otherwise ).
( 2 ) Where this paragraph applies, there shall be determined-
( a) the percentage of profits to which, on the profit distribution,
the first company referred to in paragraph 2(1) above
would be entitled, and
( b ) the percentage of assets to which, on the notional winding-
up, the first company referred to in paragraph 3(1) above
would be entitled,
if , to the extent that they are limited as mentioned in sub- paragraph
( 1) above, the rights of every equity holder falling within that sub-
paragraph (including the first company concerned if it is such an
equity holder) had been waived.
( 3) If , on the profit distribution, the percentage of profits deter-
mined as mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2)(a) above is less than the
percentage of profits determined under paragraph 2(1) above with-
out regard to that sub-paragraph, the lesser percentage shall be
taken for the purposes of section 28 of this Act to be the percentage
of profits to which, on the profit distribution, the first company
referred to in paragraph 2(1) above would be entitled as mentioned
in that paragraph .
c . 51
Finance Act 1973 1515
( 4 ) If , on the notional winding- up, the percentage of assets deter-
mined as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(b) above is less than the
percentage of assets determined under paragraph 3(1) above without
regard to that sub-paragraph, the lesser percentage shall be taken for
the purposes of section 28 of this Act to be the percentage to which,
on the notional winding-up, the first company referred to in para-
graph 3(1) above would be entitled of any assets of the other com-
pany available for distribution to its equity holders on a winding-up.
5.- (1 ) This paragraph applies if , at any time in the relevant
accounting period, any of the equity holders-
( a ) to whom the profit distribution is made, or
(b ) who is entitled to participate in the notional winding-up,
holds, as such an equity holder, any shares or securities which carry
rights in respect of dividend or interest or assets on a winding-up
which are of such a nature (as, for example, if any shares will cease
to carry a right to a dividend at a future time ) that if the profit
distribution or the notional winding-up were to take place in a
different accounting period the percentage to which, in accordance
with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, that equity
holder would be entitled of profits on the profit distribution or of
assets on the notional winding-up would be different from the
percentage determined in the relevant accounting period.
( 2 ) Where this paragraph applies, there shall be determined-
(a ) the percentage of profits to which, on the profit distribu-
tion , the first company referred to in paragraph 2(1) above
would be entitled, and
( b ) the percentage of assets to which, on the notional winding-
up, the first company referred to in paragraph 3(1) above
would be entitled,
if the rights of the equity holders in the relevant accounting period
were the same as they would be in the different accounting period
referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1) above.
( 3) If in the relevant accounting period an equity holder holds,
as such, any shares or securities in respect of which arrangements
exist by virtue of which, in that or any subsequent accounting period,
the equity holder's entitlement to profits on the profit distribution or
to assets on the notional winding-up could be different as compared
with his entitlement if effect were not given to the arrangements, then
for the purposes of this paragraph-
( a ) it shall be assumed that effect would be given to those
arrangements in a later accounting period, and
(b ) those shares or securities shall be treated as though any
variation in the equity holder's entitlement to profits or
assets resulting from giving effect to the arrangements were
the result of the operation of such rights attaching to the
shares or securities as are referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1)
above.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs (3) and ( 4 ) of paragraph 4 above shall apply
for the purposes of this paragraph as they apply for the purposes
SCH. 12
с .51
1516 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 12 of that paragraph and, accordingly, references therein to sub-para-
graphs ( 2)(a) and ( 2)( b) of that paragraph shall be construed as
references to sub-paragraphs (2)(a) and (2) (b) of this paragraph.
( 5 ) In any case where paragraph 4 above applies as well as this
paragraph , paragraph 4 above shall be applied separately (in relation
to the profit distribution and the notional winding-up) -
(a ) on the basis specified in sub-paragraph ( 2) above, and
( b) without regard to that sub-paragraph,
and sub-paragraphs ( 3) and ( 4 ) of paragraph 4 above shall apply
accordingly in relation to the percentages so determined as if for the
word " lesser " there were substituted the word " lowest ".
6. For the purposes of section 28 of this Act and paragraphs 2
to 5 above-
( a) the percentage to which one company is beneficially entitled
of any profits available for distribution to the equity holders
of another company, and
( b) the percentage to which one company would be beneficially
entitled of any assets of another company on a winding-up,
means the percentage to which the first company is, or would be,
so entitled either directly or through another body corporate or
other bodies corporate or partly directly and partly through another
body corporate or other bodies corporate.
7. (1) In this Part of this Schedule " the relevant accounting
period " means-
( a ) in a case falling within subsection ( 2) of section 28 of this
Act, the accounting period current at the time in question ;
and
( b ) in a case falling within subsection (3) of that section, the
accounting period in relation to which the share in the
consortium falls to be determined.
( 2) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, a loan to a
company shall be treated as a security, whether or not it is a secured
loan , and, if it is a secured loan, regardless of the nature of the
security .
PART II
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
8.- (1 ) This paragraph shall apply in any case where-
( a ) immediately before 6th March 1973, one company ( in this
paragraph referred to as " the subsidiary company ") was,
for the purposes of the enactments relating to group relief,
a 75 per cent. or a 90 per cent. subsidiary of another
company (in this paragraph referred to as " the parent
company ") ; and
(b ) by virtue of section 28 or section 29 of this Act the sub-
sidiary company ceased on that date to be such a subsidiary
for the purposes of those enactments .
c . 51
Finance Act 1973 1517
(2 ) Subject to paragraph 11 below, if this paragraph applies then ,
SCH . 12
with respect to any period beginning on 6th March 1973 and ending
before 1st April 1974, the subsidiary company shall be treated for
the purposes of the enactments relating to group relief as continuing
to be a 75 per cent. or, as the case may be, a 90 per cent. subsidiary
of the parent company if-
( a ) immediately before 1st April 1974 the subsidiary company
is such a subsidiary for the purposes of those enactments ;
and
( b ) throughout that period the subsidiary company would have
been such a subsidiary for the purposes of those enactments
if sections 28 and 29 of this Act had not been passed.
9.- (1) This paragraph shall apply in any case where, immediately
before 6th March 1973, a company was a member of a consortium
for the purposes of the enactments relating to group relief and, -
( a ) by virtue of section 28 of this Act, the company's share
in the consortium is on that date less than it was before
it ; or
( b) by virtue of subsection ( 2) of section 29 of this Act, on that
date a trading company or holding company which is owned
by the consortium or a trading company which is a 90 per
cent. subsidiary of a holding company which is owned by
the consortium ceases to be able to surrender relief to
members of the consortium.
( 2) Subject to paragraph 11 below, if this paragraph applies then,
with respect to any period beginning on 6th March 1973 and
ending before 1st April 1974, the member's share in the consortium
shall be treated for the purposes of the enactments relating to group
relief as of the same magnitude as it was immediately before 6th
March 1973 and the trading company or the holding company, as the
case may be, shall continue to be entitled to surrender relief to
members of the consortium if-
( a ) throughout that period there is no variation in the percentage
of the ordinary share capital of the surrendering company or ,
as the case may be, the holding company through which
the surrendering company is owned, which is beneficially
owned by that member ; and
( b) immediately before 1st April 1974 the member's share in the
consortium (determined in accordance with section 28 of
this Act) is of the same magnitude as it was immediately
before 6th March 1973 ; and
( c ) immediately before 1st April 1974 subsection ( 2 ) of section
29 of this Act does not apply in relation to the surrendering
company.
10.- (1) This paragraph shall apply with respect to claims for group
relief in respect of any amount which is attributable-
( a ) to first- year allowances , within the meaning of Chapter I of
Part III of the Finance Act 1971, in respect of expenditure 1971 c. 68.
incurred by the surrendering company on the provision of
machinery or plant, or
1518 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
SCH. 12
1968 с. 3.
1971 с. 68.
(b ) to writing-down allowances, within the meaning of Chapter
II of Part I of the Capital Allowances Act 1968, or,
as the case may require, Chapter I of Part III of the Finance
Act 1971 , in respect of expenditure incurred by the sur-
rendering company on the provision of machinery or plant,
or
( c) to initial allowances under section 56 of the Capital Allow-
ances Act 1968 (in respect of expenditure on works in con-
nection with mines, etc.) in respect of expenditure incurred
by the surrendering company and falling within section 52( 1 )
of the Finance Act 1971 (expenditure incurred on or after
27th October 1970 on the construction of works in a
development area or Northern Ireland), or
( d ) to allowances under section 91 of the Capital Allowances Act
1968 in respect of expenditure incurred by the surrendering
company on scientific research,
where the expenditure is incurred under a contract entered into by
the surrendering company before 6th March 1973.
(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 28 or section 29 of this
Act or in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, but subject to
paragraph 11 below, group relief may be claimed in respect of any
such amount as is referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1) above if-
( a) immediately before 6th March 1973 the surrendering com-
pany and the company claiming relief were members of a
group of companies and, throughout the period beginning
on that date and ending at the end of the accounting
period in respect of which the claim is made, there is no
reduction in the rights of the parent company with respect
to the matters specified in paragraphs ( a ) and (b) of sub-
section (2) of section 28 of this Act, or
( b) immediately before 6th March 1973 the company claiming
relief was a member of a consortium and, throughout the
period beginning on that date and ending at the end of
the accounting period in respect of which the claim is
made, there is no variation in the percentage of the
ordinary share capital of the company owned by the
consortium which is beneficially owned by that member
and no reduction in the rights of that member (in respect
of the company owned by the consortium ) with respect
to the matters specified in paragraphs (b ) and ( c) of sub-
section (3) of section 28 of this Act,
and, in either case, no such arrangements as are specified in sub-
section (1) or subsection (2) of section 29 of this Act come into
existence after 5th March 1973 with respect to any of the companies
concerned and no variation is made in any such arrangements
which are in existence on that date with respect to any of those
companies.
( 3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2)( a) above " the parent
company " means the company of which another member of the
group referred to in that sub-paragraph was, immediately before
Finance Act 1973 1519
с .51
6th March 1973, a 75 per cent . subsidiary, and the rights of the
parent company referred to in that paragraph are-
( a ) if the parent company is either the surrendering company
or the company claiming relief , its rights in the other
company ; and
( b ) in any other case, its rights in both the surrendering
company and the company claiming relief.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph an amount which the
claimant company claims by way of group relief shall be treated
as attributable to an allowance falling within any of paragraphs (a )
to ( d ) of sub-paragraph (1) above to the extent that that amount
would not have been available for surrender by the surrendering
company if no such allowance had been available to the surrendering
company in respect of the expenditure concerned.
SCH. 12
11.- (1) Sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 8, sub-paragraph (2) of
paragraph 9 or, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph
10 above shall not apply if , during the period referred to in that
sub-paragraph, -
( a ) there is a major change in the nature or conduct of a trade
or business carried on by the relevant company ; or
( b) the relevant company sets up and commences a trade or
business which it did not carry on immediately before 6th
March 1973.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 8 or, as the case may be,
sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 9 above shall not apply if , during the
period referred to in that sub-paragraph, the relevant company
ceases to carry on a trade, in whole or in part, and a successor
company begins to carry it on.
( 3) In sub- paragraphs ( 1) and ( 2) above " the relevant company
"
means, -
( a ) in relation to sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 8 above, the
subsidiary company, as defined in that paragraph ; and
(b ) in relation to sub-paragraph (2 ) of paragraph 9 above, the
trading company or the holding company referred to in
that sub- paragraph ; and
( c ) in relation to sub-paragraph ( 2) of paragraph 10 above, -
(i) if the claim for group relief is attributable to an
allowance falling within paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b)
of sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph and the machinery
or plant to which the allowance relates is brought into
use on or before 6th March 1978, the company claiming
group relief ; and
( ii ) in any other case, either the company claiming
group relief or the company which, if this paragraph
did not apply, would be the surrendering company.
( 4 ) In paragraph (a ) of sub-paragraph (1) above " major change
in the nature or conduct of a trade or business " has the same
meaning as in subsection (1) of section 101 of the Finance Act 1972 1972 с. 41 .
1520 Finance Act 1973
с .51
SCH . 12 ( change in ownership of company: calculation and treatment of
advance corporation tax).
( 5) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 2) above, a company is a
successor company in relation to the relevant company if the circum-
stances are such that-
( a ) section 252 of the Taxes Act ( company reconstructions with-
out change of ownership) applies in relation to the relevant
company and the other company as the predecessor and
the successor within the meaning of that section ; or
( b ) the two companies are connected with each other within
the terms of section 533 of the Taxes Act.
Section 33.
1972 с. 41 .
SCHEDULE 13
AMENDMENT OF SECTION 92 OF FINANCE ACT 1972 AND
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENT OF OTHER PROVISIONS
Amendment of section 92
1. Section 92 of the Finance Act 1972 shall be amended as follows .
2. In subsection (1 ) for the words from the beginning to
" paragraph (b) above " there shall be substituted the words " Where
a company (in this section referred to as ' the surrendering company ' )
has paid an amount of advance corporation tax in respect of a
dividend or dividends paid by it in an accounting period and the
advance corporation tax has not been repaid, it may, on making a
claim, surrender the benefit of the whole or part of that amount " .
3. In subsections ( 2 ), (6 ) and ( 7 ) the word " surplus " shall be
omitted wherever it occurs .
4. In subsection ( 2) —
( a ) for the words " subsection ( 4) " there shall be substituted the
words " subsections ( 3A ) and (4) " ; and
( b) for the words " subsection ( 1 )(b) " (in both places) there shall
be substituted the words " subsection (1) ".
5. After subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following sub-
section : -
" (3A) No advance corporation tax which a subsidiary is
treated as having paid by virtue of subsection ( 2) above shall be
set against the subsidiary's liability to corporation tax under
subsection (3) of section 85 above ; but in determining for the
purposes of subsections ( 3) and ( 4) of that section what (if any)
amount of surplus advance corporation tax there is in any
accounting period of a subsidiary, an amount so treated as having
been paid shall be set against its liability to corporation tax
before any advance corporation tax paid in respect of any
distribution made by the subsidiary."
6. In subsection ( 5) for the word " two " there shall be substituted
the word " six " .
c .51
Finance Act 1973 1521
7. In subsection ( 8) after the words " United Kingdom ; and " there shall be inserted the words " subject to subsection ( 9) below".
8. At the end of the section there shall be added the following
subsections : -
" ( 9) Notwithstanding that, apart from this subsection, one
company ( in this subsection referred to as ' the subsidiary com-
pany ' ) would at any time, by virtue of subsection ( 8 ) above,
be a subsidiary of another company ( in this subsection referred
to as ' the parent company ' ) for the purposes of this section,
the subsidiary company shall not be treated at that time as
a subsidiary for those purposes-
( a ) if arrangements are in existence by virtue of which
any person has or could obtain, or any persons
together have or could obtain, control of the subsidiary
company but not of the parent company, and
( b) unless the following conditions are also fulfilled,
namely, -
(i ) that the parent company is beneficially entitled to
more than 50 per cent. of any profits available
for distribution to equity holders of the sub-
sidiary company ; and
( ii ) that the parent company would be beneficially
entitled to more than 50 per cent. of any assets
of the subsidiary company available for
distribution to its equity holders on a winding-up.
( 10 ) In subsection (9)(a) above, ' control ' has the meaning
assigned to it by section 534 of the Taxes Act.
(11) Part I of Schedule 12 to the Finance Act 1973 shall have
effect for the purposes of subsection (9)(b) above, subject to the
following modifications : -
( a ) for any reference therein to section 28 of that Act
there shall be substituted a reference to subsection
( 9)(b) above ; and
(b) paragraph 7(1) shall be omitted and for any reference in
that Part to the relevant accounting period there shall
be substituted a reference to the accounting period
current at the time in question."
SCH. 13
Consequential amendments
9. In section 90( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 after the words " for 1972 с. 41.
66
the next accounting period " there shall be inserted the words or
the benefit of which could be surrendered under section 92 below ".
10. Paragraph 7( 7 ) of Schedule 16 to that Act shall cease to have
effect.
11. In paragraph 9 of Schedule 23 to that Act for the words from
the beginning to " but those provisions " there shall be substituted
the words " The restrictions imposed by the preceding provisions of
1522 Finance Act 1973
с.51
SCH. 13 this Schedule on the amount of advance corporation tax which a
company may set against its liability to corporation tax under section
85 of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in
determining the amount of advance corporation tax of which it may
surrender the benefit under section 92 of this Act, but this provision " ;
and for the words " such surplus " (in the last place where they
occur ) there shall be substituted the words " advance corporation
tax".
Section 34.
1972 с. 41 .
SCHEDULE 14
MINOR AMENDMENTS OF PART V OF FINANCE АСТ 1972
1. Part V of the Finance Act 1972 shall be amended in accord-
ance with the following provisions of this Schedule.
2. In subsection (1 ) and subsection (2 ) of section 95 before the
words " the corporation tax charged " there shall be inserted the
words " the company may claim that ".
3. In section 96(1) after the words " of this section " there shall
be inserted the words " the body may claim that ".
4. Any power which the inspector may exercise under paragraph
19 of Schedule 16 may be exercised by him for the purposes of
sections 95 or 96 as amended by the preceding paragraphs .
5. In section 103( 5) for the words preceding the paragraphs there
shall be substituted the words " Where the rate of advance corpora-
tion tax for any financial year differs from the rate last fixed " ;
and
( a ) in paragraph ( a ) for the words " in respect of the distribu-
tion" there shall be substituted the words " in respect of
a distribution made in that financial year on or before
5th April " ; and
( b ) in paragraph ( b) for the words " if the distribution is made "
there shall be substituted the words " if a distribution is
made on or before 5th April " .
6. In paragraph 10 ( 1 ) of Schedule 22, in the words quoted from
"
Part X of the Taxes Act " the company shall in each case be
substituted for " a company ".
7. In paragraph 11 of Schedule 23-
( a ) in sub-paragraph (2) for the words " 6th April " there shall
be substituted the words " 5th April " ; and
( b ) at the end of sub-paragraph (5) there shall be added the
words " and references to a distribution period shall be
construed in accordance with sub-paragraph ( 6 ) of para-
graph 2 above, whether or not the company is one to
which that paragraph applies ".
Finance Act 1973 1523
с.51
SCHEDULE 15
Section 38.
TERRITORIAL EXTENSION OF
CHARGE TO TAX-SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Appeals
1. In section 31( 3) of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (appeals 1970 с. 9.
to Special Commissioners) after paragraph ( b) there shall be inserted
the words " or
( c ) is made by virtue of section 38 of the Finance Act 1973
and is not an assessment to tax under Schedule E."
Information
2. The holder of any licence granted under the Petroleum (Pro- 1934 с. 36.
duction ) Act 1934 shall, if required to do so by a notice served on
him by an inspector, give to the inspector within the time limited
by the notice ( which shall not be less than thirty days) such par-
ticulars as may be required by the notice of-
( a ) transactions in connection with activities authorised by the
licence as a result of which any person is or might be
liable to tax by virtue of section 38 of this Act ; and
( b) emoluments paid or payable in respect of duties performed
in an area in which those activities may be carried on under
the licence and the persons to whom they were paid or are
payable ;
and shall take reasonable steps to obtain the information necessary
to enable him to comply with the notice.
3. In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( penalty
for failure to furnish information ) there shall be added in the
first column of the Table the words " Paragraph 2 of Schedule 15
to the Finance Act 1973. "
Collection
4.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, where
any tax is assessed by virtue of section 38 of this Act on a person
not resident in the United Kingdom in respect of-
( a ) profits or gains from activities authorised, or carried on in
connection with activities authorised, by a licence granted
under the Petroleum (Production) Act 1934, or
( b) profits or gains from, or chargeable gains accruing on the
disposal of, exploration or exploitation rights connected
with activities so authorised or carried on,
then, if the tax remains unpaid later than thirty days after it has
become due and payable, the Board may serve a notice on the
holder of the licence stating particulars of the assessment, the amount
remaining unpaid and the date when it became payable, and requiring
the holder of the licence to pay that amount, together with any
interest due thereon under section 86 of the Taxes Management Act
1970, within thirty days of the service of the notice.
c. 51
1524 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 15
1970 с. 9.
( 2 ) Any amount which a person is required to pay by a notice
under this paragraph may be recovered from him as if it were
tax due and duly demanded from him ; and he may recover any
such amount paid by him from the person on whom the assessment
was made.
5. Paragraph 4 above does not apply to any assessment to tax
under Schedule E.
6. Paragraph 4 above does not apply if the profits or gains arose
or the chargeable gains accrued to the person on whom the
assessment is made in consequence of a contract made by the
holder of the licence before 23rd March 1973, unless he is a person
connected with the holder within the meaning of section 533 of the
Taxes Act or the contract was substantially varied on or after that
date.
7. Where, on an application made by a person who will or might
become liable to tax which, if remaining unpaid, could be recovered
under paragraph 4 above from the holder of a licence, the Board are
satisfied that the applicant will comply with any obligations imposed
on him by the Taxes Acts, they may issue a certificate to the holder
of the licence exempting him from the provisions of that paragraph
with respect to any tax payable by the applicant ; and where
such a certificate is issued that paragraph shall not apply to any
such tax which becomes due while the certificate is in force.
8. The Board may, by notice in writing to the holder of a certificate
issued under paragraph 7 above, cancel the certificate from such
date, not earlier than thirty days after the service of the notice, as may
be specified in the notice.
9. In this Schedule " the Taxes Acts " has the same meaning as
in the Taxes Management Act 1970.
Section 39. SCHEDULE 16
UNDERWRITERS
Interpretation
1.- (1) In this Schedule " member " means an underwriting member
of Lloyd's or of any approved association of underwriters, and expres-
sions used in Schedule 10 to the Taxes Act have the same meanings
as in that Schedule.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Schedule an underwriting year corre-
sponds to a year of assessment if it ends in that year.
Basis of assessment under Schedule D
2. For the year 1972-73 and subsequent years of assessment income
tax on the profits or gains arising from a member's underwriting
business or from assets forming part of a premiums trust fund shall
Finance Act 1973 1525
с .51
be computed on the profits or gains of that year of assessment ; but
for this purpose and all other purposes of the Income Tax Acts-
( a ) the profits or gains arising in any year of assessment from a
member's underwriting business shall be taken to be those
arising in the corresponding underwriting year; and
( b ) the profits or gains arising from assets forming part of a
premiums trust fund shall be taken to be those allocated under
the rules or practice of Lloyd's or ofthe association concerned
to the corresponding underwriting year.
Set-off of losses against general income
3. For the year 1972-73 and subsequent years of assessment relief
under section 168 of the Taxes Act in respect of a loss sustained by
a member in his underwriting business in any year of assessment
shall not be given under subsection (2) of that section ( carry forward )
butmay, if the member so claims and he was a member in the preceding
year of assessment, be given against his income for that preceding
year, so far as it cannot be given against the income for the year in
which the loss was sustained and can be given after any relief for a
loss sustained in that preceding year.
SCH. 16
Re- insurance
4. Except where an assessment on income arising from a member's
underwriting business had been made before 6th April 1973 and was
not subject to appeal on or after that date-
( a ) any premium paid by him on an insurance against losses in
his underwriting business shall be deducted as an expense
in computing the profits or gains arising from that business ;
and
( b) any insurance money paid to him under such an insurance
shall be taken into account as a trading receipt in computing
those profits or gains for the year of assessment for which
the premium was allowed as a deduction.
Disposal ofassets in premiums trustfund
5. The cost of acquisition and the consideration for the disposal of
assets forming part of a premiums trust fund shall be left out ofaccount
in computing the profits or gains or losses of a member's underwriting
business for the purposes of Schedule D (and accordingly shall not be
excluded for the purposes of capital gains tax under paragraph 2 or 5
of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1965) .
1965 с. 25.
6.- (1 ) Subject to paragraph 7 below , for the year 1972-73 and
subsequent years of assessment the chargeable gains or allowable
losses accruing on the disposal of assets forming part of a premiums
trust fund shall be taken to be those allocated to the corresponding
underwriting year.
( 2 ) The amount of the gains or losses so allocated at the end of any
accounting period shall be such proportion of the difference mentioned
1526 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
SCH. 16 1965 с. 25.
1969 с. 32.
in sub- paragraph ( 3) below as is allocated to the underwriting year
under the rules or practice of Lloyd's or of the association concerned.
( 3) The difference referred to in sub- paragraph ( 2) above is the
difference between the valuations at the beginning and at the end of
the accounting period of the assets forming part of the fund, the value
at the beginning of the period of assets acquired during the period
being taken as the cost of acquisition and the value at the end of the
period of assets disposed of during the period being taken as the
consideration for the disposal.
7. Paragraph 6 above does not apply to the computation of charge-
able gains or allowable losses on the disposal of securities of any of
the descriptions specified in Schedule 9 to the Finance Act 1965 or of
specified securities within the meaning of section 41 of the Finance
Act 1969.
Special reserve funds
8. For the year 1973-74 and subsequent years of assessment
Schedule 10 to the Taxes Act shall have effect subject to paragraphs 9
to 13 below.
9. The arrangements referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be confined
to members who elect to take advantage of them.
10. For paragraph ( a) of the proviso to paragraph 7(1) there shall
be substituted the following paragraph : -
"( a ) the amount of any such payment shall be notified to the
inspector not later than twelve months after the date at
which the accounts of the business for that underwriting year
are deemed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be
closed for the purposes of the arrangements, and no such
payment shall be made more than thirty days after the date
on which the inspector has notified his agreement in writing
or, if later, thirty days after the expiration of those twelve
months; " .
11. In sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 11 the words " for all income
tax purposes ", where they appear in paragraph ( a ), shall be omitted
and at the end of the sub- paragraph there shall be added the following
words: -
" but paragraph ( a) above-
(i ) shall not reduce any income other than income derived
from the underwriter's underwriting business or from
any deposit made or assets held on trust in connection
with that business, and
( ii ) subject to paragraph (i ) above, shall reduce income
other than investment income before reducing investment
income. "
12. After sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of paragraph 11 there shall be inserted
the following sub-paragraph :-
" ( 2A) Where such a payment as is mentioned in paragraph 8(1)
above is made out of a special reserve fund of an underwriter by
Finance Act 1973 1527
c. 51
reason that he has sustained a loss, relief in respect of the loss
shall, so far as possible, be given by treating the loss as reducing
the income represented by the payment. "
SCH. 16
13. After paragraph 12 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
66 12A.- ( 1 ) So much of an underwriter's income as is attri-
butable to payments from his special reserve fund or to such an
excess as is mentioned in paragraph 12 above shall ( so far as
remaining after allowing for any relief by which it is reduced ) be
treated as investment income if , but only if , his income from his
underwriting business falls to be so treated.
( 2) Where, as a result of a change in the circumstances in which
an underwriting business is carried on, an underwriter's income
from the business falls to be treated as investment income the
change shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1 )
above except to the extent that the special reserve fund represents
payments made into it after the change; and for this purpose any
amount withdrawn after the change to give effect to the require-
ments of paragraph 8 above shall, so far as possible and not-
withstanding paragraph 12( 3) above, be regarded as having been
met by payments into the fund made after the change. "
Consequential amendment
14. For the year 1972-73 and subsequent years of assessment
paragraph 16( 2 ) of Schedule 10 to the Taxes Act shall have effect as
if for the words following " correspond to each other " there were
substituted the words " if the underwriting year ends in the year of
assessment ".
Administrative and supplementary provisions
15.- (1) In sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of paragraph 9 of Schedule 7 to the
Finance Act 1965 (assessment of trustees ) for the words "
any such 1965 с. 25.
fund " there shall be substituted the words " any premiums trust
fund " and at the end of the paragraph there shall be added the
following sub-paragraph : -
66( 4 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraphs ( 2 ) and (3) above the
underwriting agent may be treated as a trustee of the premiums
trust fund ".
( 2 ) This paragraph shall have effect for the year 1973-74 and
subsequent years of assessment.
16. For the year 1973–74 and subsequent years of assessment income
tax on the profits or gains arising to a member from assets forming
part of a premiums trust fund may be assessed on the underwriting
agent through whom his business is carried on.
17 .- (1) The Board may by regulations provide-
( a ) for the assessment and collection of tax charged in accordance
with the preceding provisions of this Schedule;
1528 Finance Act 1973
c.51
SCH. 16
( b ) for the transition from the law in force for earlier years of
assessment to the law as modified by this Schedule and for
the modification for that purpose of the law applicable to
the year 1971-72 and later years of assessment,
( c ) for modifying the provisions of this Schedule in relation to
syndicates continuing for more than two years after the end
of an underwriting year;
( d ) for giving relief from capital gains tax in cases of an under-
writer dying while carrying on his business; and
( e ) for giving credit for foreign tax.
( 2) Regulations under this paragraph shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.
Section 42.
SCHEDULE 17
DOUBLE TAXATION AGREEMENT WITH REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND AND THE GOVERN-
MENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN
EXEMPTIONS FROM TAX
The Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland and the Government of the Republic of Ireland ;
With a view to making such alterations in the Agreement made the
14th April 1926, between the British Government and the Govern-
ment of the Irish Free State in respect of Double Income Tax as
may be necessary in consequence of the alterations in the British
Income Tax Acts effected by the British Finance Acts 1971 and
1972 ;
Have agreed as follows :
Article 1
(1) In Article 1( a ) of the said Agreement the words " British
income tax " shall as respects the year 1973-74 and any sub-
sequent year be construed as meaning the basic rate of income
tax and the reference to British surtax shall be construed as
meaning the excess of liability to British income tax over what
it would be if all British income tax were charged at the basic
rate only.
( 2) Article 1 (a) of the said Agreement shall be further amended
by the addition of :
" Where the income is a dividend derived from a company
which is resident in the United Kingdom, such a person shall
be entitled to payment of the tax credit in respect thereof
to which an individual resident in the United Kingdom
would have been entitled had he received that dividend :
Provided that there shall be no such entitlement to the
tax credit where the recipient of the dividend is a company
Finance Act 1973 1529
с .51
which either alone or together with one or more associated
companies controls directly or indirectly not less than 10 per
cent . of the voting power in the company paying the
dividend. For the purpose of this paragraph two com-
panies shall be deemed to be associated if one is controlled
directly or indirectly by the other, or both are controlled
directly or indirectly by a third company.
The term ' dividend ' includes any item which under the
law of the United Kingdom is treated as a distribution of a
company. "
Article 2
Article 1( b) of the said Agreement shall be amended by the
addition of :
" Where the income is a dividend paid by a company
which is resident in the Republic of Ireland to a company
which is resident in the United Kingdom and which controls
directly or indirectly not less than 10 per cent. of the voting
power in the former company, the exemption shall apply
only to income tax in excess of 5 per cent. of the dividend.
The term ' dividend ' includes any payment or other
transaction which under the law of the Republic of Ireland
is deemed to be a dividend."
Article 3
In Article 2 of the said Agreement, as amended by Article 2
of the Agreement of 25th April 1928, any reference to the
standard rate of British income tax shall be construed as mean-
ing the basic rate of British income tax and any reference to
British surtax shall be construed as meaning the excess of
liability to British income tax over what it would be if all British
income tax were charged at the basic rate only.
Article 4
This Agreement shall enter into force on the exchange of
Notes confirming that the necessary steps have been taken to
give it the force of law in the United Kingdom and the Republic
of Ireland, and shall thereupon have effect :
( a ) as respects dividends paid on or after 6th April 1973
and not later than 5th April 1975 ; and
(b) in other respects for any year of assessment beginning
on or after 6th April 1973.
In witness whereof the undersigned , duly authorised thereto
by their respective Governments, have signed this Agreement.
Done in two originals at London this 2nd day of May, 1973 .
For the Government of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland:
Anthony Kershaw
For the Government of the
Republic of Ireland.
Donal O'Sullivan.
SCH. 17
1530 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
Section45. SCHEDULE 18
VALUATION OF CERTAIN INVESTMENTS FOR PURPOSES OF
ESTATE DUTY
Interpretation
1968 с .44.
1. In this Schedule-
" the principal section " means section 45 of this Act ;
" principal value " means principal value for the purposes of
estate duty and " basic principal value ", in relation to any
investments, means the value which, apart from the principal
section and section 35 of the Finance Act 1968, would be
the principal value of those investments ;
" relevant proportion ", in relation to the investments to which
a claim relates, or any of them, means the proportion by
which the loss on sale is reduced under subsection ( 4 ) of
the principal section ;
" sale value", in relation to any qualifying investments, means
their value for the purposes of subsection (2) (b) of the
principal section ; and
" value on death ", in relation to any qualifying investments,
means their value for the purposes of subsection ( 2)( a) of
the principal section.
The appropriate person
2. For the purposes of the principal section and this Schedule-
( a ) the executors of the deceased, and
( b ) the trustees of a settlement,
shall each be treated as a single and continuing body of persons
( distinct from the persons who may from time to time be the
executors or trustees ).
3. Aclaim made by the appropriate person under subsection ( 2) of
the principal section shall specify the capacity in which he makes
the claim, and any reference in that section to qualifying investments
which are sold by him is a reference to investments which, immedi-
ately before their sale, were held by him in the capacity in which
he makes the claim.
Valuation on sale and purchase
4. In any case where, for the purposes of the principal section,
it is necessary to determine the price at which any investments were
purchased or sold or the best consideration that could reasonably
have been obtained on the sale of any investments, no account shall
be taken of any expenses ( whether by way of commission, stamp
duty or otherwise) which are incidental to the sale or purchase.
5.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, for the purposes of
the principal section where any investments are sold or purchased
с.51
Finance Act 1973 1531
by the appropriate person the date on which they are so sold or purchased shall be taken to be the date on which he entered into
acontract to sell or purchase the investments .
( 2 ) If the sale or purchase of any investments by the appropriate
person results from the exercise ( whether by him or by any other
person ) of an option, then, for the purposes of the principal
section , the date on which the investments are sold or purchased
shall be taken to be the date on which the option was granted.
Principal value where only part of a fund is dutiable
6 .- (1) In any case where-
( a ) part only of a holding of qualifying investments is treated
for the purposes of estate duty as passing on a death, and
( b ) investments comprised in that holding are sold as men-
tioned in paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) of the principal
section ,
the principal section and this Schedule shall apply as if the entirety
of the holding fell within paragraph (a ) of subsection (1) of that
section and, if a claim is made under that section in respect of the
investments referred to in paragraph (b) above, the dutiable fraction
of the principal value of the investments to which the claim relates,
as determined under that section, shall be the principal value of that
part of those investments which is treated as passing on the death.
( 2) In sub-paragraph (1) above, " dutiable fraction " means the
fraction of which the numerator is the basic principal value of
the part of the holding referred to in paragraph (a ) of that sub-
paragraph and the denominator is the basic principal value of the
entirety of that holding.
Exchanges of qualifying investments
7.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, if , within the period
specified in paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) of the principal section,
the appropriate person exchanges (with or without any payment by
way of equality of exchange) any qualifying investments falling within
paragraphs (a ) and ( b) of that subsection, then , regardless of the
nature of the property taken in exchange, if the market value of
those investments is at the date of the exchange greater than their
value on death, they shall be treated for the purposes of the principal
section and this Schedule as having been sold at the date of the
exchange for a price equal to that market value.
( 2) For the purposes of this paragraph, the market value of any
investments at any time means the value which would be the basic
principal value of the investments if they formed part of the estate
of a person who died at that time.
( 3) This paragraph does not apply in any case where the exchange
falls within paragraph 10(1) below.
SCH. 18
c .51
1532 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 18 Aggregation of capital receipts with sale price of investments
8.- (1 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 2 )( b) of the principal
section if-
( a ) at any time after the death in question ( whether during or
after the expiry of the period specified in paragraph ( c)
of subsection (1) of that section ) the appropriate person
receives any capital payment or payments which is or are
attributable to any qualifying investments falling within
paragraphs ( a) and (b) of that subsection, and
( b ) those investments are sold by him as mentioned in paragraph
( c ) of that subsection,
the price for which those investments were sold or, as the case may
be, the best consideration referred to in subsection ( 2 )(b) of the
principal section shall be taken to be increased by an amount equal
to the capital payment, or, as the case may be, the aggregate of
the capital payments, referred to in paragraph (a) above.
( 2 ) If the appropriate person receives or becomes entitled to
receive in respect of any qualifying investments a provisional allot-
ment of shares in or debentures of a company and he disposes of
his rights, the amount of the consideration for the disposal shall be
treated for the purposes of this paragraph as a capital payment
attributable to those investments.
( 3) In this paragraph " capital payment ", in relation to any
investment, does not include the price paid on the sale of the invest-
ment but, subject to that, includes any money or money's worth
which does not constitute income for the purposes of income tax.
Payment of calls
9. For the purposes of subsection (2) (a) of the principal section
if-
( a ) at any time after the death in question ( whether during or
after the expiry of the period specified in paragraph ( c) of
subsection (1 ) of that section) the appropriate person pays
an amount in pursuance of a call in respect of any qualify-
ing investments falling within paragraphs (a ) and ( b) of
that subsection, and
( b) in other respects for any year of assessment beginning
on or after 6th April 1973.
the value on death of those investments shall be the aggregate of
the amount so paid and the basic principal value of those investments .
Effect of changes in a holding between death and sale
10.- (1 ) This paragraph applies in any case where, within the
period specified in paragraph (c) of subsection ( 1) of the principal
section, there occurs in relation to any qualifying investments falling
within paragraphs ( a ) and (b) of that subsection ( in this paragraph
referred to as " the original holding ") a transaction to which
Finance Act 1973 1533
с. 51
paragraph 4 of Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1965 applies, that
is to say, -
( a ) a reorganisation, within the meaning of that paragraph, or
reduction of the share capital of a company ; or
( b) the conversion of securities, within the meaning of paragraph
5 of that Schedule ; or
( c ) the issue by a company of shares or debentures in exchange
for shares in or debentures of another company in such
circumstances that paragraph 6 of that Schedule applies ; or
( d ) the issue by a company of shares or debentures under such
an arrangement as is referred to in paragraph 7 of that
Schedule ;
or any transaction relating to a unit trust scheme which corresponds
to any of the transactions referred to in paragraphs (a ) to (d ) above
and to which paragraph 4 of that Schedule applies by virtue of sec-
tion 45( 8) of the Finance Act 1965.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, where this paragraph
applies the holding of investments which, as a result of the trans-
action, constitutes the new holding, within the meaning of para-
graph 4 of the said Schedule 7, shall be treated for the purposes of
the principal section and this Schedule as being the same as the
original holding ; and references in the following provisions of this
paragraph to the new holding shall be construed accordingly.
( 3) If, in a case where this paragraph applies, the appropriate
person gives, or becomes liable to give, as part of or in connection
with the transaction concerned, any consideration for the new holding
or any part of it, then, for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 5) below,
the value on death of the new holding shall be treated as the
aggregate of-
( a ) the value on death of the original holding, and
( b ) an amount equal to that consideration,
and in any other case the value on death of the new holding shall
be taken to be the same as the value on death of the original
holding .
( 4 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 3) above, there shall not
be treated as consideration given for the new holding or any part
of it-
( a ) any surrender, cancellation or other alteration of any of the
investments comprised in the original holding or of the
rights attached thereto, or
(b ) any consideration consisting of any application, in paying
up the new holding or any part of it, of assets of the
company concerned or of any dividend or other distribution
declared out of those assets but not made.
( 5 ) If, in a case where this paragraph applies, the appropriate
person sells, within the period referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1) above,
SCH. 18
1965 с. 25.
1534 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
SCH. 18 1965 с. 25.
any investments comprised in the new holding, the value on death
of those investments shall be determined by the formula
Vs ( H - S )
( Vs + Vr )
where-
Vs is the sale value of the investments,
Vr is the market value at the time of the sale of any investments
remaining in the new holding after the sale,
His the value on death of the new holding, and
S is the value on death of any investments which were originally
comprised in the new holding but have been sold on a
previous occasion or occasions.
( 6 ) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of paragraph 7 above shall apply for the
purposes of sub-paragraph ( 5 ) above as it applies for the purposes
ofthat paragraph.
Effect of purchase, etc. of investments of the same description
11. ( 1) If, at any time within the period specified in paragraph
(c ) of subsection (1) of the principal section, the appropriate person
sells any investments which form part of a holding of investments
which are all of the same description and consist of-
( a ) investments falling within paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) of that
subsection, and
( b) investments acquired by him, by purchase or otherwise, after
the death concerned but not in circumstances in which
paragraph 10 above applies,
the investments so sold shall be apportioned for the purposes of the
principal section and this Schedule between those falling within
paragraph (a) and those falling within paragraph (b) above in the
same proportion as, immediately before the sale, the investments
comprised in the holding and falling within paragraph ( a ) above bore
to the investments so comprised and falling within paragraph (b)
above.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this paragraph, if the appropriate person
holds investments of any description in the capacity of an executor or
trustee, the investments shall not be treated as forming part of the
same holding as investments which, though of the same description,
are held by him otherwise than in that capacity.
Attribution of principal values to specific investments
12.- (1) This paragraph shall have effect in determining the
principal value (and, accordingly, the market value for the purposes
of capital gains tax under section 26 of the Finance Act 1965) of
any investment (in this paragraph referred to as a " specific invest-
ment ") which is included among the investments to which a claim
relates.
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the
principal value of a specific investment shall be its sale value.
Finance Act 1973 1535
c . 51
( 3 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, in a
case where the calculation of the loss on sale of the investments
to which a claim relates is affected by subsection ( 4 ) of the principal
section-
(a ) if the value on death of a specific investment exceeds its
sale price, the principal value of that investment shall be
the aggregate of its sale value and an amount equal to the
relevant proportion of the difference between its sale price
and its value on death ; and
(b) if the sale price of a specific investment exceeds its value on
death, the principal value of the investment shall be its sale
value less an amount equal to the relevant proportion of the
difference between its value on death and its sale price.
( 4 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (2) and ( 3) above, the sale
value of a specific investment in respect of which an amount has
been paid in pursuance of a call, as mentioned in paragraph 9
above, shall be reduced by the amount so paid in respect of that
investment .
( 5) In a case where, by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph
10 above, the value on death of the new holding, within the meaning
of that paragraph, includes an amount equal to the consideration
referred to in that sub- paragraph, the sale value of any specific
investment comprised in the new holding shall be reduced, for the
purposes of sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) above, by an amount which
bears to that consideration the like proportion as the value on
death of the specific investment sold bears to the value on death
of the whole of the new holding.
( 6 ) In sub-paragraph ( 3) above " sale price ", in relation to a
specific investment, means the price for which the investment was
sold by the appropriate person or, if it is greater, the best considera-
tion which could reasonably have been obtained for the specific
investment at the time of the sale ; and paragraph 8 above shall
apply for the purposes of this sub-paragraph as it applies for the
purposes of subsection (2) (b) of the principal section.
Loss on sale not to exceed principal value
13. In any case where, apart from this paragraph, the loss on sale
of any investments-
( a ) in respect of which an amount has been paid in pursuance of
a call, as mentioned in paragraph 9 above, or
(b ) which are sold as mentioned in paragraph 10( 5 ) above,
would exceed their basic principal value, their sale value shall be
treated for the purposes of the principal section and paragraph 12
above as being of such an amount that the loss on sale would be
equal to their basic principal value.
SCH. 18
1536 Finance Act 1973
c .51
Section 47. SCHEDULE 19
STAMP DUTY ON DOCUMENTS RELATING TO CHARGEABLE
TRANSACTIONS OF CAPITAL COMPANIES
PART I
CHARGEABLE TRANSACTIONS
1. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the charge-
able transactions for the purposes of section 47 of this Act are-
(a ) the formation of a capital company ;
(b ) an increase in the capital of a capital company by the con-
tribution of assets of any kind ;
( c ) an increase in the assets of a capital company by the
contribution of assets of any kind in consideration, not of
shares in the capital or assets of the company, but of
rights of the same kind as those of members of the company,
such as voting rights, a share in the profits or a share
in the surplus on liquidation ;
(d ) any transaction as a result of which the liability of a member
of a capital company which, before the transaction, was
unlimited becomes limited to his share in the company's
capital, in particular, where the limitation of liability results
from the conversion of a capital company into a different
type of capital company ;
(e ) the transfer to Great Britain from a third country of the place
of effective management of a capital company if the regis-
tered office of the company is in a third country ;
( f ) the transfer to Great Britain from a third country of the
registered office of a capital company if the place of effective
management of the company is in a third country ;
( g ) the transfer to Great Britain from another member State
of the place of effective management of a corporation or
body of persons which is a capital company for the purposes
of this Schedule but which is not treated as such in that
other member State ; and
( h ) the transfer to Great Britain from another member State of
the registered office of a corporation or body of persons if—
(i ) the place of effective management of the corporation
or body is in a third country ; and
( ii) the corporation or body is a capital company for
the purposes of this Schedule but is not treated as such in
the member State from which the transfer takes place.
2.- (1 ) For the purposes of paragraph 1(a ) above " formation ",
in relation to a capital company, -
(a ) includes the conversion into a capital company of a corpora-
tion or body of persons which, before the conversion, is
not a capital company ; and
c . 51
Finance Act 1973 1537
( b ) does not include the conversion of a capital company into a different type of capital company or any alteration of the
constituent instrument or regulations of the capital company.
( 2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that-
( a ) the conversion of loan stock of a capital company into
share capital ; and
(b ) the issue of shares in a capital company in satisfaction of
a debt owed by the company,
are transactions falling within paragraph 1(b) above .
3.(1) Any reference in paragraph 1 above to a corporation or
body of persons being treated as a capital company in another
member State is a reference to the corporation or body of persons
being treated under the provisions of the law of that member State
corresponding to section 47 of this Act in a manner similar to that in
which a corporation or body of persons which is a capital company
for the purposes of that section is treated under that section.
"
( 2 ) In paragraph 1 above " third country means a country
which is not , and does not form part of, a member State.
PART II
AMOUNT ON WHICH DUTY IS CHARGED
4 .- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this
Schedule, in the case of the relevant document relating to achargeable
transaction falling within any of sub-paragraphs ( a) to ( c) of para-
graph 1 above, the amount on which duty is chargeable under section
47( 5 ) of this Act shall be the actual value of assets of any kind
contributed by the members.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply in the case of a
chargeable transaction falling within paragraph 1( a ) above which
consists of the conversion into a capital company of a corporation
or body of persons which, before the conversion, is not a capital
company ; and in the case of the relevant document relating to any
such transaction, the amount on which duty is chargeable under
section 47(5) of this Act shall, subject to the following provisions of
this Part of this Schedule, be the actual value of the assets of any
kind belonging to the capital company immediately after the
conversion, less its liabilities at that time.
( 3 ) If, in the case of a chargeable transaction falling within any
of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of paragraph 1 above, the consideration
provided by the capital company for the acquisition of all or any
of the assets contributed as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above
consists, in whole or in part, of the assumption by the company of
any liabilities transferred to it or the discharge by the company of
any liabilities , the actual value of assets contributed shall be treated
for the purposes of that sub-paragraph as reduced by an amount
equal to the liabilities so assumed or discharged.
5. In the case of the relevant document relating to a chargeable
transaction falling within paragraph 1( d ) above, the amount on which
Part II 2C
SCH. 19
1538 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
SCH. 19 duty is chargeable under section 47(5) of this Act shall be the value
of the share in the company's assets, less the share in the company's
liabilities , which immediately before the transaction belonged to
members who then had unlimited liability for the company's obliga-
tions but who, as a result of the transaction, have only a limited
liability.
6.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) and paragraphs 7 and 8 below,
in the case of the relevant document relating to a chargeable trans-
action falling within any of sub-paragraphs (e ) to ( h) of paragraph 1
above, the amount on which duty is chargeable under section 47(5) of
this Act shall be the actual value of the assets of any kind belonging
to the capital company at the time of the transaction, less its
liabilities at that time.
( 2 ) If the Commissioners consider it appropriate to do so, in
relation to the relevant document falling within sub- paragraph (1)
above, they may for the purposes of that sub-paragraph treat the
actual value of the shares in the capital company belonging to the
members of the company at the time of the transaction to which
the relevant document relates as being the amount on which duty
is chargeable as mentioned in that sub-paragraph.
7.- (1 ) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 4 above, if the
amount on which, apart from this sub-paragraph, duty would be
chargeable under section 47( 5) of this Act in the case of the relevant
document falling within that paragraph is less than—
( a ) if sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph applies, the nominal
value of the shares in the capital company allotted on
the occasion of the transaction to which the relevant docu-
ment relates, or
( b ) if sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of that paragraph applies, the nominal
value of the shares in the capital company belonging to
the members of the company immediately after the trans-
action to which the relevant document relates,
duty shall be chargeable under that section, in the case of that
document, on an amount equal to that nominal value.
( 2 ) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (1 ) of paragraph 6
above, but subject to sub -paragraph ( 2) of that paragraph, if the
amount on which, apart from this sub-paragraph, duty would be
chargeable under section 47( 5) of this Act in the case of the relevant
document falling within the said sub-paragraph (1) is less than the
nominal value of the shares in the capital company belonging to the
members of the company at the time of the transaction to which
the relevant document relates, duty shall be chargeable under that
section, in the case of that document, on an amount equal to that
nominal value.
8. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this
Part of this Schedule, in determining, in the case of any document,
the amount on which duty is chargeable under section 47( 5) of this
Finance Act 1973 1539
с . 51
Act , no account shall be taken, except as provided in paragraph 5 above, of-
( a ) the amount of the assets contributed to a capital company
by a member whose liability for the company's obligations
is unlimited ; or
( b ) the share of such a member in the company's assets .
SCH. 19
PART III
EXEMPT TRANSACTIONS
9.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, a
chargeable transaction falling within paragraph 1( b) above (in this
“
paragraph referred to as the relevant transaction " ) shall be an
exempt transaction for the purposes of section 47 of this Act if it
is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that-
( a ) less than four years before the relevant transaction occurred
the nominal capital of the capital company concerned was
reduced by any amount (in this paragraph referred to as
" the amount of the reduction ") as a result of losses sus-
tained, and
(b ) either there has been in the interim period no chargeable
transaction falling within paragraph 1( b) above in relation
to the capital company concerned or the total of the
increases in that company's capital which have been effected
in the interim period by any such chargeable transaction
( or transactions) is less than the amount of the reduction,
and for the purposes of paragraph (b) above " the interim period "
means the period beginning with the reduction referred to in para-
graph (a) above and ending immediately before the relevant
transaction.
( 2 ) If-
( a) the relevant transaction is an exempt transaction by virtue
of sub-paragraph (1) above, and
( b) the increase in the capital of the capital company concerned
which is effected by the relevant transaction, taken with
the increases ( if any ) which have been effected in the com-
pany's capital in the interim period as mentioned in paга-
graph (b) of that sub-paragraph, exceeds the amount of the
reduction,
stamp duty shall be chargeable under section 47( 5) of this Act on
the relevant document relating to the relevant transaction, but only
on such proportion of the amount determined in relation to that
document under Part II of this Schedule as corresponds to the pro-
portion which that excess bears to the total of the increase in capital
effected by the relevant transaction.
( 3) In any case where the reduction in nominal capital referred to
in paragraph (a ) of sub-paragraph (1) above occurred on or before
31st July 1973, references in paragraph (b ) of that sub-paragraph to
a chargeable transaction falling within paragraph 1( b ) above include
references to a transaction which occurred before that date but which
Part II 2C2
c.51
1540 Finance Act 1973
SCH. 19 would have been such a chargeable transaction if this Schedule had
been in force when the transaction occurred.
( 4 ) If , in the case of the relevant transaction, it appears to the
Commissioners that the amount of the reduction in nominal capital
referred to in sub-paragraph (1) (a) above is greater than the total
of the losses as a result of which the reduction occurred, sub-para-
graphs (1) and ( 2) above shall have effect as if for references to
the amount of the reduction there were substituted references to the
total of those losses.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this paragraph, the increase in a com-
pany's capital effected by a transaction falling within sub-paragraph
( 1)(b) above shall be-
(a ) the actual value of assets of any kind contributed, on the
occasion of the transaction, by the members of the capital
company to which the transaction relates, or
( b) the nominal value of the shares in that capital company
allotted on the occasion of the transaction,
whichever is the greater.
10.- (1 ) A chargeable transaction shall be an exempt transaction
for the purposes of section 47 of this Act if it is shown to the satis-
ofthe
faction of the Commissioners-
( a ) that, by virtue of the transaction, a capital company which
is in the process of being formed or which is already
in existence-
(i ) has acquired share capital of another capital
company to the extent that, after the transaction, not
less than 75 per cent. of the issued share capital of that
other company is beneficially owned by the first company,
or
(ii) has acquired the whole or any part of the under-
taking of another capital company, and
( b ) that the conditions specified in sub-paragraph ( 2) below
are fulfilled in relation to the transaction ;
and in this paragraph the first company mentioned in paragraph (a )
above is referred to as " the acquiring company " and the other
company mentioned in sub- paragraph (i ) or ( ii) of that paragraph
isreferred to as " the acquired company ".
( 2) The conditions referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above are-
(a ) that the place of effective management or the registered
office of the acquired company is in a member State ;
and
( b ) that so much, if any, of the consideration ( taking no account
of such part thereof as consists of the assumption or
discharge by the acquiring company of liabilities of the
acquired company) for the acquisition referred to in that
sub-paragraph as does not consist-
(i) where shares are to be acquired, of the issue of
shares in the acquiring company to the holders of shares
in the acquired company in exchange for the shares
held by them in the acquired company,
c .51
Finance Act 1973 1541
( ii ) where the whole or any part of the undertaking
is to be acquired, of the issue of shares in the acquiring
company to the acquired company or to holders of shares
in the acquired company,
consists wholly of a payment in cash which does not exceed
10 per cent. of the nominal value of the shares which make
up the balance of the consideration.
( 3) If , at any time within the period of five years beginning with
the occurrence of a chargeable transaction which is an exempt trans-
action falling within paragraph (a )(i ) of sub-paragraph (1) above,
the acquiring company-
( a ) ceases to retain at least 75 per cent. of the issued share
capital of the acquired company, or
( b ) disposes of any of the shares in the acquired company which
it held immediately after the occurrence of the chargeable
transaction,
duty shall then become chargeable, and shall be payable in accord-
ance with sub-paragraph ( 4) below ; but for the purpose of determin-
ing whether paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b) above applies, any
disposal of shares shall be disregarded if it is effected-
(i ) by a transfer forming part of a chargeable transaction which
is itself an exempt transaction by virtue of any provision
of sub -paragraph (1) above, or
( ii ) in the course of the winding-up of the acquiring company.
( 4 ) If sub- paragraph (3) above applies, then, within one month of
the date on which the holding of share capital referred to in para-
graph (a ) of that sub-paragraph first falls below 75 per cent. or, as
the case may be, the date of the first disposal of any of the shares
referred to in paragraph (b ) of that sub-paragraph ( in this paragraph
referred to as " the date of charge ") , there shall be paid to the
Commissioners duty corresponding to the stamp duty which would
have been charged under subsection (5 ) of section 47 of this Act
on the relevant document if the chargeable transaction had not been
an exempt transaction.
( 5 ) If sub-paragraph (4 ) above applies, subsection ( 7 ) of section
47 of this Act shall apply-
(a ) as if the chargeable transaction had never been an exempt
transaction ; and
( b ) as if for the reference in that subsection to the date of the
transaction there were substituted a reference to the date of
charge;
and, in addition, interest on the duty payable under that sub-para-
graph at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum from the date when the
chargeable transaction occurred to the date of charge shall be a
debt due to Her Majesty from the acquiring company.
Part II 2C3
SCH. 19
1542 Finance Act 1973
с.51
SCH . 19
1948 с. 38.
1891 с. 39.
PART IV
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
11. Where, in pursuance of a compromise or arrangement falling
within section 206 of the Companies Act 1948 or otherwise, shares
in a capital company are allotted to any persons in consideration of
either the surrender by them or the cancellation of their shares in
another company, then, for the purposes of Parts I to III above, the
shares so surrendered or cancelled shall be treated as being acquired
by the capital company in exchange for the shares so allotted and,
accordingly, as being assets contributed by those persons .
12. If, on the occasion of a chargeable transaction falling within
any of sub- paragraphs (a ) to ( c ) of paragraph 1 above, any person
undertakes to contribute assets of any kind to a capital company
at some future time, whether certain or uncertain, then-
( a ) for the purposes of the application of paragraph 4 above
in relation to that chargeable transaction, the giving of the
undertaking shall not be treated as the contribution of an
asset to the capital company ; and
(b) if, apart from this sub-paragraph, the making of a contribu-
tion to the assets of the capital company concerned in
pursuance of the undertaking would not be a chargeable
transaction, it shall be deemed for the purposes of section 47
of this Act and this Schedule to be a chargeable transaction
falling within paragraph 1( c ) above.
13. To the extent that the conveyance or transfer of assets to a
capital company forms part of a chargeable transaction falling
within sub-paragraph (a) or sub -paragraph (b) of paragraph 1 above
and is made in consideration of the issue of shares in the company, no
stamp duty shall be chargeable under the heading " Conveyance or
Transfer on sale " in Schedule 1 to the Stamp Act 1891 on any
instrument giving effect to the conveyance or transfer except in so far
as the consideration is referable to the conveyance or transfer of-
( a ) stock or securities, or
( b ) the whole or any part of an undertaking, or
( c ) any estate or interest in land.
PART V
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
14. In subsection ( 4) of section 58 of the Companies Act 1948
( issue of shares in pursuance of that subsection to the nominal
amount of redeemed preference shares not to be an increase in
share capital for purposes of enactments relating to stamp duty) for
the words from " the share capital " to " pursuance of this sub-
section " there shall be substituted the words " for the purposes of
section 47 of the Finance Act 1973 the issue of shares in pursuance
of this subsection shall constitute a chargeable transaction if, and
only if , the actual value of the shares so issued exceeds the value
Finance Act 1973 1543
c. 51
of the preference shares at the date of their redemption, and, where
the issue of the shares does constitute a chargeable transaction for
the purposes of that section , the amount on which stamp duty on the
relevant document relating to that transaction is chargeable under
subsection (5 ) of that section shall be the difference between-
( a ) the amount on which that duty would be so chargeable if
no preference shares had been or were about to be
redeemed ; and
( b ) the value of the preference shares at the date of their
redemption. "
SCH. 19
15. In subsection ( 2 ) of section 40 of the Iron and Steel Act 1967 1967 с. 17.
( no stamp duty chargeable in certain cases where a company is
formed by the British Steel Corporation or the amount of the
nominal share capital of a subsidiary of the Corporation is increased)
the words " to be ", in both places where they occur, and the words
"
nominal share ", in the first place where they occur, shall be
“
omitted and for the words from on so much " to the end of the
subsection there shall be substituted the words " under section 47
of the Finance Act 1973 on any document relating to a chargeable
transaction consisting of the formation of the company or the
increase of capital except to the extent to which, in the opinion of the
Treasury, the transaction goes beyond what is necessary for achieving
that purpose ".
16. In subsection (2) of section 160 of the Transport Act 1968 1968 с. 73.
( no stamp duty chargeable in certain cases) for paragraphs ( a) and
( b) there shall be substituted the words " under section 47 of the
Finance Act 1973 in respect of the amount which is to form the
capital of a company or in respect of any increase in the capital of
acompany ".
17. In subsection (2) of section 22 of the Atomic Energy Authority 1971 с. 11 .
Act 1971 (no stamp duty chargeable in respect of any increase in
nominal share capital of Nuclear Fuels Company or Radiochemical
Company which is effected for purpose of issuing shares to Atomic
Energy Authority) for the words " section 112 of the Stamp Act
1891 " there shall be substituted the words " section 47 of the Finance
Act 1973 " and the words " nominal share " shall be omitted.
18. In subsection (3) of section 33 of the Gas Act 1972 (no 1972 с. 60.
stamp duty chargeable in certain cases where a subsidiary is formed
by the British Gas Corporation or the amount of the nominal share
capital of a subsidiary is increased) the words " to be", in both
places where they occur, and the words " nominal share ", in the
first place where they occur, shall be omitted and for the words
66
from on so much" to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " under section 47 of the Finance Act 1973
on any document relating to a chargeable transaction consisting of
the formation of the subsidiary or the increase of capital except to
the extent to which, in the opinion of the Treasury the transaction
goes beyond what is necessary for achieving that purpose.
Part II 2C4
1544 Finance Act 1973
с. 51
Section 51 .
1965 с. 25.
1940 с. 29.
1946с. 17.
( Ν.Ι.).
SCHEDULE 20
MARKET VALUE OF UNQUOTED SHARES AND SECURITIES
1. In this Schedule " the principal section " means section 51 of
thisAct.
2. So far as the principal section relates to a determination falling
within paragraph ( a ) of subsection (1) thereof , the principal section
applies in the case of deaths on or after 6th July 1973.
3. So far as the principal section relates to a determination falling
within paragraph (b ) of subsection ( 1) thereof , the principal section
applies, subject to paragraph 7 below, on the disposal of any asset
on or after 6th July 1973.
4. Subject to paragraphs 5 and 6 below, if the market value of
an asset or any part of it at the time of its acquisition is material
to the computation of any chargeable gain accruing on a disposal
of the asset on or after 6th July 1973 then, notwithstanding that the
acquisition may have occured before that date or that the market
value at that time may have been fixed for the purposes of a con-
temporaneous disposal, subsection ( 3) of the principal section shall
apply for the purposes of the determination of the market value
of the asset or, as the case may be, that part of it at the time of its
acquisition
5.- (1) This paragraph applies if , in a case where the market value
of an asset at the time of its acquisition is material as mentioned
in paragraph 4 above, -
( a ) the acquisition took place on the occasion of a death occur-
ring after 30th March 1971 and before 6th July 1973, and
( b ) by virtue of section 26 of the Finance Act 1965, the prin-
cipal value of the asset for the purposes of estate duty on that
death would, apart from this paragraph, be taken to be
the market value of the asset at the date of the death for
the purposes of Part III of that Act.
( 2 ) If the principal value referred to in sub- paragraph ( 1 ) ( b) above
falls to be determined as mentioned in section 55 of the Finance Act
1940 or section 15 of the Finance ( No. 2) Act ( Northern Ireland )
1946 (certain controlling shareholdings to be valued on an assets
basis ), nothing in the principal section shall affect the operation of
section 26 of the Finance Act 1965 for the purpose of determining the
market value of the asset at the date of the death.
( 3) If sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above does not apply, section 26 of the
Finance Act 1965 shall not apply as mentioned in sub-paragraph
( 1)(b) above and the market value of the asset on its acquisition at
the date of the death shall be determined in accordance with section
44 of that Act and paragraph 4 above.
6.- (1) In any case where-
( a ) before 6th July 1973 there has been a part disposal of an
asset to which the principal section applies (in this paragraph
referred to as " the earlier disposal "), and
Finance Act 1973 1545
c. 51
(b) by virtue of any enactment, the acquisition of the asset or
SCH. 20
any part of it was deemed to be for a consideration equal
to its market value, and
( c ) on or after 6th July 1973 there is a disposal (including a
part disposal) of the property which remained undisposed
of immediately before that date (in this paragraph referred
to as " the later disposal "),
sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below shall apply in computing any chargeable
gain accruing on the later disposal ( but not so as to affect the
amount of any chargeable gain accruing on the earlier disposal) .
( 2) Where this sub-paragraph applies, the apportionment made by
virtue of paragraph 7 of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1965 on 1965 с. 25.
the occasion of the earlier disposal shall be recalculated on the basis
that subsection ( 3) of the principal section was in force at the time,
and applied for the purposes, of the determination of-
(a ) the market value referred to in sub-paragraph (1)( b) above ;
and
(b) the market value of the property which remained un-
disposed of after the earlier disposal ; and
( c ) if the consideration for the earlier disposal was, by virtue
of any enactment, deemed to be equal to the market value
of the property disposed of , that market value.
7. In any case where-
( a ) before 6th July 1973 there has been a disposal of an asset
to which the principal section applies, and
( b ) immediately before that date the amount of any gain or
loss accruing on the disposal has not been finally deter-
mined for the purposes of Part III of the Finance Act
1965, and
( c) the application of this paragraph would result in a smaller
gain or a greater loss accruing on the disposal than if this
paragraph did not apply,
then, notwithstanding that any market value material to the deter-
mination referred to in paragraph (b) above may have been fixed
for the purposes of any acquisition which was contemporaneous with
the disposal, this Schedule shall have effect as if for any reference
in paragraphs 3, 4 and 6 above to 6th July 1973 there were sub-
stituted a reference to the date of the disposal.
8. If, apart from this paragraph, section 26( 3) of the Finance Act
1965, as originally enacted ( market value determined for capital
gains tax purposes on a death to be treated as principal value for
estate duty purposes), would apply in a case where, by virtue of
paragraph 4, paragraph 6 or paragraph 7 above, subsection (3) of
the principal section applies for the purposes of the determination
of the market value (for the purposes of tax on chargeable gains)
of an asset on the date of a death occurring on or before 30th March
1971 , the said section 26( 3) shall not apply and the principal value
of the asset for the purposes of estate duty on that death shall be
determined as if that section had not been enacted.
с . 51
1546 Finance Act 1973
Section 54.
1920 с. 18.
1940 с. 29 .
1961 с. 36.
1965 с. 25.
1970 с. 9.
SCHEDULE 21
AMENDMENTS CONSEQUENTIAL ON ESTABLISHMENT OF THE STOCK
EXCHANGE
1. In section 42 of the Finance Act 1920 for the word " dealer ",
wherever it occurs in subsections (1) and (2), there shall be substituted
the word " jobber ", and for the definition of " dealer " in subsection
( 3 ) there shall be substituted the following :-
" The expression ' jobber ' means a member of The Stock
Exchange who is recognised by the Council thereof as carrying
on the business of a jobber and carries on that business in the
United Kingdom ".
2. In section 55( 4 ) of the Finance Act 1940 for the words " the
committee of a recognised stock exchange in the United Kingdom
there shall be substituted the words " the Council of The Stock Ex-
change " and for the words " that stock exchange " the words " The
Stock Exchange " .
3. In section 34 of the Finance Act 1961 for the word " dealer ",
wherever it occurs, there shall be substituted the word " jobber ".
4. In section 44( 3) of the Finance Act 1965-
( a ) for the words " quoted on the London Stock Exchange "
there shall be substituted the words " listed in The Stock
Exchange Daily Official List " and for the words " so
quoted " the words " quoted in that List " ;
( b ) for the words " the Stock Exchange Official Daily List " there
shall be substituted the words " The Stock Exchange Daily
Official List " ;
66
( c ) for the words some other stock exchange in the United
Kingdom affords a more active market " there shall be
substituted the words " The Stock Exchange provides a more
active market elsewhere than on the London trading floor " ;
and
( d ) for the words " if the London Stock Exchange is closed "
there shall be substituted the words " if the London trading
floor is closed ".
5. In section 21 of the Taxes Management Act 1970—
(a ) the words " or dealing broker ", wherever they occur, and
the definition of " dealing broker " in subsection ( 7 ) shall
be omitted ; and
( b ) for the definitions of " broker " and " jobber ' 'in subsection
( 7 ) there shall be substituted the following :-
"" broker ' means a member of The Stock Exchange who
carries on his business in the United Kingdom and is
not a jobber ;
' jobber ' means a member of The Stock Exchange who
is recognised by the Council thereof as carrying on the
с. 51
Finance Act 1973 1547
business of a jobber and carries on that business in the United Kingdom " .
6. In section 472(2) of the Taxes Act-
( a ) for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph : -
" (b) is a member of The Stock Exchange who is recognised
by the Council thereof as carrying on the business of a
jobber " ; and
( b) paragraph ( c ) and the words from " and, in the case "
tothe
end shall be omitted.
7. In section 475( 3) and ( 5 ) of the Taxes Act for the words
"
quoted in the official list of the London Stock Exchange " there
shall be substituted the words " listed in The Stock Exchange Daily
Official List ".
8. In section 477 of the Taxes Act-
( a ) the words " or dealing broker ", in both places where they
occur in subsection (3), and the definition of "dealing
broker" in subsection ( 6 ) shall be omitted ; and
(b ) for the definitions of " broker " and "jobber " in subsection
( 6 ) there shall be substituted the following :-
"" broker ' means a member of The Stock Exchange who
carries on his business in the United Kingdom and is
not a jobber ;
' jobber ' means a member of The Stock Exchange who is
recognised by the Council thereof as carrying on the
business of a jobber ".
9. In section 535(1) of the Taxes Act for the words from " has the
same meaning " to the end ofparagraph ( a ) there shall be substituted
the words " means-
( a ) The Stock Exchange, and " .
SCH. 21
1548 Finance Act 1973
c . 51
Section59. SCHEDULE 22
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
REVENUE DUTIES
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
12, 13 & 14 The Finance Act 1949. Section 8.
Geo. 6. c. 47.
14&15Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1951 . Section 4.
c. 43.
10 &11 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act 1962. Section 2.
c . 44 .
1963 с. 25. The Finance Act 1963. Section 3.
Section 4(1 ) and (3).
Schedule 1.
1964 с. 49. The Finance Act 1964.
Section 1( 2) and (3) .
Section 2(3) .
Section 3(2).
Section 4( 3) .
1968 с. 44. 1969 с. 32. The Finance Act 1968.
The Finance Act 1969.
Section 3.
In section 1 , subsections (1), (2)
and (5)( c ) .
Schedules 2 to 5.
In Schedule 7, paragraph 3.
1970 с. 24. The Finance Act 1970.
In section 7, in subsection (2),
the words from " Schedule
5 " to " 1969 and", and the
words from “ ( tobacco to"
" proof spirit " ; and sub-
section (4) .
Section 10.
1971 с. 68 . The Finance Act 1971 . Section 12.
1972 с. 41. The Finance Act 1972. Section 56.
Sections 60 and 61 .
Schedule 8.
PART II
INCOME TAX AND CORPORATION TAX
Chapter Short title
1965 с. 25. The Finance Act 1965.
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966.
Extent of repeal
In section 94, in subsection ( 1)
the words from " and of
section 163(1) " to " Schedule
D ) " ; and in subsection ( 3)
the words from " or of
Chapter VIII " to " 1970 ".
In section 43, the words from
" and Part II " to " capital
gains ".
Finance Act 1973 1549
c . 51
SCH . 22
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of repeal
1969 с. 32.
1970 с. 10.
1970 с. 24. 1970 с. 54.
The Finance Act 1969.
In Schedule 19, in paragraph
16( 2) , the words from " for
"
the purposes to " capital
gains".
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
In section 108, paragraph 2 of
Schedule D and, in paragraph
3, the words " and 2 ".
Section 258(8)(b) .
In section 461 , in paragraph A,
the words from " to recover
tax" to the end of the
paragraph.
Section 466(2) .
In section 468( 4), in the second
column, the words " ( 4) " and
" Section 466(2) " .
In Schedule 8, the proviso to
paragraph 4.
In Schedule 15, in the Table in
paragraph 11 , the entries
relating to section 94 of the
Finance Act 1965.
The Finance Act 1970.
Section 19(2) ( f) .
In section 26(1 ) the definition
of " controlling director " .
In Schedule 5, in paragraph
12( 7) , the words " the proviso
to paragraph 4 of Schedule
8".
The Income and Corpora- | Section 2.
tion Taxes (No. 2) Act
1970.
The Finance Act 1971 . 1971 с. 68. In section 15, paragraphs (a )
and (b) of subsection ( 2) and
subsection (6) .
Section 18(2).
In Schedule 6, paragraphs 10
and 64.
1972 с. 41 . The Finance Act 1972. Section 65(2) .
In section 92(2), (6) and ( 7) the
word " surplus ", wherever it
occurs .
In Schedule 12, in paragraph
5(1) of Part IV the words from
" and where " onwards, and in
paragraph 5(2)(b) of that Part
the words " and that price "
and the words from " both "
to " thereof and " .
In Schedule 16, in paragraph
5(7 )(c) the word " total " and
paragraph 7(7) .
The repeal of section 18( 2) of the Finance Act 1971 has effect for
the year 1974-75 and subsequent years of assessment.
1550 Finance Act 1973
c. 51
SCH. 22 PART III
UNDERWRITERS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
1972 с. 10.
The Income and Corpora- In Schedule 10, the following-
tion Taxes Act 1970. in paragraph 1 , the words
"who elects to take ad-
vantage of the arrange-
ments", the word "such",
where it last occurs, and
the words "who duly
elects as aforesaid " ;
paragraphs 2 to 4;
in paragraph 7( 2) the words
from " subsequent " to the
end;
in paragraph 11(1)( a) the
words " for all income tax
purposes ";
in paragraph 11 (2)( a) (iii) the
words "which immedi-
ately preceded the year of
assessment " ;
in paragraph 14, sub-para-
graph (a ) .
These repeals have effect for the year 1973-74 and subsequent years
ofassessment and, so far as they relate to proviso ( a ) ofparagraph 7( 2)
and paragraph 11(2)(a)(iii), also for the year 1972-73 .
PART IV
THE STOCK EXCHANGE
Chapter Shorttitle
Extent of repeal
21 &22 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1931 .
Section 42.
с. 28.
1970 с. 9.
“
The Taxes Management In section 21 the words or
Act1970.
dealing broker " , wherever
they occur, and, in subsection
( 7 ), the definition of " dealing
broker".
1970 с. 10.
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
In section 472( 2), paragraph (c )
and the words from " and , in
the case to the end.
In section 477, in subsection
"
( 3 ), the words or dealing
broker ", in both places and,
in subsection ( 6 ), the defini-
tion of " dealing broker ".
Finance Act 1973 1551
c. 51
PART V
STAMP DUTY
SCH. 22
Chapter
Short title
54 & 55 Vict. The Stamp Act 1891 .
c. 39.
59 & 60 Vict. The Finance Act 1896.
c. 28.
с. 9.
3Edw. 7. c. 46. 7Edw. 7. c. 13. 7Edw. 7. c. 24. 62 & 63 Vict. The Finance Act 1899.
The Revenue Act 1903.
The Finance Act 1907.
The Limited Partnerships
Act 1907.
The Finance Act 1920.
10&11 Geo. 5. c. 18.
17&18Geo. 5. c.10.
The Finance Act 1927.
18&19 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1928.
c. 17.
20 &21 Geo. 5. c. 28.
23 &24Geo. 5. с. 19.
24&25Geo. 5. с. 32.
9& 10 Geo. 6. c . 64 .
10&11 Geo. 6. c. 35.
11 &12Geo. 6. c .49.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 48.
The Finance Act 1930.
The Finance Act 1933.
The Finance Act 1934.
The Finance Act 1946.
The Finance Act 1947.
The Finance Act 1948.
Extent of repeal
Section 82.
In section 83, the words
6 " "
makes, issues " and or
offers for subscription ".
Sections 112 and 113.
In Schedule 1 the headings
" Bond for securing the pay-
ment or repayment of money
or the transfer or retransfer
of stock ". " Colonial Secur-
ity " , " Debenture for secur-
ing the payment or repayment
of money or the transfer or
retransfer of stock ", " Foreign
Security ", and " Marketable
Security ".
Section 12.
Sections 7 and 8.
Section 5.
Section 10.
Section 11 .
Section 39.
In section 55, in subsection (1) ,
paragraph (A), and subsection
( 4 ) .
In section 31, paragraph (1 ).
Section 41 .
Section 45.
Section 41.
Section 29.
Section 52( b).
Section 59.
Section 73 .
The Electricity Act 1957. In section 26, in subsection (6 )
the words from " and for the
purposes "
to the end of the
subsection.
10 & 11 Eliz.2. The Transport Act 1962. In section 41, subsection ( 2)
с.46.
and in subsection ( 4 ) para-
graph ( a ).
1963 с. 25. The Finance Act 1963.
In section 57(1), the words
" Marketable Security, para-
graph (1)(b) ( security not
transferable by delivery ) ".
1552 Finance Act 1973
с .51
SCH. 22 Chapter
1963 с. 25-
cont.
Short title
The Finance Act 1963-
cont.
1967 с. 54.
The Finance Act 1967.
1967 с. 81 .
1968 с. 44.
1968 с. 73.
The Companies Act 1967.
The Finance Act 1968.
The Transport Act 1968.
1969 с. 32.
1969 с. 35.
1970 с. 24.
The Finance Act 1969.
The Transport (London)
Act 1969.
The Finance Act 1970.
Extent of repeal
Section 58( 2) .
In section 59, in subsection (1)
the words " and paragraph
( 1)( a ) and (c ) and paragraphs
( 3) and ( 4) of the heading
' Marketable Security ' " , and
in subsection ( 2) the words
from " and section 82" to the
end of the subsection.
In section 62, in subsection ( 4)
the words " 82 and ", and in
subsection (6) the words from
" and in section 82" to the
end of the subsection.
Section 28.
In section 29, subsection (1 ,
in subsection ( 3) the words
"( 1) and " and subsection ( 4).
Section 44( 8).
Section 56.
In section 160, in subsection (3)
in paragraph ( a) the words
66 "
or an issue of loan capital
and or issue " and in each66
of paragraphs (b) and (c) the
words " or issue of loan
capital " and " or issue " , and
subsection (4).
Section 56.
Section 44( 2).
In Schedule 7, paragraph 15.
1. Subject to paragraphs 2 and 3 below, these repeals have
effect on and after 1st August 1973 but do not apply in relation
to any case where stamp duty may be chargeable after that date
in accordance with subsection (1) of section 49 of this Act.
2. In so far as they relate to duty chargeable-
( a ) by virtue of the heading " Marketable Security " in Schedule
1 to the Stamp Act 1891, and
( b ) under section 8 of the Finance Act 1899 ( on loan capital ),
these repeals shall be deemed to have had effect on and after 1st
January 1973.
3. These repeals are without prejudice to subsections ( 3) (a) and
( 9 ) of section 49 of this Act.
c. 52 1553
HONIS
DIEU
PENSE
MON DROL
Prescription and Limitation
( Scotland) Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 52
An Act to replace the Prescription Acts of 1469, 1474 and
1617 and make new provision in the law of Scotland
with respect to the establishment and definition by posi-
tiveprescription of title to interests in land and of positive
servitudes and public rights of way, and with respect
to the extinction of rights and obligations by negative
prescription; to repeal certain enactments relating to
limitation of proof; to re-enact with modifications
certain enactments relating to the time-limits for
bringing legal proceedings where damages are claimed
which consist of or include damages or solatium in
respect of personal injuries or in respect of a person's
death and the time-limit for claiming contribution
between wrongdoers ; and for purposes connected with
the matters aforesaid . [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
PRESCRIPTION
Positive prescription
1. ( 1 ) If in the case of an interest in particular land, being Interests in
an interest to which this section applies , -
land: general.( a) the interest has been possessed by any person, or by any
person and his successors, for a continuous period of
1554 c. 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART I ten years openly, peaceably and without any judicial
interruption, and
( b) the possession was founded on, and followed the
recording of, a deed which is sufficient in respect of
its terms to constitute in favour of that person a title
to that interest in the particular land, or in land of a
description habile to include the particular land,
then, as from the expiration of the said period, the validity of
the title so far as relating to the said interest in the particular
land shall be exempt from challenge except on the ground that
the deed is invalid ex facie or was forged.
( 2) This section applies to any interest in land the title to
which can competently be recorded.
( 3) In the computation of a prescriptive period for the purposes
of this section in a case where the deed in question is a decree
of adjudication for debt, any period before the expiry of the
legal shall be disregarded .
( 4 ) Where in any question involving an interest in any fore-
shore or in any salmon fishings this section is pled against the
Crown as owner of the regalia, subsection ( 1) above shall have
effect as if for the words " ten years " there were substituted
the words " twenty years " .
( 5) This section is without prejudice to the operation of section
2 of this Act.
Interests in
land: special
cases.
2.-(1) If in the case of an interest in particular land, being
an interest to which this section applies, -
( a) the interest has been possessed by any person, or by
any person and his successors, for a continuous period
of twenty years openly, peaceably and without any
judicial interruption, and
( b) the possession was founded on, and followed the execu-
tion of, a deed ( whether recorded or not ) which is
sufficient in respect of its terms to constitute in favour
of that person a title to that interest in the particular
land, or in land of a description habile to include the
particular land,
then , as from the expiration of the said period, the validity of
the title so far as relating to the said interest in the particular
land shall be exempt from challenge except on the ground that
the deed is invalid ex facie or was forged.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1555
( 2 ) This section applies-
( a ) to the interest in land of the lessee under a lease ;
( b) to any interest in allodial land ;
( c ) to any other interest in land the title to which is of a
kind which, under the law in force immediately before
the commencement of this Part of this Act, was suffi-
cient to form a foundation for positive prescription
without the deed constituting the title having been
recorded.
PART I
( 3) This section is without prejudice to the operation of
section 1 of this Act.
3. (1) If in the case of a positive servitude over land-
Positive
servitudes and
( a ) the servitude has been possessed for a continuous period public rights
of twenty years openly, peaceably and without any ofway.
judicial interruption, and
( b) the possession was founded on, and followed the exеси-
tion of, a deed which is sufficient in respect of its
terms (whether expressly or by implication ) to constitute
the servitude,
then , as from the expiration of the said period, the validity of
the servitude as so constituted shall be exempt from challenge
except on the ground that the deed is invalid ex facie or was
forged .
( 2 ) If a positive servitude over land has been possessed for a
continuous period of twenty years openly, peaceably and without
judicial interruption, then, as from the expiration of that period,
the existence of the servitude as so possessed shall be exempt
from challenge.
( 3) If a public right of way over land has been possessed by
the public for a continuous period of twenty years openly, peace-
ably and without judicial interruption, then, as from the expira-
tion of that period, the existence of the right of way as so
possessed shall be exempt from challenge
( 4 ) References in subsections ( 1) and ( 2) of this section to
possession of a servitude are references to possession of the
servitude by any person in possession of the relative dominant
tenement.
(5) This section is without prejudice to the operation of section
7 of this Act.
1556 c . 52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
4 .- (1) In sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Act references to a
Judicial
judicial interruption, in relation to possession, are references to
interruption ofperiods of
the making in appropriate proceedings, by any person having a
proper interest to do so, of a claim which challenges the
possession for
purposes of
possession in question.
sections 1 , 2
and3.
( 2) In this section" appropriate proceedings " means-
( a ) any proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in
Scotland or elsewhere, except proceedings in the Court
of Session initiated by a summons which is not
subsequently called ;
(b) any arbitration in Scotland ;
( c ) any arbitration in a country other than Scotland, being
an arbitration an award in which would be enforceable
in Scotland.
( 3) The date of a judicial interruption shall be taken to be-
( a ) where the claim has been made in an arbitration and the
nature of the claim has been stated in a preliminary
notice relating to that arbitration, the date when the
preliminary notice was served ;
( b) in any other case, the date when the claim was made.
( 4 ) In the foregoing subsection " preliminary notice " in rela-
tion to an arbitration means a notice served by one party to the
arbitration on the other party or parties requiring him or them
to appoint an arbiter or to agree to the appointment of an
arbiter, or, where the arbitration agreement or any relevant
enactment provides that the reference shall be to a person
therein named or designated, a notice requiring him or them to
submit the dispute to the person so named or designated .
Further
provisions
supple-
mentary to
sections 1, 2
and 3.
1874 с. 94.
5.- (1) In sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Act " deed" includes a
judicial decree ; and for the purposes of the said sections any of
the following, namely an instrument of sasine, a notarial instru-
ment and a notice of title, which narrates or declares that a person
has a title to an interest in land shall be treated as a deed
sufficient to constitute that title in favour of that person.
( 2) Where a deed has been at any time ex facie invalid by
reason of an informality of execution within the meaning of
section 39 of the Conveyancing ( Scotland ) Act 1874, but the
appropriate court has subsequently declared, in pursuance of that
section, that it was subscribed by the granter or maker and the
witnesses, the deed shall be deemed for the purposes of the
said sections 1, 2 and 3 not to be, and not at any time to have
been, ex facie invalid by reason of any such informality of
execution.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.52 1557
Negative Prescription PART I
6 .- (1) If, after the appropriate date, an obligation to which Extinction of
this section applies has subsisted for a continuous period of obligations by
five years- prescriptive periods of
( a ) without any relevant claim having been made in relation ve
five years.
to the obligation, and
( b) without the subsistence of the obligation having been
relevantly acknowledged,
then as from the expiration of that period the obligation shall
be extinguished :
Provided that in its application to an obligation under a bill
of exchange or a promissory note this subsection shall have effect
as if paragraph ( b) thereof were omitted.
( 2) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect for defining the
obligations to which this section applies .
( 3) In subsection (1) above the reference to the appropriate
date, in relation to an obligation of any kind specified in
Schedule 2 to this Act is a reference to the date specified in
that Schedule in relation to obligations of that kind, and in
relation to an obligation of any other kind is a reference to the
date when the obligation became enforceable.
( 4 ) In the computation of a prescriptive period in relation
to any obligation for the purposes of this section-
( a) any period during which by reason of-
(i ) fraud on the part of the debtor or any person
acting on his behalf, or
(ii) error induced by words or conduct of the
debtor or any person acting on his behalf,
the creditor was induced to refrain from making a
relevant claim in relation to the obligation, and
( b ) any period during which the original creditor ( while
he is the creditor ) was under legal disability ,
shall not be reckoned as, or as part of , the prescriptive period :
Provided that any period such as is mentioned in paragraph ( a)
of this subsection shall not include any time occurring after the
creditor could with reasonable diligence have discovered the
fraud or error, as the case may be, referred to in that paragraph.
( 5 ) Any period such as is mentioned in paragraph (a ) or (b)
ofsubsection ( 4) of this section shall not be regarded as separating
the time immediately before it from the time immediately after
it .
7.- (1) If, after the date when any obligation to which this Extinction of
section applies has become enforceable, the obligation has sub- obligations by
sisted for a continuous period of twenty years- prescriptive periods of
( a ) without any relevant claim having been made in relation twenty years.
to the obligation, and
1558 c. 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
( b ) without the subsistence of the obligation having been
relevantly acknowledged,
then as from the expiration of that period the obligation shall
be extinguished :
Provided that in its application to an obligation under a bill
of exchange or a promissory note this subsection shall have effect
as if paragraph ( b) thereof were omitted.
( 2) This section applies to an obligation of any kind (including
an obligation to which section 6 of this Act applies), not being
an obligation specified in Schedule 3 to this Act as an impre-
scriptible obligation.
Extinction of
8.-( 1 ) If, after the date when any right to which this section
other rights
relating to
applies has become exercisable or enforceable, the right has
propertyby
subsisted for a continuous period of twenty years unexercised
prescriptive periods of
or unenforced , and without any relevant claim in relation to it
having been made, then as from the expiration of that period
twenty years.
the right shall be extinguished.
( 2) This section applies to any right relating to property,
whether heritable or moveable, not being a right specified in
Schedule 3 to this Act as an imprescriptible right or falling
within section 6 or 7 of this Act as being a right correlative
to an obligation to which either of those sections applies.
Definition of
relevant
claim" for
purposes of
sections 6, 7
and8.
9.- (1) In sections 6 and 7 of this Act the expression " relevant
claim", in relation to an obligation, means a claim made by or
on behalf of the creditor for implement or part-implement of the
obligation, being a claim made-
( a) in appropriate proceedings, or
( b) by such procedure as is mentioned in section 105 of the
1913 с. 20.
Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 ( which relates to the
1948 с. 38.
11
interruption of prescription by certain proceedings)
including that section as applied by section 318 of the
Companies Act 1948 ;
and for the purposes of the said sections 6 and 7 the execution
by or on behalf of the creditor in an obligation of any form of
diligence directed to the enforcement of the obligation shall be
deemed to be a relevant claim in relation to the obligation.
( 2 ) In section 8 of this Act the expression " relevant claim ",
in relation to a right, means a claim made in appropriate proceed-
ings by or on behalf of the creditor to establish the right or to
contest any claim to a right inconsistent therewith.
( 3) Where a claim which, in accordance with the foregoing
provisions of this section, is a relevant claim for the purposes
of section 6, 7 or 8 of this Act is made in an arbitration, and the
nature of the claim has been stated in a preliminary notice
relating to that arbitration, the date when the notice was served
shall be taken for those purposes to be the date of the making of
the claim.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1559
( 4 ) In this section the expression " appropriate proceedings " and, in relation to an arbitration, the expression " preliminary
notice " have the same meanings as in section 4 of this Act.
PART I
10.-( 1 ) The subsistence of an obligation shall be regarded for Relevant
the purposes of sections 6 and 7 of this Act as having been acknowledg-
ment for
relevantly acknowledged if , and only if , either of the following purposes of
conditions is satisfied, namely- sections 6 and
( a ) that there has been such performance by or on behalf 7.
of the debtor towards implement of the obligation as
clearly indicates that the obligation still subsists ;
( b ) that there has been made by or on behalf of the debtor
to the creditor or his agent an unequivocal written
admission clearly acknowledging that the obligation
still subsists.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, where two or more persons
are bound jointly by an obligation so that each is liable for
the whole, and the subsistence of the obligation has been rele-
vantly acknowledged by or on behalf of one of those persons
then-
( a ) if the acknowledgment is made in the manner specified
in paragraph (a ) of the foregoing subsection it shall
have effect for the purposes of the said sections 6 and
7 as respects the liability of each of those persons,
and
( b) if it is made in the manner specified in paragraph
( b ) of that subsection it shall have effect for those
purposes only as respects the liability of the person who
makes it.
( 3) Where the subsistence of an obligation affecting a trust
estate has been relevantly acknowledged by or on behalf of one
of two or more co-trustees in the manner specified in paragraph
(a) or (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the acknowledgment
shall have effect for the purposes of the said sections 6 and 7 as
respects the liability of the trust estate and any liability of each
ofthe trustees.
( 4 ) In this section references to performance in relation to an
obligation include, where the nature of the obligation so requires,
references to refraining from doing something and to permitting
or suffering something to be done or maintained.
11.-(1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and (3) below, any obliga- Obligations to
tion ( whether arising from any enactment, or from any rule ofmake
law or from, or by reason of any breach of, a contract or promise) reparation.
to make reparation for loss, injury or damage caused by an act,
neglect or default shall be regarded for the purposes of section 6
1560 Savings.
Prohibition of
contracting
out .
c. 52 Prescription and Limitation ( Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
of this Act as having become enforceable on the date when the
loss, injury or damage occurred.
( 2) Where as a result of a continuing act, neglect or default
loss, injury or damage has occurred before the cessation of the
act, neglect or default the loss, injury or damage shall be deemed
for the purposes of subsection (1) above to have occurred on
thedate when the act, neglect or default ceased.
( 3) In relation to a case where on the date referred to in
subsection ( 1) above (or, as the case may be, that subsection as
modified by subsection (2) above) the creditor was not aware,
and could not with reasonable diligence have been aware, that
loss, injury or damage caused as aforesaid had occurred, the
said subsection (1) shall have effect as if for the reference therein
to that date there were substituted a reference to the date when
the creditor first became, or could with reasonable diligence have
become, so aware.
( 4 ) Subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above ( with the omission of any
reference therein to subsection (3) above ) shall have effect for the
purposes of section 7 of this Act as they have effect for the
purposes of section 6 of this Act ; and in the said subsections
( 1) and ( 2), as they have effect for the purposes of the said section
7, " injury ” includes personal injuries within the meaning of
Part II of this Act.
12.-(1 ) Where by virtue of any enactment passed or made
before the passing of this Act a claim to establish a right or
enforce implement of an obligation may be made only within
a period of limitation specified in or determined under the
enactment, and, by the expiration of a prescriptive period deter-
mined under section 6, 7 or 8 of this Act the right or obligation
would, apart from this subsection , be extinguished before the
expiration of the period of limitation, the said section shall have
effect as if the relevant prescriptive period were extended so that
it expires-
( a ) on the date when the period of limitation expires, or
( b ) if on that date any such claim made within that period
has not been finally disposed of , on the date when the
claim is sodisposed of.
( 2) Nothing in section 6, 7 or 8 of this Act shall be construed
so as to exempt any deed from challenge at any time on the
ground that it is invalid ex facie or was forged.
13. Any provision in any agreement purporting to provide
in relation to any right or obligation that section 6, 7 or 8
of this Act shall not have effect shall be null.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1561
General PART I
14 .- (1) In the computation of a prescriptive period for the Computation
purposes of any provision of this Part of this Act-
of prescriptive periods.
( a) time occurring before the commencement of this Part
of this Act shall be reckonable towards the prescriptive
period in like manner as time occurring thereafter, but
subject to the restriction that any time reckoned
under this paragraph shall be less than the prescrip-
tive period ;
( b ) any time during which any person against whom the
provision is pled was under legal disability shall (except
so far as otherwise provided by section 6( 4) of this
Act) be reckoned as if the person were free from that
disability ;
( c ) if the commencement of the prescriptive period would,
apart from this paragraph, fall at a time in any day
other than the beginning of the day, the period shall be
deemed to have commenced at the beginning of the
next following day ;
( d ) if the last day of the prescriptive period would, apart
from this paragraph, be a holiday, the period shall,
notwithstanding anything in the said provision, be
extended to include any immediately succeeding day
which is a holiday, any further immediately succeeding
days which are holidays, and the next succeeding day
which is not a holiday ;
( e ) save as otherwise provided in this Part of this Act regard
shall be had to the like principles as immediately before
the commencement of this Part of this Act were applic-
able to the computation of periods of prescription
for the purposes of the Prescription Act 1617.
1617 с. 12.
( 2 ) In this section " holiday " means a day of any of the fol-
lowing descriptions, namely, a Saturday, a Sunday and a day
which, in Scotland, is a bank holiday under the Banking and
Financial Dealings Act 1971 .
1971 с. 80.
15. ( 1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpre-
requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby tation of
assigned to them, namely-
Part I.
" bill of exchange " has the same meaning as it has for
the purposes of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 ;
1882 с. 61." date of execution ", in relation to a deed executed on
several dates, means the last of those dates ;
" enactment " includes an order, regulation, rule or other
instrument having effect by virtue of an Act ;
" holiday " has the meaning assigned to it by section 14 of
this Act;
1562 c. 52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
1921 с. 58 .
Amendments
and repeals
related to
Part I.
1889 с. 63 .
" interest in land" does not include a servitude ;
" land " includes heritable property of any description :
" lease " includes a sub-lease ;
" 6
ود
legal disability means legal disability by reason of
nonage or unsoundness of mind ;
" possession " includes civil possession, and " possessed "
shall be construed accordingly ;
66
prescriptive period ود
means a period required for the
operation of section 1, 2, 3, 6, 7 or 8 of this Act ;
" promissory note " has the same meaning as it has for the
purposes of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 ;
" trustee " includes any person holding property in a
fiduciary capacity for another and, without prejudice
to that generality, includes a trustee within the mean-
ing of the Trusts (Scotland) Act 1921 ; and " trust "
shall be construed accordingly ;
and references to the recording of a deed are references to the
recording thereof in the General Register of Sasines.
( 2 ) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise
requires, any reference to an obligation or to a right includes
a reference to the right or, as the case may be, to the obligation
(if any) , correlative thereto.
( 3) In this Part of this Act any reference to an enactment
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended, and as
including a reference thereto as applied, by or under any other
enactment.
16.- (1) The enactment specified in Part I of Schedule 4 to
this Act shall have effect subject to the amendment there
specified , being an amendment related to this Part of this Act.
( 2) Subject to the next following subsection, the enactments
specified in Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act (which includes
certain enactments relating to the limitation of proof ) are hereby
repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.
(3) Where by virtue of any Act repealed by this section the
subsistence of an obligation in force at the date of the com-
mencement of this Part of this Act was immediately before that
date, by reason of the passage of time, provable only by the
writ or oath of the debtor the subsistence of the obligation
shall (notwithstanding anything in section 38 of the Interpreta-
tion Act 1889, which relates to the effect of repeals ) as from
that date be provable as if the said repealed Acthad not passed.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1563
PART II
LIMITATION OF ACTIONS
17.- ( 1 ) No action of damages where the damages claimed General
consist of or include damages or solatium in respect of personal provision as
injuries to any person shall be brought against any person unless to limitation
ofactions.
it is commenced-
( a ) in the case of an action brought by or on behalf of a
person in respect of injuries sustained by him as a
result of any act, neglect or default, before the expira-
tion of three years from the date when the injuries
were sustained or, where such act , neglect or default
was a continuing one, from that date or the date on
which the act, neglect or default ceased, whichever is
the later ;
( b) in the case of an action brought by or on behalf of a
person to whom a right of action has accrued on the
death of another person in consequence of injuries
sustained by that other person, before the expiration
of three years from the date of that death :
Provided that for the purposes of paragraph (b) of this sub-
section a right of action shall be deemed not to have accrued
to a person on the death of another person by whom injuries
have been sustained if that other person or someone on his
behalf was not, immediately before his death, himself entitled
to bring or continue an action in respect of the injuries.
( 2 ) If on the date when any right of action accrued for
which a period of limitation is prescribed by the foregoing sub-
section the person to whom it accrued was under legal disability
by reason of nonage, or if on that date the said person was or
became under legal disability by reason of unsoundness of mind,
and in either case that person was not in the custody of a parent,
the action may be brought at any time before the expiration
of three years from the date when the person ceased to be under
disability, notwithstanding that the period of limitation has
expired.
For the purposes of this subsection " parent " includes a step-
parent and a grand-parent and in deducing any relationship an
illegitimate person and a person adopted in pursuance of any
enactment shall be treated as the legitimate child of his mother
or, as the case may be, of his adoptor.
18.-( 1) Section 17(1) of this Act shall not afford any defence Extension of
to an action to which this section applies, in so far as the action time-limit for
relates to any right of action in respect of which the require- certain actions.
ments of subsection ( 3 ) of this section are fulfilled.
(2 ) This section applies to any action of damages where the
damages claimed consist of , or include, damages or solatium
1564 c. 52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART II
in respect of personal injuries sustained by the pursuer or any
other person, not being an action to which section 19 of this
Act applies.
( 3) The requirements of this subsection are fulfilled in relation
to a right of action if it is proved that the material facts
relating to that right of action were or included facts of a decisive
character which were at all times outside the knowledge ( actual
or constructive) of the pursuer until a date which was not earlier
than three years before the date on which the action was brought.
( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall be construed as excluding
or otherwise affecting-
( a ) any defence which, in any action to which this section
applies, may be available by virtue of any enactment
other than section 17(1) of this Act (whether it is an
enactment imposing a period of limitation or not) or
by virtue of any rule of law, or
( b) the operation of any enactment or rule of law which,
apart from this section, would enable such an action
to be brought after the end of the period of three years
from the date on which the right of action accrued.
Extension of
19.-( 1) Section 17(1) of this Act shall not afford any defence
time-limit for
to an action to which this section applies, in so far as the action
certain actions brought after
relates to any right of action in respect of which the require-
ments of subsection (3) of this section are fulfilled.
death of
injured
(2) This section applies to any action of damages where the
person.
damages claimed consist of, or include, damages or solatium
in respect of personal injuries sustained by the pursuer or any
other person, being an action brought by or on behalf of a
person to whom a right of action has (apart from subsection (5)
of this section) accrued on the death of another person (in this
section referred to as " the deceased ") in consequence of
personal injuries sustained by the deceased.
( 3) The requirements of this subsection are fulfilled in relation
to a right of action if-
( a ) it is proved that the material facts relating to the right
of action were or included facts of a decisive character
which were outside the knowledge ( actual or construc-
tive ) of the deceased at all times until-
( i ) his death ; or
( ii) a date less than three years before his death ;
or
(iii) where the deceased had brought, and immedi-
ately before his death was continuing, an action in
respect of personal injuries sustained by him, a date
not earlier than three years before the date on which
that action was brought ; and
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1565
( b ) either-
( i) the action was brought not later than three
years after the death of the deceased ; or
(ii) it is proved that the said facts of a decisive
character were at all relevant times outside the know-
ledge (actual or constructive) of each relevant person
until a date which was not earlier than three years
before the date on which the action was brought.
( 4 ) In subsection ( 3) of this section " relevant person "
means
( a ) in relation to an action in respect of a right of action
forming part of the estate of a deceased person, any
person who is or has been a personal representative of
the deceased, including an executor who has not been
confirmed as such; and for the purposes of this para-
graph regard shall be had to any knowledge acquired
by any such person while a personal representative or
previously ;
( b ) in relation to an action brought by or on behalf of a
relative in respect of which the right of action was
( apart from subsection ( 5 ) of this section ) the death of
the deceased, any person by whom or on whose behalf
the action is brought :
Provided that where, in determining whether the
requirements of this paragraph are fulfilled in the
case of any such action as aforesaid, it appears to the
court that these requirements would be fulfilled if
any person had not been included among those by
whom or on whose behalf the action is brought, the
court shall-
( i) determine that question as if he had not been
so included ; but
( ii) direct that, in so far as the action is brought
by or on behalf of that person, subsection ( 1 ) of
this section shall not operate to displace any defence
there mentioned,
and the said subsection (1) shall have effect accordingly.
( 5 ) In relation to an action falling within this section-
(a ) thedeath of the deceased shall not, and
( b ) any circumstances falling within subsection ( 6) of this
section shall,
be regarded for the purposes of this Part of this Act as con-
stituting a right of action .
( 6) The circumstances referred to in paragraph ( b) of sub-
section (5) of this section include any circumstances which would
have constituted a right of action in relation to an action brought
by the deceased before his death in respect of the personal
injuries which caused his death.
PART II
1566 c. 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
Time-limit for
claiming contribution
between
wrongdoers.
1940 с. 42.
1961 с. 27.
provisions. Transitional
( 7) Subsection ( 4) of section 18 of this Act shall have effect
in relation to an action to which this section applies as it has
effect in relation to an action to which that section applies .
20.-(1) Where under section 3 of the Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1940 a person has become
or becomes entitled on or after 31st July 1963 to a right to
recover from another person a contribution in respect of any
damages or expenses, no action to recover a contribution by
virtue of that right shall be brought after the end of the period
of two years from the date on which that right accrued to the
first- mentioned person.
(2) Section 17(2) of this Act shall have effect as if any reference
therein to subsection (1) of that section included a reference to
subsection ( 1) of this section :
Provided that in relation to any action to which the said
section 17(2) applies by virtue of this subsection it shall have
effect as if for the words " three years " therein there were sub-
stituted the words " two years " .
( 3) The foregoing provisions of this section, and the provisions
of section 17( 2) of this Act as extended by the last foregoing
subsection, shall have effect in relation to an arbitration to
recover from a carrier a contribution in respect of damages to
which Article 29 in Schedule 1 to the Carriage by Air Act 1961
applies, as they have effect in relation to an action for that
purpose.
( 4) For the purposes of this section an arbitration shall be
deemed to be commenced when one party to the arbitration
serves on the other party or parties a notice requiring him or
them to appoint an arbiter or to agree to the appointment of an
arbiter, or, where the arbitration agreement provides that the
reference shall be to a person named or designated in the agree-
ment, requiring him or them to submit the dispute to the person
so named or designated.
21.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) of this section and to section
25(3) of this Act, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have
effect in relation to rights of action which accrued before, as
well as rights of action which accrue after, the commencement of
this Part of this Act:
Provided that the said provisions shall not have effect in
relation to rights of action which accrued before 4th June 1954.
( 2 ) Nothing in section 20 of this Act shall affect any action
for a contribution where, before 31st July 1963, decree has been
pronounced against the person seeking to obtain the contribu-
tion; and in this subsection " action " includes " arbitration "
and " decree " includes " decree-arbitral ".
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1567
22.- (1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise
PART II
requires, the following expressions shall have the meanings Interpretation
hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say-
of Part II and
"appropriate advice ", in relation to any fact or circum- supple- mentary
stances, means the advice of competent persons quali- provisions.
fied, in their respective spheres , to advise on the
medical, legal and other aspects of that fact or those
circumstances, as the case may be ;
"personal injuries " includes any disease and any impair-
ment of a person's physical or mental condition ;
" wrongful " includes negligent.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any reference
therein to the material facts relating to a right of action is a
reference to any one or more of the following, that is to say-
( a ) the fact that personal injuries resulted from a wrongful
act or omission ;
( b ) the nature or extent of the personal injuries so resulting ;
( c ) the fact that the personal injuries so resulting were
attributable to that wrongful act or omission, or the
extent to which any of those personal injuries were
so attributable.
( 3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any of the
material facts relating to a right of action shall be taken, at
any particular time, to have been facts of a decisive character
if they were facts which a reasonable person, knowing those
facts and having obtained appropriate advice with respect to them
would have regarded at that time as determining, in relation
to that right of action, that ( apart from any defence under
section 17( 1) of this Act) an action would have a reasonable
prospect of succeeding and of resulting in an award of damages
sufficient to justify the bringing of the action .
( 4 ) Subject to the next following subsection, for the purposes
of this Part of this Act a fact shall, at any time, be taken to have
been outside the knowledge (actual or constructive) of a person
if, but only if , -
( a ) hedid not then know that fact; and
( b ) in so far as that fact was capable of being ascertained
by him, he had taken all such action ( if any) as it was
reasonable for him to have taken before that time for
the purpose of ascertaining it ; and
( c ) in so far as there existed, and were known to him,
circumstances from which, with appropriate advice,
that fact might have been ascertained or inferred, he
had taken all such action ( if any ) as it was reasonable
1568 c. 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
Amendments
and repeals
related to
Part II.
for him to have taken before that time for the purpose
of obtaining appropriate advice with respect to those
circumstances.
( 5 ) In the application of the last foregoing subsection to a
person at a time when he was under a disability and was in the
custody of a parent, any reference to that person in paragraph
(a), (b) or (c) of that subsection shall be construed as a reference
to that parent.
(6) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to the
trial by jury of actions, whether in the Court of Session or the
sheriff court, no action relating to a right of action in respect
of which the operation of section 17(1 ) of this Act is precluded
by virtue of section 18(1) or 19( 1) of this Act shall be tried
by jury.
23.-(1) The enactments specified in Part II of Schedule 4
to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified
in that Schedule, being amendments consequential upon the
provisions of this Part of this Act.
( 2) The enactments specified in Part II of Schedule 5 to this
Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3
of that Schedule.
TheCrown.
Short title ,
commence-
ment and
extent.
PART III
SUPPLEMENTAL
24. This Act binds the Crown.
25.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Prescription and
Limitation ( Scotland) Act 1973 .
(2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, this Act shall come into
operation, as follows : -
( a ) Parts II and III of this Act, Part II of Schedule 4
to this Act and Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act shall
come into operation on the date on which this Act
is passed ;
(b) except as aforesaid this Act shall come into operation
on the expiration of three years from the said date.
( 3 ) Nothing in any provision of this Act shall have effect in
relation to any proceedings brought before that provision comes
into operation.
( 4 ) This Act extends to Scotland only.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1569
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
OBLIGATIONS AFFECTED BY PRESCRIPTIVE PERIODS OF FIVE YEARS
UNDER SECTION 6
1. Subject to paragraph 2 below, section 6 of this Act applies-
( a ) to any obligation to pay a sum of money due in respect of
aparticular period-
(i ) by way of interest ;
(ii ) by way of an instalment of an annuity ;
(iii ) by way of feuduty or other periodical payment
under a feu grant ;
( iv ) by way of ground annual or other periodical
payment under a contract of ground annual ;
( v ) by way of rent or other periodical payment under
a lease;
( vi ) by way of a periodical payment in respect of the
occupancy or use of land , not being an obligation falling
within any other provision of this sub-paragraph ;
( vii) by way of a periodical payment under a land
obligation, not being an obligation falling within any
other provision of this sub -paragraph ;
( b ) to any obligation based on redress of unjustified enrichment,
including without prejudice to that generality any obligation
of restitution , repetition or recompense ;
( c ) to any obligation arising from negotiorum gestio ;
( d ) to any obligation arising from liability ( whether arising from
any enactment or from any rule of law ) to make reparation ;
( e ) to any obligation under a bill of exchange or a promissory
note ;
( f ) to any obligation of accounting, other than accounting for
trust funds ;
( g ) to any obligation arising from, or by reason of any breach
of , a contract or promise, not being an obligation falling
within any other provision of this paragraph.
2. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing paragraph, section 6
of this Act does not apply-
( a ) to any obligation to recognise or obtemper a decree of
court, an arbitration award or an order of a tribunal or
authority exercising jurisdiction under any enactment ;
( b ) to any obligation arising from the issue of a bank note ;
( c ) to any obligation constituted or evidenced by a probative
writ, not being a cautionary obligation nor being an obliga-
tion falling within paragraph 1( a ) of this Schedule :
Part II 2 D
Section6.
1570 c. 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 1
1964 с. 41 .
1970 с. 35.
( d ) to any obligation under a contract of partnership or of
agency, not being an obligation remaining, or becoming.
prestable on or after the termination of the relationship
between the parties under the contract ;
( e ) except as provided in paragraph 1( a ) of this Schedule, to
any obligation relating to land (including an obligation to
recognise a servitude ) ;
( f ) to any obligation to satisfy any claim to terce, courtesy,
legitim, jus relicti or jus relictae, or to any prior right of a
surviving spouse under section 8 or 9 of the Succession
( Scotland ) Act 1964 ;
( g ) to any obligation to make reparation in respect of personal
injuries within the meaning of Part II of this Act or in
respect of the death of any person as a result of such
injuries ;
( h) to any obligation specified in Schedule 3 to this Act as an
imprescriptible obligation.
3.- (1 ) Subject to sub- paragraph ( 2) below, where by virtue of a
probative writ two or more persons (in this paragraph referred to as
"the co -obligants " ) are bound jointly and severally by an obliga-
tion to pay money to another party the obligation shall, as respects
the liability of each of the co-obligants, be regarded for the purposes
of sub- paragraph ( c ) of the last foregoing paragraph as if it were a
cautionary obligation.
( 2 ) Nothing in the foregoing sub-paragraph shall affect any such
obligation as respects the liability of any of the co-obligants with
respect to whom the creditor establishes-
( a ) that that co-obligant is truly a principal debtor, or
( b ) if that co-obligant is not truly a principal debtor, that the
original creditor was not aware of that fact at the time
when the writ was delivered to him.
4. In this Schedule-
( a ) " land obligation " has the same meaning as it has for the
purposes of the Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland)
Act 1970 ;
( b) " probative writ " means a writ which is authenticated by
attestation or in any such other manner as, in relation to
writs of the particular class in question, may be provided by
or under any enactment as having an effect equivalent to
attestation.
Section 6. SCHEDULE 2
APPROPRIATE DATES FOR CERTAIN OBLIGATIONS FOR PURPOSES
OF SECTION 6
1.- (1) This paragraph applies to any obligation, not being part
of a banking transaction, to pay money in respect of-
( a ) goods supplied on sale or hire, or
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52 1571
( b) services rendered ,
in a series of transactions between the same parties (whether under
a single contract or under several contracts ) and charged on con-
tinuing account .
( 2 ) In the foregoing sub-paragraph-
( a ) any reference to the supply of goods on sale includes a
reference to the supply of goods under a hire-purchase
agreement, a credit-sale agreement or a conditional sale
agreement as defined (in each case ) by section 1 of the
Hire-Purchase ( Scotland ) Act 1965 ; and
(b ) any reference to services rendered does not include the work
of keeping the account in question.
( 3) Where there is a series of transactions between a partnership
and another party, the series shall be regarded for the purposes
of this paragraph as terminated (without prejudice to any other
mode of termination ) if the partnership or any partner therein
becomes bankrupt ; but, subject to that, if the partnership ( in the
further provisions of this sub-paragraph referred to as "the old
partnership ") is dissolved and is replaced by a single new partnership
having among its partners any person who was a partner in the
old partnership, then, for the purposes of this paragraph, the new
partnership shall be regarded as if it were identical with the old
partnership.
( 4 ) The appropriate date in relation to an obligation to which
this paragraph applies is the date on which payment for the goods
last supplied, or, as the case may be, the services last rendered ,
became due.
2. (1) This paragraph applies to any obligation to repay the
whole, or any part of , a sum of money lent to, or deposited with,
the debtor under a contract of loan or, as the case may be, deposit.
( 2) The appropriate date in relation to an obligation to which
this paragraph applies is-
( a ) if the contract contains a stipulation which makes provision
with respect to the date on or before which repayment of the
sum or, as the case may be, the part thereof is to be made,
the date on or before which, in terms of that stipulation,
the sum or part thereof is to be repaid ; and
( b ) if the contract contains no such stipulation, but a written
demand for repayment of the sum, or, as the case may be,
the part thereof, is made by or on behalf of the creditor
to the debtor, the date when such demand is made or first
made .
SCH. 2
1965 с. 67.
3.- (1) This paragraph applies to any obligation under a contract
of partnership or of agency, being an obligation remaining, or
becoming, prestable on or after the termination of the relationship
between the parties under the contract.
( 2 ) The appropriate date in relation to an obligation to which this
paragraph applies is-
(a ) if the contract contains a stipulation which makes provision
with respect to the date on or before which performance
PartII 2D2
1572 SCH. 2 Sections 7 & 8 :
Schedule 1.
c . 52
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
of the obligation is to be due, the date on or before which,
in terms of that stipulation, the obligation is to be per-
formed; and
(b ) in any other case the date when the said relationship
terminated.
4 .- (1) This paragraph applies to any obligation-
( a ) to pay an instalment of a sum of money payable by
instalments, or
( b ) to execute any instalment of work due to be executed by
instalments,
not being an obligation to which any of the foregoing paragraphs
applies.
( 2 ) The appropriate date in relation to an obligation to which
this paragraph applies is the date on which the last of the instalments
is due to be paid or, as the case may be, to be executed.
SCHEDULE 3
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WHICH ARE IMPRESCRIPTIBLE FOR THE
PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 7 AND 8 AND SCHEDULE 1
The following are imprescriptible rights and obligations for the
purposes of sections 7( 2 ) and 8( 2 ) of , and paragraph 2( h ) of Schedule
1 to, this Act, namely-
( a ) any real right of ownership in land ;
( b ) the right in land of the lessee under a recorded lease ;
( c ) any right exercisable as a res merae facultatis ;
(d ) any right to recover property extra commercium ;
(e ) any obligation of a trustee-
(i ) to produce accounts of the trustee's intromissions
withany property of the trust ;
(ii ) to make reparation or restitution in respect of
any fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee was a
party or was privy ;
(iii) to make furthcoming to any person entitled thereto
any trust property, or the proceeds of any such property ,
inthe possession of the trustee, or to make good the value
of any such property previously received by the trustee
and appropriated to his own use ;
( f ) any obligation of a third party to make furthcoming to any
person entitled thereto any trust property received by the
third party otherwise than in good faith and in his posses-
sion;
( g ) any right to recover stolen property from the person by whom
it was stolen or from any person privy to the stealing
thereof ;
( h ) any right to be served as heir to an ancestor or to take any
steps necessary for making up or completing title to any
interest in land.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .52
1573
SCHEDULE 4
ENACTMENTS AMENDED
PART I
AMENDMENT TAKING EFFECT ON EXPIRATION OF THREE YEARS
FROM PASSING OF THIS ACT
The Limitation (Enemies and War Prisoners) Act 1945
( 8 & 9 Geo. 6 с. 16 )
In subsection (1) of section 1, as substituted for Scotland by para-
graph ( a ) of section 4, in the list of enactments appended to the
subsection, for the entries relating to the Acts of the Parliament of
Scotland 1579 cap. 21, 1669 cap. 14 and 1695 cap. 7, and to section
37 of the Bills of Exchange ( Scotland ) Act 1772, there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 6 of the Prescription and Limitation
( Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
Sections 16, 23.
PART II
AMENDMENTS TAKING EFFECT ON PASSING OF THIS ACT
The Limitation (Enemies and War Prisoners ) Act 1945
( 8 & 9 Geo. 6 с. 16 )
In subsection (1) of section 1, as substituted for Scotland by para-
graph (a ) of section 4, in the list of enactments appended to the sub-
section, for the entries relating to section 6 of the Law Reform
( Limitation of Actions, etc.) Act 1954 and section 10(1) of the
Limitation Act 1963, added by section 11 of the Limitation Act
1963, there shall be substituted the words " sections 17 and 20(1)
of the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
The Carriage by Air Act 1961
(9 & 10 Eliz. 2 c. 27 )
In section 11( c ), for the words " section six of the Law Reform
( Limitation of Actions, &c. ) Act 1954 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 17 of the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act
1973 ".
The Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1971
( 1971 с. 43 )
In section 4 ( 2 ), for the words " section 6 of the Law Reform
( Limitation of Actions, &c. ) Act 1954 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 22(1) of the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland )
Act 1973 ".
Part II 2D3
1574 c. 52 Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973
Sections 16, 23. SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
PART I
REPEALS COMING INTO FORCE ON EXPIRATION OF THREE YEARS FROM
PASSING OF THIS ACT
Chapter Short Title
1469 с. 4. The PrescriptionAct 1469.
1474 с. 9. The Prescription Act 1474.
1579 с. 19. The Prescription (Ejec-
tions) Act 1579.
1579 с. 21 . The Prescription Act 1579.
1594 с. 24. The Prescription Act 1594.
1617 с. 12. The Prescription Act 1617.
1617 с. 13. The Reduction Act 1617.
1669 с. 14. The Prescription Act 1669.
1669 с. 15. The Interruptions Act
1669.
1685 с. 14. 1695 с. 7. The Prescription Act 1685.
The Cautioners Act 1695.
1696 с. 9. The Prescription Act 1696.
1696 с. 19. The Interruptions Act
1696.
12 Geo. 3. с.
The Bills of Exchange
72.
( Scotland ) Act 1772.
31 & 32 Vict. The Land Writs Regis-
c. 64. tration (Scotland) Act
1868.
45 & 46 Vict. The Bills of Exchange Act
с. 61. 1882.
14 & 15 Geo. 5.
c. 27.
1 & 2 Geo. 6.
с . 24 .
1969 с. 39.
1970 с. 35.
The Conveyancing (Scot-
land ) Act 1924.
The Conveyancing
Amendment (Scotland)
Act 1938 .
The Age of Majority
( Scotland) Act 1969.
The Conveyancing and
Feudal Reform (Scot-
land) Act 1970.
Extent of Repeal
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
Sections 37, 39, 40.
Section 15.
In section 100, the words from
"this section shall not apply"
to the end of the section.
Sections 16, 17.
Section 4.
In Schedule 1, the entry relating
to the Prescription Act 1617.
Section 8.
Prescription and Limitation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 52
1575
PART II
REPEALS COMING INTO FORCE ON PASSING OF THIS ACT
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Law Reform (Limi-
Section 6.
c .36 .
tation of Actions &c.)
Act 1954.
1963 с. 47. The Limitation Act 1963. Part II.
1971 с. 43. The Law Reform ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
1971.
Part I.
In Schedule 1, Part II .
Schedule 2.
SCH. 5
Part II 2D4
c. 53 1577
SINOH
DIEUFT
PENSE
DROIT
MON
Northern Ireland ( Emergency
Provisions) Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 53
An Act to make provision with respect to the following
matters in Northern Ireland, that is to say, proceedings
for and the punishment of certain offences, the detention
of terrorists, the preservation of the peace, the mainten-
ance of order and the detection of crime and to
proscribe and make other provision in connection
with certain organisations there, and for connected
purposes. [25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
TRIAL AND PUNISHMENT OF CERTAIN OFFENCES
1.-( 1 ) No person shall suffer death for murder and a person Punishment
convicted of murder shall, subject to section 73(1) of the for murder.
Children and Young Persons Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 1968 c. 34
( detention of young persons during pleasure), be sentenced to ( Ν.Ι. ).
imprisonment for life.
(2) On sentencing any person convicted of murder to
imprisonment for life the court may at the same time declare
the period which they recommend to the Minister of Home
Affairs for Northern Ireland as the minimum period which in
1578 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
PART I
1953 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 20
( Ν.Ι. ) .
Mode of
trial on
indictment of
scheduled
offences.
their view should elapse before the Minister orders the release
of that person on licence under section 23 of the Prison Act
( Northern Ireland) 1953.
(3) The Minister of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland shall
not release or discharge on licence a person convicted of murder
and serving a sentence of imprisonment for life or detained
under the said section 73(1 ), except after consultation with the
Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland together with the trial
judge, if available.
( 4 ) For the purpose of any proceedings on or subsequent to
a person's trial on a charge of capital murder, that charge
and any plea or finding of guilty of capital murder shall be
treated as being or having been a charge, or a plea or finding
of guilty, of murder only ; and if at the commencement of this
Act a person is under a sentence of death for capital murder, the
sentence shall have effect as a sentence of imprisonment for life .
( 5) In this section " capital murder " means a murder which
immediately before the commencement of this Act is a capital
murder within the meaning of section 10 of the Criminal Justice
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
2.- (1) A trial on indictment of a scheduled offence shall be
conducted by the court without a jury.
( 2) The court trying a scheduled offence on indictment under
this section shall have all the powers, authorities and jurisdiction
which the court would have had if they had been sitting with a
jury, including power to determine any question and to make
any finding which would, apart from this section, be required
to be determined or made by a jury, and references in any enact-
ment to a jury or the verdict or finding of a jury shall be
construed accordingly in relation to a trial under this section.
(3) Where an indictment contains a count alleging a scheduled
offence and another count alleging an offence which at the time
the indictment is presented is not a scheduled offence, the other
count shall be disregarded.
( 4) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, where the
court trying a scheduled offence on indictment are not satisfied
that the accused is guilty of that offence, but are satisfied that
he is guilty of some other offence which is not a scheduled
offence, but of which a jury could have found him guilty on a
trial for the scheduled offence, the court may convict him of that
other offence.
(5) Where the court trying a scheduled offence convict the
accused of that or some other offence, then, without prejudice to
their power apart from this subsection to give a judgement, they
shall, at the time of conviction or as soon as practicable there-
after, give a judgement stating the reasons for the conviction .
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1579
(6) A person convicted of any offence on a trial under this PART I
section without a jury may, notwithstanding anything in section
8 of the Criminal Appeal ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1968, appeal 1968 c. 21 .
to the Court of Criminal Appeal under that section-
( a ) against his conviction, on any ground, without the leave
of the Court of Criminal Appeal or a certificate of the
judge of the court of trial ; and
( b) against sentence passed on conviction, without such
leave, unless the sentence is one fixed by law.
( 7) Where a person is so convicted, the time for giving notice
of appeal under section 20(1) of the said Act of 1968 shall run
from the date of judgement, if later than the date from which it
would run under that subsection.
3.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person Limitation
to whom this section applies and who is charged with a scheduled of power to
offence shall not be admitted to bail except by a judge of the grant bail in
case of
High Court acting in that capacity and, if he is convicted ofsuch scheduled
an offence, shall not be admitted to bail pending any appeal.
offences.
(2) A judge shall not admit any such person to bail unless he
is satisfied that the applicant-
( a ) will comply with the conditions on which he is
admitted to bail ; and
( b) will not interfere with any witness ; and
( c ) will not commit any offence while he is on bail .
(3) Without prejudice to any other power to impose condi-
tions on admission to bail, a judge may impose such conditions
on admitting a person to bail under this section as appear to him
to be likely to result in that person's appearance at the time
and place required or to be necessary in the interests of justice or
for the prevention of crime.
( 4) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any right of appeal
against the refusal of a judge of the High Court to grant bail .
( 5) This section applies to persons who have attained the age
of 14 and are not serving members of any of Her Majesty's
regular naval, military or air forces.
4.-(1) A trial on indictment of a scheduled offence shall Court for
be held only at the Belfast City Commission or the Belfasttrial of
Recorder's Court. scheduled
offences.
( 2) A magistrates' court who commit a person for trial on
indictment for a scheduled offence shall commit him for trial
to the Belfast City Commission or to the Belfast Recorder's
Court, and section 47 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern 1964 с. 21
Ireland ) 1964 (committal to assize or county court) shall have ( N.Ι.) .
effect accordingly.
1580 PART I
Admissibility
ofwritten
statements in
proceedings
relating to
scheduled
offences.
Admissions
by persons
charged with
scheduled
offences.
c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
( 3) A county court judge may at any time, at the request of
the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland, sit and act as a
judge at the Belfast City Commission for the trial on indictment
of a scheduled offence, or for two or more such trials, and
while so sitting and acting shall have all the jurisdiction, powers
and privileges of a High Court judge included in the Commis-
sion, so far as concerns any such trial, except the power to admit
tobail.
( 4 ) A county court judge requested to sit and act as afore-
said for a period of time may, notwithstanding the expiry of that
period , attend at the Belfast City Commission for the purpose
of continuing to deal with, giving judgment in or dealing with
any ancillary matter relating to, any case which may have begun
before him when sitting as a judge at the Commission and shall
have the same jurisdiction, powers and privileges as under sub-
section ( 3) above.
5. In any criminal proceedings for a scheduled offence a
written statement made and signed by any person in the presence
of a constable shall be admissible as evidence of any fact stated
therein of which direct oral evidence by him would be admissible,
if it is shown that-
( a) the maker of the statement is dead, or is unfit by reason
of his bodily condition to attend as a witness or is
unfit to attend as a witness, by reason of a mental
condition which has arisen since he made the state-
ment ; or
( b) he is outside Northern Ireland and it is not reasonably
practicable to secure his attendance ; or
( c ) all reasonable steps have been taken to find him, but
he cannot be found.
6.-(1) In any criminal proceedings for a scheduled offence
a statement made by the accused may be given in evidence by
the prosecution in so far as it is relevant to any matter in issue
in the proceedings and is not excluded by the court in pursuance
of subsection (2) below.
( 2) If, in any such proceedings where the prosecution proposes
to give in evidence a statement made by the accused, prima facie
evidence is adduced that the accused was subjected to torture or
to inhuman or degrading treatment in order to induce him to
make the statement, the court shall, unless the prosecution satis-
fies them that the statement was not so obtained, exclude the
statement or, if it has been received in evidence, shall either
continue the trial disregarding the statement or direct that the
trial shall be restarted before a differently constituted court
(before whom the statement in question shall be inadmissible) .
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1581
7.-( 1) Where a person is charged with possessing a proscribed PART I
article in such circumstances as to constitute an offence to which Onus of proof
this section applies and it is proved that at the time of the inrelation to
alleged offence-
offences of
possession.
( a) he and that article were both present in any premises ;
or
(b) the article was in premises of which he was the occupier
or which he habitually used otherwise than as a member
of the public ;
the court may accept the fact proved as sufficient evidence of
his possessing (and, if relevant, knowingly possessing) that article
at that time unless it is further proved that he did not at that
time know of its presence in the premises in question, or if he
did know, that he had no control over it.
( 2) This section applies to vessels, aircraft and vehicles as it
applies to premises .
( 3) In this section " proscribed article " means an explosive,
firearm, ammunition, substance or other thing ( being a thing
possession of which is an offence under one of the enactments
mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) below ) .
( 4 ) This section applies to scheduled offences under the follow-
ing enactments, that is to say-
The Explosive Substances Act 1883
1883 с. 3.
Section 3, so far as relating to paragraph (b) thereof
( possessing explosive with intent to endanger life or cause serious
damage to property ) .
Section 4 (possessing explosive in suspicious circumstances).
The Firearms Act ( Northern Ireland) 1969
1969 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.) .
Section 1 (possessing firearm or ammunition without, or
otherwise than as authorised by, a firearm certificate ) .
Section 4 ( possessing machine gun or machine pistol or weapon
discharging, or ammunition containing, noxious substance).
Section 14 (possessing firearm or ammunition with intent to
endanger life or cause serious damage to property ) .
Section 15(2) (possessing firearm or imitation firearm at time
of committing, or being arrested for, a specified offence) .
Section 19( 1 ) to (3) (possession of a firearm or ammunition
by a person who has been sentenced to imprisonment, etc.) .
Section 19A (possessing firearm or ammunition in suspicious
circumstances) .
The Protection of the Person and Property Act
( Northern Ireland) 1969
1969 с. 29
( Ν.Ι.) .Section 2 (possessing petrol bomb, etc., in suspicious
circumstances) .
1582 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
PART I 8. ( 1 ) Section 73(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act
Treatment of ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 (under which a court may sentence a
young persons child or young person convicted on indictment of an offence
convicted of
scheduled
punishable in the case of an adult with imprisonment for fourteen
offences.
years or more to detention for a period specified in the sentence )
1968 с. 34
shall have effect in relation to a young person convicted of a
( Ν.Ι.) .
scheduled offence committed while this subsection is in force
with the substitution of the word " five " for the word
" fourteen ".
( 2) Subsection (3) of section 74 of that Act (under which
the maximum length of the term or the aggregate of the terms
for which a person may be committed in custody to a remand
home under paragraph (e ) of subsection ( 1) of that section is one
month ) shall have effect in relation to a young person found
guilty of a scheduled offence committed while this subsection is
in force with the substitution of the words " six months " for
the words " one month ".
Remand
homes and
training
schools.
9.-(1 ) Neither an order under section 51(1) (a) of the
Children and Young Persons Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 (order
for committal of a child or young person to a remand home)
nor a training school order within the meaning of that Act
shall specify the remand home or training school to which the
person to whom it relates is to be sent.
( 2 ) After the said section 51 (1) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 1A ) An order for committal under subsection ( 1 )(a)
shall be authority for the detention of the person to whom
it relates in any remand home and the remand home in
which he is to be detained at any time shall be determined
by the Ministry " .
( 3) In section 53( 2) of the said Act of 1968 (report as to
circumstances of child or young person and as to available train-
ing schools) for the word " available ", in the second place where
it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " the availability
of accommodation at " .
( 4) After section 85( 1) of that Act ( training school orders)
there shall be inserted the following subsections : -
" ( 1A) A training school order shall be authority for the
detention of the person to whom it relates in any training
school and the school in which he is to be detained at
any time shall be determined by the Ministry.
(1B) In the selection of a training school to which a
child or young person is to be sent, the Ministry shall have
regard to his religious persuasion .
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 с. 53 1583
(1C ) If the parent, guardian or nearest adult relative of
a person in respect of whom a training school order has
been made applies to the court for an order under this
subsection and proves to the court that the religious per-
suasion of that person is not as declared under subsection
(1) (b) by the training school order, the court shall by order
declare the religious persuasion of that person to be that
so proved and send a copy of its order to the Ministry ;
but no such application shall be made with respect to any
person later than thirty days after the training school order
relating to him was made.
(1D ) The court to which an application under subsection
(1C ) is to be made is-
( a) if the training school order was made by a juvenile
court or other court of summary jurisdiction, a
juvenile court acting for the same petty sessions
district as that court ;
( b) in any other case, a juvenile court acting for the
petty sessions district in which the applicant
resides. "
(5) After section 132( 4) of the said Act of 1968 (power to make
rules about remand homes) there shall be inserted the following
subsections : -
66 ( 4A) Rules under subsection ( 4 ) may also make pro-
vision whereby a person in custody in a remand home may
be temporarily released or may on the ground of his industry
and good conduct be granted such remission as may be
prescribed by the rules.
( 4B) On the discharge of a person from a remand home
in pursuance of remission granted under any such rules ,
the order for his committal to the remand home shall
cease to have effect " .
PART I
PART II
POWERS OF ARREST, DETENTION, SEARCH
AND SEIZURE, ETC.
10.-(1 ) Any constable may arrest without warrant any person Arrest and
whom he suspects of being a terrorist.
detention of
terrorists.
( 2 ) For the purpose of arresting a person under this section
a constable may enter and search any premises or other place
where that person is or where the constable suspects him of
being .
( 3) A person arrested under this section shall not be detained
in right of the arrest for more than seventy-two hours after his
arrest, and section 132 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern 1964 с . 21
( Ν.Ι.).
1584 c. 53 Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
PART II
1968 с. 34
( Ν.Ι.) .
Constables '
general power of
arrest and
seizure.
Powers of
arrest of
members
of Her
Majesty's
forces.
Power to
search for
munitions.
Ireland ) 1964 and section 50( 3) of the Children and Young
Persons Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 ( requirement to bring
arrested person before a magistrates' court not later than forty-
eight hours after his arrest) shall not apply to any such person.
( 4 ) Where a person is arrested under this section, an officer
of the Royal Ulster Constabulary not below the rank of chief
inspector may order him to be photographed and to have his
finger prints and palm prints taken by a constable, and a
constable may use such reasonable force as may be necessary
for that purpose.
(5) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the detention of terrorists and persons suspected
of being terrorists .
11.-( 1 ) Any constable may arrest without warrant any person
whom he suspects of committing, having committed or being
about to commit a scheduled offence or an offence under this
Act which is not a scheduled offence.
( 2 ) For the purposes of arresting a person under this section
a constable may enter and search any premises or other place
where that person is or where the constable suspects him of
being .
( 3) A constable may seize anything which he suspects is
being, has been or is intended to be used in the commission of
a scheduled offence or an offence under this Act which is not
a scheduled offence.
12.-( 1) A member of Her Majesty's forces on duty may
arrest without warrant, and detain for not more than four hours,
a person whom he suspects of committing, having committed or
being about to commit any offence.
( 2) A person effecting an arrest under this section complies
with any rule of law requiring him to state the ground of arrest
if he states that he is effecting the arrest as a member of Her
Majesty's forces .
( 3) For the purpose of arresting a person under this section
a member of Her Majesty's forces may enter and search any
premises or other place where that person is or, if that person is
suspected of being a terrorist or of having committed an offence
involving the use or possession of an explosive, explosive sub-
stance or firearm, where that person is suspected of being.
13.-( 1 ) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
constable may enter any premises or other place other than a
dwelling-house for the purpose of ascertaining whether there
are any munitions unlawfully at that place and may search
the place for any munitions with a view to exercising the
powers conferred by subsection (4) below.
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c . 53 1585
( 2) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty authorised
by a commissioned officer of those forces or any constable
authorised by an officer of the Royal Ulster Constabulary not
below the rank of chief inspector may enter any dwelling- house
in which it is suspected that there are unlawfully any munitions
and may search it for any munitions with a view to exercising
the said powers.
(3) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
constable may-
( a ) stop any person in any public place and with a view
to exercising the said powers search him for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether he has any munitions
unlawfully with him ; and
( b) with a view to exercising the said powers search any
person not in a public place whom he suspects of
having any munitions unlawfully with him.
( 4) A member of Her Majesty's forces or a constable authorised
to search any premises or other place or any person under
this Act may seize any munitions found in the course of the
search unless it appears to the person so authorised that the
munitions are being, have been and will be used only for a
lawful purpose and may retain and, if necessary, destroy them.
(5 ) In this section " munitions " means
( a) explosives, explosive substances, firearms and ammuni-
tion; and
( b) anything used or capable of being used in the manufac-
ture of any explosive, explosive substance, firearm or
ammunition.
PART II
14.-( 1) An inspector appointed under section 53 of the Powers of
Explosives Act 1875 may, for the purpose of ascertaining explosives
whether there is unlawfully in any premises or other place other inspectors .
than a dwelling-house any explosive or explosive substance, enter
1875 с. 17.that place and search it with a view to exercising the powers
conferred by subsection (3) below.
( 2) Any such inspector may stop any person in a public place
and search him for the purpose of ascertaining whether he has
any explosive or explosive substance unlawfully with him with
a view to exercising the said powers.
( 3) Any such inspector may seize any explosive or explosive
substance found in the course of a search under this section
unless it appears to him that it is being, has been and will be
used only for a lawful purpose and may retain and, if necessary,
destroy it .
1586 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
PART II
Entry to
search for
persons unlawfully
detained.
15. Where any person is believed to be unlawfully detained
in such circumstances that his life is in danger, any member of
Her Majesty's forces on duty or any constable may enter any
premises or other place for the purpose of ascertaining whether
that person is so detained there, but a dwelling- house may be
entered in pursuance of this section by a member of Her
Majesty's forces only when authorised to do so by a commis-
sioned officer of those forces and may be so entered by a
constable only when authorised to do so by an officer of the
Royal Ulster Constabulary not below the rank of chief inspector.
Power to stop
16.-( 1 ) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
and question. constable may stop and question any person for the purpose
of ascertaining that person's identity and movements and what
he knows concerning any recent explosion or any other incident
endangering life or concerning any person killed or injured in
any such explosion or incident.
( 2) Any person who fails to stop when required to do so under
this section , or who refuses to answer or fails to answer to the
best of his knowledge and ability, any question addressed to him
under this section, shall be liable on summary conviction to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine
not exceeding £400, or both.
General
powers of
entry and
interference
with rights of
property and
with highways.
17.-( 1 ) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty or any
constable may enter any premises or other place-
( a) if he considers it necessary to do so in the course of
operations for the preservation of the peace or the
maintenance of order ; or
(b) if authorised to do so by or on behalf of the Secretary
ofState.
( 2) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty, any con-
stable or any person specifically authorised to do so by or on
behalf of the Secretary of State may, if authorised to do so by
or on behalf of the Secretary of State-
( a ) take possession of any land or other property ;
( b ) take steps to place buildings or other structures in a
state of defence ;
( c ) detain any property or cause it to be destroyed or
moved ;
(d ) do any other act interfering with any public right or
with any private rights of property, including carrying
out any works on any land of which possession has
been taken under this subsection.
( 3) Any member of Her Majesty's forces on duty, any con-
stable or any person specifically authorised to do so by or on
behalf of the Secretary of State may, so far as he considers it
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 immediately necessary for the preservation of the peace or the maintenance of order, wholly or partly close a highway or divert
or otherwise interfere with a highway or the use of a highway,
or prohibit or restrict the exercise of any right of way or the use
of any waterway.
( 4) Any person who, without lawful authority or reasonable
excuse (the proof of which lies on him ), interferes with works
executed, or any apparatus, equipment or any other thing
used, in or in connection with the exercise of powers conferred
by this section shall be liable on summary conviction to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not
exceeding £ 400, or both.
( 5) Any authorisation to exercise any powers under any provi-
sion of this section may authorise the exercise of all those powers,
or powers of any class or a particular power so specified, either
by all persons by whom they are capable ofbeing exercised or by
persons of any class or a particular person so specified.
PART II
18.-( 1 ) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act-
Supple-
mentary
( a ) to enter any premises or other place includes power to provisions.
enter any vessel, aircraft or vehicle ;
(b) to search any premises or other place includes power to
stop and search any vehicle or vessel or any aircraft
which is not airborne and search any container ;
and in this Part of this Act references to any premises or place
shall be construed accordingly and references to a dwelling-
house shall include references to a vessel or vehicle which is
habitually stationary and used as a dwelling.
( 2) Any power so conferred to enter any place, vessel, aircraft
or vehicle shall be exercisable, if need be, by force.
( 3) Any power conferred by virtue of this section to search
a vehicle or vessel shall, in the case of a vehicle or vessel which
cannot be conveniently or thoroughly searched at the place
where it is, include power to take it or cause it to be taken to
any place for the purpose of carrying out the search.
( 4 ) Any power conferred by virtue of this section to search
any vessel , aircraft, vehicle or container includes power to
examine it.
( 5) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act to stop any
person includes power to stop a vessel or vehicle or an aircraft
which is not airborne .
( 6 ) Any person who, when required by virtue of this section
to stop a vessel or vehicle or any aircraft which is not airborne,
fails to do so shall be liable on summary conviction to imprison-
ment to a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not
exceeding £ 400, or both.
1587
1588 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
PART II
1868 с. 37.
Proscribed
organisations.
( 7 ) A member of Her Majesty's Forces exercising any power
conferred by this Part of this Act when he is not in uniform
shall, if so requested by any person at or about the time of
exercising that power, produce to that person documentary
evidence that he is such a member.
( 8) The Documentary Evidence Act 1868 shall apply to any
authorisation given in writing under this Part of this Act by or
onbehalfof the Secretary of State as it applies to any order made
byhim .
PART III
OFFENCES AGAINST PUBLIC SECURITY AND PUBLIC
ORDER
19.-( 1) Subject to subsection (7 ) below, any person who-
(a) belongs or professes to belong to a proscribed organisa-
tion ; or
( b) solicits or invites financial or other support for a
proscribed organisation, or knowingly makes or
receives any contribution in money or otherwise to the
resources of a proscribed organisation,
shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £ 400,
or both, and on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or both.
( 2 ) The court by or before whom a person is convicted of an
offence under this section may order the forfeiture of any money
or other property which at the time of the offence he had in
his possession or under his control for the use or benefit of the
proscribed organisation .
(3) The organisations specified in Schedule 2 to this Act are
proscribed organisations for the purposes of this section ; and
any organisation which passes under a name mentioned in that
Schedule shall be treated as proscribed, whatever relationship
( if any) it has to any other organisation of the same name.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by order add to Schedule 2
to this Act any organisation that appears to him to be concerned
in terrorism or in promoting or encouraging it.
(5) The Secretary of State may also by order remove an
organisation from Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 6 ) The possession by a person of a document addressed to
him as a member of a proscribed organisation, or relating or
purporting to relate to the affairs of a proscribed organisation,
or emanating or purporting to emanate from a proscribed
organisation or officer of a proscribed organisation, shall be
evidence of that person belonging to the organisation at the
time when he had the document in his possession.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1589
( 7 ) A person belonging to a proscribed organisation shall- PART III
( a ) if the organisation is a proscribed organisation by virtue
of an order under subsection ( 4 ) above ; or
( b) if this section has ceased to be in force but has been
subsequently brought into force by an order under
section 30(3) below ;
not be guilty of an offence under this section by reason of
belonging to the organisation if he has not after the coming into
force of the order under subsection (4 ) above or the coming into
force again of this section, as the case may be, taken part in any
activities of the organisation.
( 8) In section 4 of the Criminal Injuries to Persons ( Compen- 1968 c. 9
sation) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 (assessment of compen- (N.I.).
sation ) and in the Criminal Injuries to Property (Compensation ) 1971 c. 38
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1971, in their application to an injury
( N.I.) .
or damage caused by an act committed while this section is in
force, " unlawful association " includes a proscribed organisation.
20.-( 1 ) No person shall, without lawful authority or reason- Unlawful
able excuse ( the proof of which lies on him) , collect, record, collection,
publish, communicate or attempt to elicit, any information with etc. of
information .
respect to the police or Her Majesty's forces which is of such a
nature as is likely to be useful to terrorists, or have in his posses-
sion any record of or document containing any such informa-
tion ; and if any person contravenes this section, he shall be
liable-
( a) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £ 400,
or both ;
( b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding five years or a fine, or both.
( 2) The court by or before whom a person is convicted of an
offence under this section may order the forfeiture of any record
or document mentioned in subsection ( 1) above which is found
in his possession.
(3) In subsection ( 1) above the reference to recording informa-
tion includes a reference to recording it by means of photography
or by any other means.
( 4) Without prejudice to section 33 of the Interpretation Act 1889 c. 63 .
1889 (offences under two or more laws) nothing in this section
shall derogate from the operation of the Official Secrets Acts
1911 and 1920.
21.-( 1 ) Where any commissioned officer of Her Majesty's Failure to
forces or any officer of the Royal Ulster Constabulary not below disperse when
the rank of chief inspector is of opinion that any assembly of required to
three or more persons may lead to a breach of the peace or do so.
1590 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
PART III
public disorder or may make undue demands on the police or
Her Majesty's forces he, or any member of those forces on duty
or any constable may order the persons constituting the assembly
to disperse forthwith.
( 2) Where an order is given under this section with respect
to an assembly, any person who thereafter joins or remains in
the assembly or otherwise fails to comply with the order shall be
liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £ 400, or both.
Riotous and
disorderly
behaviour, etc.
1968 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
22. Section 9(1) of the Criminal Justice ( Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968 ( punishment for riotous,
disorderly and indecent behaviour, etc.) shall have effect in
relation to an offence committed while this section is in force as
if for the words from "
on summary conviction " to the end of
the subsection there were substituted the words 66
on summary
conviction-
( a) if his conviction is for riotous behaviour in, or any
behaviour whereby a breach of the peace is likely to
be occasioned in, a street, road, highway or other
public place, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
eighteen months ; and
( b) in any other case, to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £100,
or both.".
Dressing or
23. Any person who in a public place dresses or behaves
behaving in a
in such a way as to arouse reasonable apprehension that he is a
public place
like a member
member of a proscribed organisation shall be liable on summary
ofaproscribed conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months
organisation. or to a fine not exceeding £ 400, or both.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Supple- 24.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make pro-
mentary vision additional to the foregoing provisions of this Act for pro-
regulations for preserving moting the preservation of the peace and the maintenance of
the peace, etc. order.
( 2) Any person contravening or failing to comply with the
provisions of any regulations under this section or any instrument
or directions under any such regulations shall be liable on
summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding .
six months or to a fine not exceeding £ 400, or both.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1591
(3) The regulations contained in Schedule 3 to this Act shall
PART IV
be deemed to have been made under this section and to have
been approved in draft by each House of Parliament, and may
be varied or revoked accordingly.
25.-( 1 ) Where under this Act any real or personal property Provisions as
is taken, occupied, destroyed or damaged, or any other act is to
done interfering with private rights of property, compensation compensation.
shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be payable by
the Ministry.
( 2) Any question as to compensation under this section shall,
in default of agreement, be referred for determination to the
county court or an arbitrator to be appointed by that court ,
and the procedure for determining any question so referred
shall be that prescribed by rules made by the Lord Chief
Justice of Northern Ireland after consultation with the Ministry.
( 3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as giving to
any person by whom an offence has been committed any right
to compensation in respect of property taken, occupied, destroyed
or damaged or in respect of any other act done in connection
with the offence .
26.-( 1 ) A prosecution shall not be instituted in respect of Restriction of
any offence under this Act except by or with the consent of prosecutions.
the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland.
(2) Article 7 of the Prosecution of Offences ( Northern Ireland ) S.I. 1972/538
Order 1972 shall apply in relation to any offence under this Act ( N.I. 1).
as if the provision creating that offence were a consent pro-
vision within the meaning of that Article.
27.-(1) In this Act " scheduled offence " means an offence The scheduled
specified in Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act, subject, however, offences .
to any relevant note contained in that Part.
( 2) Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to
offences related to those specified in Part I of that Schedule .
(3) The Secretary of State may by order amend that Schedule
( whether by adding an offence to, or removing an offence from,
either Part of that Schedule, or otherwise) .
28.-(1 ) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Interpretation.
requires-
" constable " includes any member of the Royal Naval,
Military or Air Force Police ;
1592 PART IV
1970 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.) .
c. 53 Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
" dwelling- house " means any building or part of a build-
ing used as a dwelling ;
"enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland ;
" explosive ود
means any article or substance manufactured
for the purpose of producing a practical effect by
explosion ;
"explosive substance " means any substance for the time
being specified in regulations made under section 3 of
the Explosives Act ( Northern Ireland) 1970 ;
" firearm " includes an air gun or air pistol ;
" imitation firearm " means anything which has the appear-
ance of being a firearm, whether capable of being
discharged or not ;
" Ministry " means the Ministry of Home Affairs for
Northern Ireland ;
" offensive weapon " means any article made or adapted for
use for causing injury to or incapacitating a person ;
" proscribed organisation " means an organisation for the
time being specified in Schedule 2 to this Act, including
an organisation which is to be treated as a proscribed
organisation by virtue of section 19(3) above ;
" public place " means a place to which for the time being
members of the public have or are permitted to have
access, whether on payment or otherwise ;
" scheduled offence " has the meaning ascribed to it by
section 27 above ;
66 terrorism " means the use of violence for political ends
and includes any use of violence for the purpose of
putting the public or any section of the public in fear ;
" terrorist" means a person who is or has been concerned
in the commission or attempted commission of any act
of terrorism or in directing, organising or training
persons for the purpose of terrorism ;
" vehicle " includes a hovercraft.
( 2) Any reference in this Act, except so far as the context
otherwise requires , to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended, applied or extended
by or under any other enactment, including this Act.
( 3) Any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parlia-
ment of Northern Ireland or to an enactment which that Parlia-
ment has power to amend shall be construed as including a
reference to any enactment of the Parliament of Northern
Ireland passed after this Act and re -enacting the said enactment
with or without modifications.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1593
29.-( 1 ) Any power to make orders or regulations conferred
PART IV
by this Act (except the powers to make orders conferred by Orders and
Schedules 1 and 3 to this Act ) shall be exercisable by statutory regulations .
instrument.
( 2) Any power to make an order under any provision of this
Act shall include power to vary or revoke any order under that
provision.
( 3) No order or regulations under this Act (except an order
under either of the said Schedules) shall be made unless either a
draft of the order or regulations has been approved by resolution
of each House of Parliament or it is declared in the order or
regulations that it appears to the Secretary of State that by
reason of urgency it is necessary to make the order or regula-
tions without a draft having been so approved.
( 4 ) Orders and regulations under this Act (except an order
under either of the said Schedules and except an order or regu-
lations of which a draft has been so approved ) shall be laid
before Parliament after being made and, if at the end of the
period of 40 days ( computed in accordance with section 7( 1 )
of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946) after the day on which 1946 с. 36.
the Secretary of State made an order or regulations a resolution
has not been passed by each House approving the order or regu-
lations in question, the order or regulations shall then cease to
have effect ( but without prejudice to anything previously done
or to the making of a new order or new regulations) .
30.-( 1 ) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of Commence-
the period of two weeks beginning with the day on which it is ment,
passed . duration,
expiry and
(2) The provisions of this Act, except sections 1, 9 and 25 to revival of
31 and Schedule 5 to this Act, shall remain in force until the
provisions ofthis Act.
expiry of the period of one year beginning with its passing and
shall then expire unless continued in force by an order under this
section.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order provide
( a ) that all or any of the said provisions which are for the
time being in force ( including any in force by virtue
of an order under this section) shall continue in force
for a period not exceeding one year from the coming
into operation of the order ;
(b) that all or any of the said provisions which are for the
time being in force shall cease to be in force ; or
(c ) that all or any of the said provisions which are not for
the time being in force shall come into force again and
1594 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
PART IV
1889 с. 63 .
remain in force for a period not exceeding one year
from the coming into operation of the order.
( 4) The coming into force of any of the following provisions
of this Act, that is to say, sections 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7, whether on
the commencement of this Act or subsequently, shall not affect
any trial on indictment where the indictment has been presented,
or any summary trial which has started, before the coming into
force of that provision, and any such trial shall be conducted as
if the provision had not come into force.
(5) Where before the coming into force of section 4(1) above,
whether on the commencement of this Act or subsequently, a
person has been committed for trial for a scheduled offence
and the indictment has not been presented, then, on the coming
into force of that subsection, he shall-
(a) if he was committed to a court of assize other than the
Belfast City Commission, be treated as having been
committed to the Commission ; and
( b) if he was committed to a county court other than the
Belfast Recorder's Court, be treated as having been
committed to the Belfast Recorder's Court.
(6) The expiry or cesser of any provision mentioned in sub-
section (4) above shall not affect the application of that provision
to any trial on indictment where the indictment has been
presented, or any summary trial which has started, before the
expiry or cesser ; and it is hereby declared that the expiry or
cesser of section 4(2) above shall not affect any committal of a
person for trial under that subsection to the Belfast City
Commission, or the Belfast Recorder's Court, where the indict-
ment has not been presented.
( 7 ) On the expiry or cesser of any provision of this Act
section 38 (2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals)
shall apply as if the provision had been repealed by another
Act and, in the case of section 24 above, any regulations made
thereunder had been enactments.
Short title ,
repeals,
savings and
extent.
1922 с. 5
( Ν.Ι.) .
31.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland
( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 .
( 2) The Civil Authorities (Special Powers) Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1922 and the Criminal Justice ( Temporary Provisions)
Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1970 shall cease to have effect.
( 3) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act (which
include enactments which were obsolete or unnecessary before
the passing of this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified
in column 3 of that Schedule.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 с. 53 1595
( 4) Section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals)
PART IV
shall apply to the repeal by this Act of any Act or enactment 1889 c. 63.
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and to the cesser of any
order or regulations made under any enactment repealed by this
Act as it applies to the repeal of any Act or enactment of the
Parliament of the United Kingdom.
( 5) Any instrument made, any direction or authorisation
given or any other thing done under any enactment repealed
by this Act or any order or regulations made under any such
enactment shall, so far as it could have been made, given or
done under any provision of this Act have effect as if it had been
made, given or done under that provision.
(6) The repeal by this Act of section 1 of the Offences against 1861 c. 100.
the Person Act 1861 shall not affect the operation of sections 64,
65, and 68 of that Act which shall continue to apply in relation
to murder as if this Act had not been passed.
(7) Neither any rule of law nor any enactment other than
this Act nor anything contained in a commission issued for the
trial of any person shall be construed as limiting or otherwise
affecting the operation of any provision of this Act for the time
being in force, but-
(a) subject to the foregoing, any power conferred by this
Act shall not derogate from Her Majesty's prerogative
or any powers exercisable apart from this Act by virtue
of any rule of law or enactment ; and
(b) subject to the foregoing and to section 30(6) above, a
provision of this Act shall not affect the operation of
any rule of law or enactment at a time when the pro-
vision is not in force.
(8) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland only.
1596 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
Section 10.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
DETENTION OF TERRORISTS
PART I
COMMISSIONERS AND APPEAL TRIBUNAL
1. For the purposes of this Act there shall be-
(a ) commissioners appointed by the Secretary of State ; and
( b ) a Detention Appeal Tribunal ( hereafter in this Schedule
referred to as " the Tribunal " ) whose members shall be
appointed by the Secretary of State.
The Commissioners
2. There shall be such number of commissioners as the Secretary
of State may determine.
3. A commissioner shall be a person who holds or has held
judicial office in any part of the United Kingdom or is a barrister,
advocate or solicitor, in each case of not less than ten years ' standing
in any part of the United Kingdom.
4.- ( 1) A commissioner shall hold and vacate his office in accord-
ance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold
office, be eligible for reappointment.
( 2) A commissioner may at any time by notice in writing to the
Secretary of State resign his office .
( 3) The Ministry shall pay to the commissioners such remuneration
and allowances as the Secretary of State may determine.
5. The Ministry shall appoint such officers and servants for the
commissioners as the Secretary of State may determine.
The Detention Appeal Tribunal
6. The Tribunal shall consist of such number of members as the
Secretary of State may determine, and the Secretary of State shall
appoint one of them to be chairman and may appoint members to
act as deputy chairmen.
7. A member of the Tribunal shall be a person who holds or has
held judicial office in any part of the United Kingdom or is a
barrister, advocate or solicitor, in each case of not less than ten
years' standing in any part of the United Kingdom .
8. A commissioner may be appointed to be a member of the
Tribunal, but shall not act as such in the case of an appeal against
a decision of his.
9.- (1) A member of the Tribunal shall hold and vacate his office
in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on
ceasing to hold office, be eligible for reappointment.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c .53 1597
( 2) A member of the Tribunal may at any time by notice in writing
to the Secretary of State resign his office.
( 3) The Ministry shall pay to the members of the Tribunal such
remuneration and allowances as the Secretary of State may determine.
10. The Ministry shall appoint such officers and servants for the
Tribunal as the Secretary of State may determine.
SCH . 1
PART II
INTERIM CUSTODY ORDERS AND DETENTION ORDERS
Interim Custody Orders
11 .- (1 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a person
is suspected of having been concerned in the commission or attempted
commission of any act of terrorism or in the direction, organisation
or training of persons for the purpose of terrorism, the Secretary
of State may make an interim custody order for the temporary
detention of that person.
( 2 ) An interim custody order of the Secretary of State shall be
signed by the Secretary of State or a Minister of State or Under-
Secretary of State.
( 3) A person shall not be detained under an interim custody order
for a period of more than twenty-eight days from the date of the
order unless his case is referred by the Chief Constable to a
commissioner for determination, and where a case is so referred
the person concerned may be detained under the order only until
his case is so determined.
( 4) A reference to a commissioner shall be by notice in writing,
of which a copy shall be sent to the Secretary of State and to the
person to whom it relates.
Adjudication by Commissioner
12. Where the case of a person detained under an interim custody
order (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " the respondent ")
is referred to a commissioner, the commissioner shall enquire into
that case for the purpose of deciding whether or not he is satisfied
that-
( a ) the respondent has been concerned in the commission or
attempted commission of any act of terrorism or the direc-
tion, organisation or training of persons for the purpose of
terrorism ; and
( b) his detention is necessary for the protection of the public.
13. Not less than seven days before the hearing of a case for
determination under paragraph 12 above, the respondent shall be
served with a statement in writing as to the nature of the terrorist
activities which are to be the subject of the inquiry.
1598 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
SCH. 1 14.- (1) Proceedings before a commissioner shall take place in
private .
( 2 ) The respondent shall, subject to paragraph 17 below, be
present on the hearing of a reference unless the commissioner directs
his removal on the grounds of his disorderly conduct.
15. On the hearing of a reference, the respondent shall be
entitled to give and adduce evidence and may make representations
to the commissioner, whether orally or in writing, and may be
represented by counsel or a solicitor.
16. On the hearing of a reference a commissioner may-
(a) receive oral, documentary or other evidence, notwithstanding
that the evidence would be inadmissable in a court of
law ;
( b) question any person, including the respondent ;
( c ) cause inquiries to be made in relation to any matter.
17. Where, in relation to any part of the proceedings, it appears
to the commissioner that it would be contrary to the interests of
public security or might endanger the safety of any person for that
part of the proceedings to take place in the presence of the respon-
dent, the respondent and his representatives shall be excluded
accordingly.
18. Where any part of the proceedings takes place in the absence
of the respondent and his representatives in pursuance of paragraph
17 above, the commissioner shall, in so far as the needs of public
security and the safety of persons permit, inform the respondent
and his representatives of the substance of the matters dealt with
during that part of the proceedings .
19. A commissioner may require any person to give evidence on
oath or by affirmation, and for that purpose an oath or affirmation
in due form may be administered.
20.- (1) A commissioner-
(a ) may by summons in writing require any person to attend
as a witness at such time and place as may be specified
in the summons ; and
( b) may require any person to answer any question or produce
any documents in his custody or under his control which
relate to any matter in question on the reference,
but a person shall not be required by a summons to go more than
ten miles from his place of residence unless the necessary expenses
of his attendance are paid or tendered to him.
( 2 ) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with
a summons or requirement under sub-paragraph (1) above shall be
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or both.
21. A commissioner may order the payment by the Ministry to
any person of such sums as appear to the commissioner to be
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 c. 53 1599
reasonable in respect of any costs or expenses incurred by that person
in connection with a reference, including the costs of legal represen-
tation of a respondent .
22. A commissioner shall keep or cause to be kept a record
of the proceedings before him, of which a copy shall be sent to
the Secretary of State if requested by him.
23. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a
commissioner may regulate his own procedure.
Detention Orders
24. Where a commissioner decides that he is satisfied in accordance
with the provisions of paragraph 12 above, he shall make a detention
order for the detention of the respondent, and otherwise shall direct
his release.
25.- (1 ) A detention order shall be signed by the commissioner
and shall contain a statement of the grounds on which it is
made.
( 2) A copy of a detention order shall be sent to the respondent
and to the Secretary of State.
SCH. 1
PART III
APPEALS
Notice of appeal
26.-(1 ) Where a detention order has been made in the case
of any person, he may within twenty- one days of the making of
the order appeal by notice in writing to the Tribunal.
( 2 ) The Tribunal shall cause a copy of the notice of appeal
to be sent to the Chief Constable and to the Secretary of State.
27.- (1) A notice of appeal shall indicate the grounds of appeal
and, where appropriate, the nature of any fresh evidence which the
appellant wishes to tender on the hearing of the appeal.
( 2) Where notice of appeal has been given there shall be trans-
mitted to the Tribunal a copy of the detention order and a copy
of the record of the proceedings before the commissioner, which
shall be in such a form as to indicate any part of the proceedings
which took place in the absence of the appellant.
( 3) An appellant shall be entitled to receive a copy of the record
of the proceedings before the commissioner, excluding any part
of the proceedings which under paragraph 17 above took place in
the absence of the appellant.
Proceedings on appeal
28. Subject to paragraph 8 above, the Tribunal shall be deemed
to be duly constituted if it consists of three members ( or a greater
1600 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
SCH. 1 uneven number of members) ; and the determination of any question
before the Tribunal shall be according to the opinion ofthe majority
of the members hearing the appeal.
29. The hearing of an appeal shall be in private.
30. On the hearing of an appeal-
(a ) the Tribunal shall consider the record of the proceedings
before the commissioner together with any fresh evidence
which may be tendered with the consent of the Tribunal ;
( b ) the appellant may be represented by counsel or a solicitor ;
and
( c ) the appellant shall, subject to paragraph 17 above (as applied
by paragraph 33 below ), be entitled to be present unless
the Tribunal direct his removal on the grounds of his
disorderly conduct.
31. The Tribunal may require the attendance of the appellant if
this appears to them to be necessary .
32. On an appeal, the Tribunal shall, if they are of the opinion
that the commissioner's decision should be set aside, allow the
appeal and direct the discharge of the appellant ; and otherwise
they shall dismiss the appeal .
33. Paragraphs 16 to 21 above shall, with any necessary modifica-
tions, have effect in relation to an appeal as they have effect in
relation to proceedings before a commissioner.
34. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the Tribunal may
regulate their own procedure.
PART IV
SUPPLEMENTAL
Reference for review
35.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may at any time refer to a com-
missioner the case of any person who is for the time being detained
under a detention order, and shall so refer the case of any person
who has been detained for one year since the making of a detention
order or for six months from the determination of the most recent
review under this paragraph.
( 2) On any such reference the commissioner shall review the
case and, unless he considers that the person's continued detention
is necessary for the protection of the public , shall direct his
discharge.
( 3) In determining whether a person has been detained for one
year or for six months no account shall be taken of any time
during which he has been at liberty-
( a ) unlawfully ; or
( b) in consequence of a direction given by the Secretary of
State under paragraph 36( 2) below.
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1601
( 4 ) Paragraphs 14 to 23 above shall have effect in relation to
the proceedings of a commissioner under this paragraph.
Release of persons detained
36.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may direct the discharge at any
time of a person detained under an interim custody order.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may direct the release, subject to such
conditions (if any ) as he may specify, of a person detained under a
detention order.
( 3) The Secretary of State may recall to detention a person released
subject to conditions under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above, and a person
so recalled may be detained under the original detention order.
Supplementary provisions as to detention
37.- (1 ) A person required to be detained under an interim custody
order or a detention order may be detained in a prison or in some
other place approved for the purposes of this paragraph by the
Secretary of State.
( 2 ) Aperson for the time being having custody of a person required
to be detained as aforesaid shall have all the powers, authorities,
protection and privileges of a constable .
( 3) Subject to any directions of the Secretary of State, a person
detained as aforesaid shall be treated as nearly as may be as if he
were a prisoner detained in a prison on remand and any power of
temporary removal for judicial, medical or other purposes shall apply
accordingly.
( 5 ) If any person-
(a ) who is detained under an interim custody order or detention
order, escapes ; or
(b ) fails to return to detention when recalled under paragraph
36( 3) above.
he may be arrested without warrant by any constable or any member
of Her Majesty's Forces on duty.
Offences of escape, rescue, etc.
38. Any person who-
( a ) being detained under an interim custody order or a detention
order, escapes ;
( b ) rescues any person detained as aforesaid, or assists a person
so detained in escaping or attempting to escape ; or
( c ) knowingly harbours any person required to be detained
under an interim custody order or detention order, or gives
him any assistance with intent to prevent, hinder or interfere
with his being taken into custody,
shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or both.
Part II 2E
SCH. 1
1602 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Interpretation
39. In this Schedule-
" Chief Constable " means the Chief Constable or an assistant
chief constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary ;
" detention order " means an order made by a commissioner
for the detention of a person ;
" interim custody order " means an order made by the Secretary
of State for the temporary detention of a person.
Section 19.
SCHEDULE 2
PROSCRIBED ORGANISATIONS
The Irish Republican Army.
Cumann na m'Ban.
Fianna na h'Eireann .
Saor Eire.
Sinn Fein.
The Ulster Volunteer Force.
Section 24.
SCHEDULE 3
THE NORTHERN IRELAND (EMERGENCY PROVISIONS)
REGULATIONS 1973
Title
1. These regulations may be cited as the Northern Ireland ( Emer-
gency Provisions) Regulations 1973 .
Road traffic
2. The Secretary of State may by order prohibit, restrict or
regulate in any area the use of vehicles or any class of vehicles on
highways or the use by vehicles or any class of vehicles of roads or
classes of roads specified in the order, either generally or in such
circumstances as may be so specified.
Railways
3. The Secretary of State, or any officer of the Royal Ulster
Constabulary not below the rank of assistant chief constable, may
direct any person having the management of a railway to secure
that any train specified in the direction or trains of any class so
specified shall stop, or shall not stop, at a station or other place so
specified .
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 с. 53 1603
Funerals
4. Where it appears to an officer of the Royal Ulster Constabulary
not below the rank of chief inspector that a funeral may occasion
a breach of the peace or serious public disorder, or cause undue
demands to be made on Her Majesty's forces or the police, he may
give directions imposing on the persons organising or taking part in
the funeral such conditions as appear to him to be necessary for the
preservation of public order including (without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing) conditions-
( a ) prescribing the route to be taken by the funeral ;
( b ) prohibiting the funeral from entering any place specified
in the directions ;
( c ) requiring persons taking part in the funeral to travel in
vehicles.
SCH. 3
Closing of licensed premises, clubs, etc.
5. The Secretary of State may by order require that premises
licensed under the Licensing Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1971, premises 1971 c. 3 ( N.I.).
registered under the Registration of Clubs Act ( Northern Ireland) 1967 c. 27 ( N.I.).
1967 or any place of entertainment or public resort shall be closed
and remain closed, either for an indefinite period or for a period,
or until an event, specified in the order or shall be closed at a par-
ticular time either on all days or on any day so specified.
SCHEDULE 4
Section 27.
THE SCHEDULED OFFENCES
PART I
SUBSTANTIVE OFFENCES
Common law offences
1. Murder, subject to note 1 below.
2. Manslaughter, subject to note 1 below.
3. The common law offence of arson.
4. The common law offence of riot.
Malicious Damage Act 1861
5. Offences under the following provisions of the Malicious Damage
Act 1861-
( a ) section 1 ( setting fire to church, etc.) ;
( b) section 2 (setting fire to a dwelling house while a person
is inside ) ;
( c ) section 3 (setting fire to house, outhouse or business or
farming premises with intent to injure or defraud any
person ) ;
(d ) section 4 (setting fire to railway station, etc.) ;
(e ) section 5 (setting fire to any public building) ;
Part II 2E2
1861 с. 97.
1604 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
SCH. 4
1861 с. 100.
1883 с. 3.
1968 c. 28 (N.Ι.) .
( f ) section 6 (setting fire to other buildings) ;
( g ) section 7 (setting fire to things in or near a building);
( h) section 9 ( destroying or damaging building while a person
is inside or so as to endanger life ) ;
( i ) section 10 (placing explosive in or near a building with
intent to destroy or damage property) ;
( j ) section 11 (riotous demolition of building) ;
(k ) section 12 (riotously injuring building, machinery, etc.) ;
(1 ) section 16 (setting fire to crops, tree plantations, etc.) ;
(m ) section 17 ( setting fire to haystacks, etc.) ;
( n ) section 45 (placing explosive in or near ship with intent
to damage it or other property ) .
Offences against the Person Act 1861
6. Offences under the following provisions of the Offences against
the Person Act 1861, subject as mentioned below, -
( a ) section 18 (wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily
harm ) subject to note 2 below ;
(b ) section 20 (causing grievous bodily harm ) subject to note 2
below ;
(c ) section 28 ( causing grievous bodily harm by explosives) ;
(d ) section 29 (causing explosion or sending explosive substance
or throwing corrosive liquid with intent to cause grievous
bodily harm ) ;
( e ) section 30 (placing explosive near building or ship with
intent to do bodily injury) ;
( f ) section 47 (assault occasioning actual bodily harm) subject
to note 2 below.
Explosive Substances Act 1883
7. Offences under the following provisions of the Explosive Sub-
stances Act 1883-
( a ) section 2 (causing explosion likely to endanger life or
damage property) ;
( b ) section 3 (attempting to cause any such explosion, and
making or possessing explosive with intent to endanger
life or damage property) ;
( c ) section 4 (making or possessing explosives in suspicious
circumstances) .
Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1968
8. Offences under section 9 of the Criminal Justice ( Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1968 (riotous behaviour) subject to
note 3 below.
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1973 c. 53 1605
Firearms Act (Northern Ireland) 1969 SCH. 4
9. Offences under the following provisions of the Firearms Act 1969 c. 12 ( N.I.).
( Northern Ireland ) 1969-
( a ) section 1 ( possessing, purchasing or acquiring firearms or
ammunition without certificate) ;
( b) section 2 (manufacturing, dealing in, repairing, etc. , firearms
or ammunition without being registered) ;
(c ) section 3 ( shortening barrel of shotgun or converting imita-
tion firearm into firearm ) ;
(d ) section 4 ( manufacturing, dealing in or possessing machine
gun or pistol, or weapon discharging, or ammunition con-
taining, noxious substance) ;
(e ) section 14 (possessing firearm or ammunition with intent to
endanger life or cause serious damage to property ) ;
( f ) section 15 (use or attempted use of firearm or imitation fire-
arm to prevent arrest of self or another, etc.) ;
( g ) section 16 (carrying firearm or imitation firearm with intent
to commit indictable offence or prevent arrest of self or
another ) ;
( h) section 17 (carrying firearm, etc., in public place) ;
(i ) section 19 (possession of firearm by person who has been
sentenced to imprisonment, etc., and sale of firearm to
such a person) ;
( j ) section 19A (possessing firearm or ammunition in suspicious
circumstances) .
Theft Act (Northern Ireland ) 1969
10. Offences under the following provisions of the Theft Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1969, subject as mentioned below, -
( a) section 8 (robbery) subject to note 4 below ;
( b ) section 10 ( aggravated burglary ) subject to note 4 below.
1969 c. 16 (N.Ι. ).
Protection of the Person and Property Act (Northern Ireland ) 1969 1969 c. 29 (N.I. ) .
11. Offences under the following provisions of the Protection of
the Person and Property Act ( Northern Ireland) 1969—
(a ) section 1 (intimidation ) ;
( b) section 2 ( making or possessing petrol bombs, etc.) ;
( c ) section 3 (throwing or using petrol bombs, etc. ).
This Act
12. Offences under the following provisions of this Act : -
( a ) section 19 ;
( b ) section 20 ;
( c ) paragraph 38 of Schedule 1 .
Part II 2E3
1606 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions) Act 1973
SCH. 4 NOTES
1. Neither murder nor manslaughter shall be a scheduled offence
in any particular case in which the Attorney General for Northern
Ireland certifies that it is not to be treated as a scheduled offence.
1861 с. 100. 2. An offence under section 18, 20 or 47 of the Offences against the
Person Act 1861 shall not be a scheduled offence in any particular
case in which the Attorney General for Northern Ireland certifies that
it is not to be treated as a scheduled offence .
1968 c. 28 (N.I. ). 3. An offence under section 9 of the Criminal Justice ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1968 shall be a scheduled
offence only where the maximum term of imprisonment is eighteen
months by virtue of section 22 above.
4. Robbery and aggravated burglary shall be scheduled offences
only where it is charged that an explosive, firearm, imitation fire-
arm or offensive weapon was used to commit the offence.
1967 c. 18 (N.Ι.) .
PART II
INCHOATE AND RELATED OFFENCES
13. Each of the following offences, that is to say-
( a ) aiding, abetting, counselling, procuring or inciting the com-
mission of an offence specified in Part I of this Schedule
( hereafter in this paragraph referred to as a substantive
offence) ;
(b ) attempting or conspiring to commit a substantive offence ;
( c ) an offence under section 4 of the Criminal Law Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1967 of doing any act with intent to
impede the arrest or prosecution of a person who has com-
mitted a substantive offence ;
shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as if it were the sub-
stantive offence.
SCHEDULE 5
REPEALS
Acts
Chapter
Short title
4Geo. 4. c. 48.
The Judgment of Death
Act 1823 .
7 Will. 4 & The Piracy Act 1837.
1 Vict. c. 88.
24 & 25 Vict.
c. 100.
31 & 32 Vict.
c. 24.
The Offences against the
Person Act 1861 .
The Capital Punishment
Amendment Act 1868.
Extent of repeal
In section 1, the words " capital
murder and ".
"
In section 2, the words as in
cases of capital murder " .
Section 1 .
In section 2, the words from
“ "
sentenced to "murder".
Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1607
SCH. 5
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
50 & 51 Vict.
c . 20.
The Criminal Law and
Procedure ( Ireland ) Act
1887.
In section 5, the words from
" This section " to " associa-
tions".
Sections 6 and 7.
In section 12, in subsection (2),
the words " and every special
proclamation ", in both places
where they occur; in sub-
section(3), the words " special
proclamations ", in the first
two places where they occur,
the words 66
or a special pro-
clamation " and the words
"
or special proclamation " ;
and in subsection ( 4 ), the
words " not being a special
proclamation ".
In section 13, the words or
any special proclamation " .
In section 17, the words " or
special proclamation ".
In section 18, the words " and
dangerous associations " .
The whole Act.
12&13 Geo. 5. The Civil Authorities
c. 5 (N.I.).
( Special Powers) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1922.
16 & 17 Geo. 5.
c. 8 (N.I.) .
The Emergency Powers Section 3.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1926.
23 &24Geo. 5.
c. 12 ( N.I.) .
The Civil Authorities The whole Act.
(Special Powers) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1933 .
4 & 5 Geo. 6.
c. 11 (N.I.) .
1943 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Ministries Act The whole Act.
(Northern Ireland) 1940.
The Civil Authorities The whole Act.
( Special Powers) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1943.
1945 с. 15
The Criminal Justice Act
( Ν.Ι.).
( Northern Ireland) 1945.
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Army Act 1955.
c. 18.
In section 39, the words
" capital murder murder " .
In section 215( 4), the words
" and to rules made under
that Act " , the word " respec-
tively " and the words " and
to any rules under that Act
as in force in Northern
Ireland ".
3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Air Force Act 1955. In section 213( 4), the words
c. 19. " and to rules made under
that Act " , the word " respec-
tively " and the words " and
to any rules under that Act
as
in force in Northern
Ireland".
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Naval Discipline Act In section 124(2 ), the words
c. 53.
1957." "
from to section seven to
" said section seven ", ' , the
words " and that section " and
Part II
2E4
1608 c. 53 Northern Ireland (Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973
SCH. 5
Chapter
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
c. 53 -cont .
1958 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.) .
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1966 с. 20
( Ν.Ι. ).
1967 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1968 с. 34
(Ν.Ι. ) .
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Naval Discipline Act
1957 -cont.
the words " and to any rules
under that section as so in
force ".
Section 4.
The Summary Jurisdic-
tion and CriminalJustice
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1958.
The Magistrates' Courts
66 In section 2( 2) , the words from
Act (Northern Ireland)
or section 3( 4) " to " 1922 " .
1964.
In section 41 (1), the words
from " or under the Civil "
to " thereunder" .
Sections 9 to 11 .
The Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Criminal Law Act
( Northern Ireland) 1967.
The Children and Young
Persons Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1968 .
In section 6, in subsection (4),
the words from " Without"
to " this section "; subsection
( 5 ); and in subsection ( 7) ,
the words from " and sec-
tion " to " (5) " .
In Schedule 1 , paragraph 2;
in paragraph 5, the words
"capital murder and " ; para-
graph 10; paragraph 14 (a);
paragraph 16; paragraph 21 ;
and in paragraph 22( c ), the
words " capital murder ".
In section 51(1)(a), the words
" named in the order for
committal " .
In section 73( 1), the words
" under section 9( 2) of the
Criminal Justice Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1966 ".
Section 83(2) to (4) .
Section 85(3)(a) .
In section 86, in subsection (1)
the words 66
or the school to
which the child or young
person is to be sent " and
the word " school ", in the
last place where it occurs,
and subsection (2) .
In section 132, in subsection
( 3) the words from " and the
Ministry "
to the end of the
subsection, and subsection
( 8) .
In Schedule 5, in paragraph 12,
in sub-paragraph (1), the
words from " or to be" to the
end of the sub- paragraph, in
sub- paragraph ( 2) the words
" or transferred ", and sub-
paragraph (3) .
Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act 1973 c. 53 1609
SCH. 5
Chapter
1970 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.) .
1970 с. 33
( Ν.Ι.) .
1971 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.) .
1971 с. 25
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Criminal Justice The whole Act.
( Temporary Provisions)
Act (Northern Ireland)
1970.
The Criminal Justice The whole Act.
( Temporary Provisions)
(Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1970.
The PublicOrder ( Amend- Section 2(3) .
ment) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1971 .
The Firearms ( Amend- Section 3( 2 ) and ( 3) .
ment) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1971 .
Number
S.I. 1972 No.
538 ( Ν.Ι. 1) .
S.I. 1972 No.
1632 ( Ν.Ι. 15) .
Orders
Short title Extent of repeal
The Prosecution of In Article 7(1 ), the words from
Offences ( Northern Ire-" or section 3( 2) " to the end.
land) Order 1972.
The Detention of Terror- The whole Order.
ists ( Northern Ireland)
Order 1972.
c. 54 1611
CHONIS
DIEU
PENSE
DROIT
ET
MON
Nature Conservancy
Council Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 54
An Act to establish a Nature Conservancy Council.
[25th July 1973]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal , and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.-( 1 ) For the purposes of nature conservation and fostering The Nature
the understanding thereof, and to replace the committee of the Conservancy
Natural Environment Research Council known as the Nature Council.
Conservancy by a body independent of that Council, there shall
be established a council to be known as the Nature Con-
servancy Council (in this Act referred to as 66
the Council ")
which shall have-
(a) the following functions, namely-
(i) the establishment, maintenance and manage-
ment of nature reserves (within the meaning of section
15 of the National Parks and Access to the Country- 1949 с. 97
side Act 1949) in Great Britain ;
( ii) the provision of advice for the Secretary of
State or any other Minister on the development and
implementation of policies for or affecting nature
conservation in Great Britain ;
(iii) the provision of advice and dissemination of
knowledge about nature conservation ; and
( iv ) the commissioning or support (whether by
financial means or otherwise) of research which in
the opinion of the Council is relevant to the matters
mentioned in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above ; and
1612 1965 с. 4.
c. 54
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973
( b) the functions previously discharged by the Natural
Environment Research Council under the enactments
specified in Schedule 1 to this Act, which shall accord-
ingly have effect subject to the amendments set out in
that Schedule.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above " nature conservation " means the
conservation of flora, fauna or geological or physiographical
features.
(3) The Science and Technology Act 1965 (in this Act referred
to as " the 1965 Act ") shall have effect subject to the amend-
ments set out in Schedule 2 to this Act , being amendments
consequential on the establishment of the Council.
( 4 ) The Council shall have power-
( a) to accept any gift or contribution made to them for
the purposes of any of their functions, and, subject
to the terms of the gift or contribution, to apply it
to those purposes,
(b) to initiate and carry out such research directly related
to their functions under paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 1 )
above as it is appropriate that they themselves should
carry out instead of commissioning or supporting other
persons under sub- paragraph (iv) of that paragraph,
and
( c) to do all such other things (including, without prejudice
to the generality of this paragraph, making charges and
holding land or any interest in or right over land ) as
are incidental or conducive to the discharge of their
functions under subsection (1)(a) above.
( 5) It shall be the duty of the Council, in the discharge of
their functions, to take account, as appropriate, of actual or
possible ecological changes.
(6) The Secretary of State may give the Council directions
of a general character with regard to the discharge of any of
their functions under subsection ( 1 ) (a) above.
(7) The Council shall discharge their functions on and after a
day appointed by an order made by statutory instrument by the
Secretary of State, and the amendments and repeals made by
this Act shall come into operation on that day.
(8) The Council shall have such number of members as the
Secretary of State may from time to time determine, and the
members shall be appointed by him.
( 9) The administrative and supplementary provisions con-
tained in Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect
to the Council.
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973 c .54
1613
2.- ( 1) The Council may appoint committees for the pur- Advisory
pose of giving them advice about the discharge of their functions. committees
of Council.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1 ) above, it shall be the
duty of the Council to appoint three committees for the purpose
of giving them advice about the discharge of their functions in
England, Scotland and Wales respectively.
(3) Members of committees appointed under this section need
not be members of the Council.
( 4 ) No appointment to the committees constituted under
subsection (2) above shall be either made or terminated except
with the approval of the Secretary of State.
3. ( 1) In accordance with arrangements approved by the Grants by
Secretary of State and the Treasury , the Council shall have Council.
power to give financial assistance by way of grant to any person
carrying on or proposing to carry on any project which the
Council would have power to carry on.
( 2 ) On making a grant the Council may impose such condi-
tions as they think fit , including conditions for repayment in
specified circumstances .
4 .- (1) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Grants by
Treasury, make to the Council out of money provided by Secretary of
State to
Parliament grants of such amount as the Secretary of State thinks Council.
fit .
( 2 ) A grant under this section may be made subject to such
conditions as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the
Treasury think fit.
5. ( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Nature Conservancy Short title,
Council Act 1973.
repeals and
extent.( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in column 3 of that
Schedule.
(3) Paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 1 to this Act extends to
Northern Ireland so far as it applies in relation to the importa-
tion of birds or their eggs and paragraph 19 of Schedule 3 also
extends to Northern Ireland ; but save as aforesaid this Act does
not extend to Northern Ireland.
1614 c.54
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973
Section 1
1949 с. 97.
1954 с. 30.
1959 с. 40.
1963 с. 36.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS CONSEQUENTIAL ON
TRANSFER OF STATUTORY FUNCTIONS TO COUNCIL
National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949
1. In Part III of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside
Act 1949 (nature conservation) for each of the references to the
Natural Environment Research Council ( which were substituted for
references to the Nature Conservancy by the 1965 Act) there shall
be substituted a reference to the Nature Conservancy Council.
2.- (1 ) For subsection (1) of section 103 of that Act ( general
provisions as to acquisition of land ) there shall be substituted the
following subsection : -
" (1) Any power conferred by this Act on the Nature Con-
servancy Council or a local authority to acquire land com-
pulsorily shall be exercisable in any particular case on their
being authorised so to do by the Secretary of State."
( 2 ) For each of the references to the Natural Environment
Research Council in subsection ( 2 ) of that section and for the refer-
ences in section 106(1) of that Act ( supplementary provisions as to
byelaws) (all of which were substituted as mentioned in paragraph 1
above for references to the Nature Conservancy) there shall be substi-
tuted a reference to the Nature Conservancy Council.
Protection of Birds Act 1954
3.- (1) In section 10(2)(b) of the Protection of Birds Act 1954
(authorities with power to grant licences) for the words from " from "
to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words
" from, the Nature Conservancy Council, that Council ".
( 2 ) In section 14 (1) of that Act (interpretation ) in paragraph (c)
of the definition of " authorised person " for the reference to the
Natural Environment Research Council (which was substituted for
a reference to the Nature Conservancy by the 1965 Act) there shall
be substituted a reference to the Nature Conservancy Council.
Deer (Scotland ) Act 1959
4. In section 1( 4 ) of the Deer ( Scotland ) Act 1959 (constitution
of the Red Deer Commission ) for paragraph ( a) there shall be substi-
tuted the following paragraphs : -
“(a ) one from nominees of the Nature Conservancy Council ;
( aa ) one from nominees of the Natural Environment Research
Council ; ".
Deer Act 1963
5. In section 11 of the Deer Act 1963 (power to grant licences) for
each of the references to the Natural Environment Research Council
( which were substituted for references to the Nature Conservancy by
the 1965 Act ) there shall be substituted a reference to the Nature
Conservancy Council.
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973 c .54
1615
Water Resources Act 1963 SCH. 1
6. In section 102 of the Water Resources Act 1963 ( land of special 1963 с. 38.
natural interest ) for each of the references to the Natural Environ-
ment Research Council (which were substituted as mentioned in
paragraph 5 above ) there shall be substituted a reference to the
Nature Conservancy Council .
Protection of Birds Act 1967 1967 с. 46.
7. In sections 4 (3) ( disturbance of nesting birds), 7( 4 )(b) (special
protection for wild birds in severe weather) and 8( 2) (b) ( matters for
which licences under section 10 of the Protection of Birds Act 1954 1954 с. 30.
may be granted ) of the Protection of Birds Act 1967 for the refer-
ences to the Natural Environment Research Council there shall be
substituted references to the Nature Conservancy Council.
Tees Valley and Cleveland Water Act 1967
1967 c. iv.
8. In section 3( 1) of the Tees Valley and Cleveland Water Act 1967
(interpretation) for the definition of " research council " there shall
be substituted the following definition : -
" " research council " means the Nature Conservancy Council ; " .
Countryside Act 1968
1968 с. 41 .
9. In sections 15(1) ( areas of special scientific interest ), 37 (pro-
tection for interests in countryside) and 46(2) (application of general 1949 c . 97.
provisions of National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act
1949) of the Countryside Act 1968 for the words " Natural Environ-
ment Research Council ", in each place where they occur, there shall
be substituted the words " Nature Conservancy Council " .
Conservation of Seals Act 1970
1970 с. 30.
10. In section 10( 3)( b ) of the Conservation of Seals Act 1970
( consent to grant of licence to kill or take seals in nature reserves,
etc. ) for the words " the Council " there shall be substituted the words
" the Nature Conservancy Council ".
Chichester Harbour Conservancy Act 1971
1971 c. lxx.
11. In section 11( 3) of the Chichester Harbour Conservancy Act
1971 (constitution of the Chichester Harbour Conservancy Advisory
Council) for paragraph (e ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph :-
( e ) one shall be appointed on the nomination of the Nature
Conservancy Council ; ".
Badgers Act 1973
1973 с. 57.12. In the following provisions of the Badgers Act 1973, namely-
(a ) section 6( 1) (special protection for badgers) ;
( b ) section 9( 2)(a) (licences) ; and
(c ) paragraph ( d ) of the definition of " authorised person in
section 11 (interpretation ) .
for the words " Natural Environment Research Council " there shall
be substituted the words " Nature Conservancy Council ".
Medway Ports Authority Act 1973
13. In section 93 of the Medway Ports Authority Act 1973 (pro-
tection of Nature Conservancy ) after the words " Nature Con-
servancy " there shall be added the word " Council ".
1616 c .54
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973
Section1 .
Section 1.
SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENTS OF 1965 ACT CONSEQUENTIAL ON
ESTABLISHMENT OF COUNCIL
1. In section 1( 3) of the 1965 Act ( which sets out the objects of
the Natural Environment Research Council) the words " and the
establishment, maintenance and management of nature reserves
"
shall cease to have effect.
2. For subsection ( 3) of section 3 of that Act ( re-allocation of
activities connected with scientific research) there shall be substituted
the following subsection : -
" ( 3) The Natural Environment Research Council shall carry
on the former activities of the National Oceanographic Council. "
3. Subsection ( 4 ) of the said section 3 shall cease to have effect.
SCHEDULE 3
ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
RELATING TO COUNCIL
PART I
GENERAL
Constitution and staff
1. The Council shall be a body corporate.
2. The Secretary of State shall appoint one of the members of
the Council to be chairman of the Council and may appoint a
member to be deputy chairman.
3. The chairman, deputy chairman and other members of the
Council shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms
of their appointment.
4. A member of the Council may, by notice in writing addressed
to the Secretary of State, resign his membership, and the chairman
and deputy chairman of the Council may by such a notice resign
their office as such without resigning their membership.
5. A member of the Council who ceases to be a member or ceases
to be chairman or deputy chairman of the Council shall be eligible
for reappointment.
6. The Secretary of State may remove a member of the Council
from membership if he is satisfied that he-
( a ) has been adjudged bankrupt or has made a composition or
arrangement with his creditors or, in Scotland, has had his
estate sequestrated or has made a trust deed for behoof of
his creditors or a composition contract ; or
(b) is incapacitated by physical or mental illness ; or
( c ) has, for a period of six consecutive months, been absent
from meetings of the Council, otherwise than by reason of
illness or some other cause approved during that period by
the Council ; or
( d ) is in the opinion of the Secretary of State otherwise unable
or unfit to discharge the functions of a member.
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973 c.54
1617
7. If the chairman or deputy chairman of the Council ceases to
be a member of the Council, he shall also cease to be chairman or
deputy chairman.
8. The proceedings of the Council and their committees shall not
be invalidated by any vacancy in the number of their members, or
by any defect in the appointment of any person as a member or as
chairman or deputy chairman.
9.- (1 ) The Council shall appoint a chief officer, but no such
appointment shall be made except with the approval of the Secretary
of State.
( 2 ) The Council may appoint such number of other officers as
they may, with the approval of the Secretary of State and the
Minister for the Civil Service, determine.
Remuneration and allowances for members and officers
10.- (1) The Council-
( a ) shall pay to their members such remuneration and allow-
ances (if any) as the Secretary of State may, with the
approval of the Minister for the Civil Service, determine ;
and
(b) as regards any member in whose case the Secretary of State
may, with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service,
so determine, shall pay such pension, allowance or gratuity
to or in respect of him, or make such payments towards the
provision of such pension, allowance or gratuity, as the
Secretary of State may, with the Minister's approval,
determine.
( 2 ) If a person ceases to be a member of the Council, and it
appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances
which make it right that he should receive compensation, the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Minister for the Civil
Service, require the Council to pay to that person a sum of such
amount as the Secretary of State may, with the Minister's approval,
determine.
11. The Council shall pay to the officers of the Council such
remuneration and allowances as the Council may, with the approval
of the Secretary of State and the Minister for the Civil Service,
determine.
12. The Council shall, in the case of such of their officers as they
may, with the approval of the Secretary of State and the Minister
for the Civil Service, determine-
(a ) pay such pensions, allowances or gratuities to or in respect
of them ;
( b ) make such payments towards the provision of such pensions,
allowances or gratuities ; or
( c ) provide and maintain such schemes ( whether contributory
or not ) for the payment of such pensions, allowances or
gratuities,
as they may, with the approval of the Secretary of State and the
Minister, determine.
SCH . 3
1618 c. 54
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973
SCH. 3
1949 с. 97.
Documents
13. The application of the seal of the Council shall be
authenticated by the signature of any member or officer of the
Council authorised by them, either generally or specially, to act for
that purpose.
14. Any document purporting to be a document duly executed
under the seal of the Council, or to be signed on behalf of the
Council, shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary
is proved, be deemed to be so executed or, as the case may be,
signed .
Land
15.- (1 ) For the purposes of the application of any enactment or
rule of law to land an interest in which belongs to the Council, and
which is managed as a nature reserve, the Council shall be deemed
to be a Government department ; and any other land occupied by
them shall be deemed, for the purpose of any rate on property, to
be property occupied by or on behalf of the Crown n for public
purposes.
( 2) In sub-paragraph (1) above " interest " and " land " have the
meanings assigned to them by section 114 of the National Parks and
Access to the Countryside Act 1949.
Reports, accounts etc.
16. The Council shall furnish the Secretary of State with such
returns, accounts and other information with respect to their property
and activities or proposed activities as he may from time to time
require, and shall afford to the Secretary of State facilities for the
verification of information so furnished and for that purpose permit
any person authorised in that behalf by the Secretary of State to
inspect and make copies of the Council's accounts, books, documents
or papers and give that person such explanation of them as he may
reasonably require.
17. ( 1 ) The Council shall as soon as possible after 31st March
1975 make to the Secretary of State a report on the exercise and
performance of their functions down to that date, and shall make
asimilar report to him as to each period of twelve months thereafter
as soon as possible after its end.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall lay a copy of any report under
this paragraph before each House of Parliament .
18.- (1) The Council shall keep proper accounts and other records,
and shall prepare for each financial year a statement of account in
such form as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury
may direct and submit those statements of account to the Secretary
of State at such time as he may with the approval of the Treasury
direct.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall, on or before 30th November in
any year, transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the
statements of account of the Council for the financial year last
ended .
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973 c .54
1619
( 3) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify
the statements of account transmitted to him under this paragraph,
and lay copies of them together with his report thereon before each
House of Parliament.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " financial year " means the period begin-
ning with the day appointed under section 1( 7) above and ending
with 31st March 1974 and each period of twelve months thereafter.
SCH. 3
PART II
APPLICATION OF ENACTMENTS
House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 19. In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disquali-
fication Act 1957 ( which specifies offices the holders of which are
disqualified under that Act) as it applies to the House of Commons
of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted
at the appropriate point in alphabetical order the entry " Any
member of the Nature Conservancy Council in receipt of remunera-
tion. ".
Superannuation Act 1965
20. In section 39( 1) of the Superannuation Act 1965 (public offices )
for the entry in paragraph 7 relating to the Nature Conservancy
there shall be substituted the following entry : -
" The Nature Conservancy Council.".
1957 с. 20.
1965 с. 74.
PART III
TRANSITIONAL
21 .- (1 ) The Secretary of State may at any time by order made
by statutory instrument make such incidental, consequential tran-
sitional or supplementary provision as may appear to him to be
necessary or proper for the general or any particular purposes
of this Act or in consequence of any of the provisions thereof or
for giving full effect thereto, and nothing in any other provision
of this Act shall be construed as prejudicing the generality of this
sub-paragraph.
( 2) An order under this paragraph may include provision for the
transfer of rights, liabilities and obligations to the Council in con-
nection with the transfer to them of functions discharged by the
Natural Environment Research Council before the day appointed by
section 1 (7) above, and may in particular provide-
( a ) for the transfer and management or custody of property,
whether real or personal, and in Scotland whether heritable
or moveable, held by the Natural Environment Research
Council wholly or partly for the purpose of any such
function ; and
1620 c. 54
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973
SCH. 3 (b ) for treating anything duly done by that Council in the exer-
cise of any such function before the said appointed day as
having been duly done by the Nature Conservancy Council
and treating any instrument made before that day by the
Natural Environment Research Council, if or so far as it
was made in the exercise of any such function, as continu-
ing in force on and after that day until varied or revoked
by the Nature Conservancy Council.
( 3) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, any agreement, appoint-
ment, licence, byelaws, authorisation or other instrument in writing
made or granted or treated by virtue of any enactment as having
been made or granted by or to or in relation to the Natural Environ-
ment Research Council in connection with the discharge of any such
function shall, as from the said appointed day, be treated as having
been made or granted by, to or in relation to the Nature Conservancy
Council.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraph ( 3 ) above is without prejudice to any provision
made by an order under this paragraph, but has effect subject to any
provision to the contrary made by such an order and in particular may
be excluded by such an order from applying either wholly or to
any specified extent in any particular case.
Nature Conservancy Council Act 1973 c. 54
1621
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Section 5.
Chapter
12 , 13 & 14
Geo. 6. c. 97.
1965 с. 4.
Short Title
The National Parks and
Access to the Country-
side Act 1949 .
The Science and Techno-
logy Act 1965.
Extent of Repeal
Section 25 .
In section 1( 3), the words " and
the establishment, mainten-
ance and management of
nature reserves" .
Section 3(4).
In Schedule 2, the entries
relating to the Protection of
Birds Act 1954, the Deer
( Scotland ) Act 1959 and the
Deer Act 1963 .
c. 55 1623
HONI
YPENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Statute Law Revision
(Northern Ireland) Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 55
An Act to revise the statute law of Northern Ireland by
repealing obsolete, spent, unnecessary or superseded
enactments and by correcting a mistake in the repeals
effected by section 15( 2) of the Civil Evidence Act
( Northern Ireland) 1971 . [ 25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act (which to the Repeals .
extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule are obsolete, spent
or unnecessary or have been superseded by other enactments) are
hereby repealed to that extent .
2. For section 15( 2) of the Civil Evidence Act (Northern Correction
Ireland) 1971 (which mistakenly provided for the repeal of certain of mistaken
provisions of the Evidence Act (Northern Ireland ) 1939) there repealing
shall be substituted- provision in
1971 с. 36
" ( 2) In section 1(1)( a ) of the Evidence Act (Northern ( N.I. ) .
Ireland) 1939, the words ' either (i) ' and the words from 1939 c. 12
' or ' in sub-paragraph (i ) to ' those matters ' are hereby ( N.I. ).
repealed."
3. (1) This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Short title,
(Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 .
extent and
saving for
( 2 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland only.
power to
( 3) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to restrict the power of make laws.
the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws, and any laws
made by that Parliament in the exercise of that power shall have
effect notwithstanding anything in this Act.
1624 c. 55
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973
Section 1. SCHEDULE
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENTS OF ENGLAND AND THE
UNITED KINGDOM
Statute Short title or subject Extent of repeal
30 Hen. 3. ( As to the Laws of The whole Act.
( 1246 ).
England being observed
in Ireland) .
13 Edw.
1. ( Statute of Westminster, Chapter 15.
( 1285) .
the Second) .
11 Ric. 2. c. 10
( No delay of law by privy The whole Act.
( 1387 ).
seal ).
6 & 7 Will. 4.
The Grand Jury ( Ireland )
Section 171 .
с. 116.
Act 1836.
7 Will. 4 &
The Wills Act 1837.
In section 32, the words " or an
1Vict. c. 26.
estate in quasi entail ".
17 & 18 Vict.
The Towns Improvement
In section 91, the words from
с. 103.
(Ireland ) Act 1854.
" and justices of the peace
18 & 19 Vict. The Leasing Powers Act
to " justices under this Act ".
In section 3, in paragraph ( 3)
c . 39. for Religious Worship
66
the words or quasi-entail "
in Ireland 1855 .
and " or perpetual interest ",
and in paragraph (5) the
words " and whether restrain-
ed or not from anticipation ".
34 & 35 Vict.
The Prevention of Crimes
In section 15, the words " with
с. 112.
Act 1871 .
hard labour ".
36 & 37 Vict.
The Regulation of Rail-
In section 6, the words " section
c. 48.
ways Act 1873 .
two of the Railway and Canal
Traffic Act 1854 or of " and
“
the words from or of any
"
enactment " to enactments
respectively " .
44 & 45 Vict. The Leases for Schools
In section 2, in paragraph (b)
с. 65. ( Ireland ) Act 1881 .
the words or in quasi66
entail " and in paragraph ( d )
the words " and whether re-
strained or not from anticipa-
tion ".
45 & 46 Vict.
The Settled Land Act
c. 38.
1882. Section 20(3).
46 & 47 Vict.
The Corrupt and Illegal Section 49.
c. 51.
Practices Prevention Act
1883.
54 & 55 Vict. The Stamp Duties
In section 9( 7 ), proviso (c ) .
c. 38.
Management Act 1891.
54 & 55 Vict. The Purchase of Land | Section 8( 3) to ( 5) and ( 7 ) to (9) .
c. 48. ( Ireland ) Act 1891 . In section 42, the definitions of
" Local Government Board " ,
Local Taxation (Ireland ),
Account", "Irish probate duty
"
grant assizes ". " loc local
grants " and " land judge ".
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 c. 55
1625
Statute Short title or subject
Extent of repeal
57 & 58 Vict. The Trustee Act 1893
Section 3 .
c. 10. Amendment Act 1894.
62 & 63 Vict.
The Improvement of Land | The whole Act.
с.46.
Act 1899.
4Edw. 7. c. 19.
The Railways (Private
The whole Act.
Sidings) Act 1904.
7Edw. 7. c. 53.
The Public Health Acts
Amendment Act 1907.
7Edw. 7. c. 56. The Evicted Tenants
( Ireland ) Act 1907.
8Edw. 7. c. 24.
The Summary Jurisdiction
( Ireland) Act 1908.
1 & 2 Geo. 5.
c. 28.
The Official Secrets Act
1911.
4& 5 Geo. 5. The Criminal Justice
c. 58. Administration Act
1914.
In section 81, the words from
" for the purpose of the
Vagrancy Act 1824 " to " and
shall".
Section 11 .
Section 6.
In section 10 (3), the words " by
any court of general or
quarter sessions, nor " .
In section 43( 8), the words from
the beginning to " divisions of
prisoners) ".
PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENTS OF IRELAND AND
NORTHERN IRELAND
Statute
Short title Extent of repeal
10 Chas. 1.
Sess. 2. c. 1
( Ir. ).
The Statute of Uses In section 4, the words from
( Ireland ) 1634." lawfully " to " justifications,
and " and the word " other "
where it next occurs there-
after.
Section 4.
9 Will. 3. c. 11 The Clandestine Mort-
( Ir. ) . gages Act (Ireland)
1697.
27 Geo. 3. The Pilots Act (Ireland ) The whole Act.
c. 25 (Ir.).
1787.
31 Geo. 3. The Commons Act The whole Act.
c. 38 (Ir. ) .
(Ireland) 1791 .
35 Geo. 3. The Acts of Parliament The whole Act.
c. 12 ( Ir .).
( Commencement) Act
(Ireland) 1795.
12 & 13 Geo. 5.
c. 21 ( N.I.).
13 & 14Geo. 5.
c. 9 (N.I.).
The Expiring Laws Act
The whole Act.
(Northern Ireland) 1922.
The Criminal Evidence
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1923.
In Schedule 1, the entry relating
to the Married Women's
Property Act 1882.
1626 с. 55
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973
Statute Short title
16&17Geo. 5. The Administrative Pro-
c. 4 (N.I.). visions Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1926.
16 & 17Geo. 5.
c. 15 (Ν.Ι.) .
20 Geo. 5. c. 1
( Ν.Ι. ).
The Jury Laws Amend-
ment Act (Northern
Ireland) 1926.
The Bankruptcy Amend-
ment Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1929.
20 Geo. 5. c. 9 The Street Trading (Regu-
( Ν.Ι.) . lation ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1929.
25&26Geo. 5.
c. 13 (N.I.) .
TheSummaryJurisdiction
and Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland) 1935.
Extent of repeal
In section 1( 3), the words " and
the contagious diseases of
animals ".
In section 3(1 ), paragraph (ii).
In Part II of the Schedule,
paragraph 5.
Section 12.
In section 28( 1), in thedefinition
of " The court ", the words
from " and includes " to
" 1888 ”.
In section 2( 1), the words from
" In the case of" onwards.
In section 61, the definitions of
" Constabulary
Acts ",
“
County ", " Petty Sessions
Clerks Fund " and " Quarter
sessions" .
Schedule 2.
In section 25, in paragraph (c )
the word " and ", and para-
graph (d ).
The whole Act.
5 & 6 Geo. 6.
The Landlord and Tenant
c. 9 (N.I.).
( War Damage) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1941 .
5 & 6 Geo. 6.
The Excessive Rents (Pre-
c. 20 (N.I.) .
vention) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1941 .
6 & 7 Geo. 6.
The Housing (Temporary The whole Act.
c. 4 (N.I.) .
Accommodation) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1942.
1944 с. 13
The Housing (Requisi- The whole Act.
( Ν.Ι.) .
tioning of Premises) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1944.
1949 с. 2
The Agriculture Act Section 39(3).
( Ν.Ι.) .
( Northern Ireland) 1949.
1950 с. 31 The Milk Act (Northern Section 14.
( Ν.Ι.) .
1951 с. 4
The Game Law Amend-
Ireland ) 1950. Section 5(3) .
( Ν.Ι. ).
ment Act ( Northern
The Schedule.
Ireland ) 1951 .
1951 с. 5
The Administrative and Section 6.
( Ν.Ι.).
Financial Provisions Act
( Northern Ireland) 1951 .
1951 с. 7
The Law Reform (Miscel- Sections 3( 2) and 7(3) .
( Ν.Ι.) .
laneous Provisions) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1951 .
1951 с. 11
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
( Ν.Ι. ).
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1951.
1951 с. 12
The Finance Act ( North- Section 1(2 ).
( Ν.Ι. ).
ern Ireland) 1948
(Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1951 .
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 с. 55 1627
Statute
1951 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.).
1951 с. 19
(Ν.Ι.) .
1951 с. 23
( Ν.Ι.) .
1951 с. 24
( Ν.Ι.) .
1951 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.) .
1951 с. 27
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 1
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.) .
1952 с. 4
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 6
( Ν.Ι. ).
1952 с. 7
( Ν.Ι.) .
1952 с. 9
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1951 .
The Public Order Act
Section 4( 3) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1951 .
The Rent Restriction
Law ( Amendment) Act
Section 10.
Schedule 4.
( Northern Ireland) 1951 .
The Criminal Procedure The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1951.
TheAppropriation ( No. 2 ) The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland )
1951 .
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland) 1951 .
The Statute Law Revision The Schedule.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1952.
The Development of Section 2.
Tourist Traffic ( Amend-
ment ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1952.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1952.
The House to House Section 9(2) .
Charitable Collections
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1952.
The Administrative and The Schedule.
Financial Provisions Act
( Northern Ireland) 1952.
The Appropriation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1952.
The Finance Act ( North-
ern Ireland ) 1952.
1952 с. 19
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.) .
1952 с. 24
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1952 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Married Women
( Restraint upon Antici-
pation ) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1952.
The Appropriation ( No.2 )
Act (Northern Ireland)
1952.
The Exported Animals
( Compensation) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1952.
The Expiring Laws Con-
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1952.
The whole Act.
Sections 5( 5) and (6 ), 6, 20(3 ),
21 (2) and 22( 4) and (5) .
In Schedule 4, in Part I, the
"
words from Stamp Duties
on practising Certificates " to
the end of the Part and Parts
II to VI.
In section 1(2), the words from
" and accordingly " onwards .
Section 1( 4 ) .
Schedule 2.
The whole Act.
Section 22.
Schedule 2.
The whole Act.
1628 с. 55
Statute Law Revision ( Northern Ireland )Act 1973
Statute
1953 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.) .
1953 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.).
1953 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.) .
1953 с. 9
( Ν.Ι. ).
1953 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.) .
Short title Extent of repeal
The Statute Law Revision The Schedule .
Act (Northern Ireland )
1953.
The Forestry Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1953 .
The Summary Jurisdiction
Act (Northern Ireland)
1953.
The Consolidated Fund
Act (Northern Ireland )
1953.
The Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1953.
In section 8, the words from
" and accordingly " onwards.
Sections 21 and 22(2) .
The Schedule.
Sections 46( 2 ), 51, 52(3) and (4 ) .
Schedules 1 and 4.
The whole Act.
1953 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1953 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.).
1953 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.) .
1953 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.).
The Prison Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1953.
The Juries Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1953.
The Appropriation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1953.
The Slaughter -houses Act
( Northern Ireland) 1953.
1953 с. 23
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1953 с. 31
( Ν.Ι.).
The Finance Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1953 .
TheAppropriation ( No. 2)
Act (Northern Ireland)
1953 .
Sections 9(1), 21, 23( 3), 29 and
30 ( 2) .
In Schedule 2, so much of the
entry relating to the Firearms
Act 1920 as amends section
5(1 ) of that Act.
Schedule 3 .
Sections 46( 3)( e), 48 and 49( 2) .
Schedule 5.
Sections 7( 8), 10 (5) and 11 .
Schedule 2.
The whole Act.
Section 13(2 ) .
In Schedule 2, Part I, under the
provisions relating to:
( a ) The Towns Improve-
ment Clauses Act 1847,
the entries relating to
sections 125, 126 and 127.
In the entry relating to
section 128, the words
from "The words " to
66 are repealed ". In the
entry relating to section
130 , the words from
" The words ' slaughter-
house or '" to " re-
pealed" .
( b) The Public Health Acts
( Amendment) Act 1890,
the entry relating to
section 31 .
In Schedule 2, Part II , the entry
relating to the modification of
section 131 of the Towns
Improvement Clauses Act
1847.
Section 6.
The Schedule.
The whole Act.
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 c. 55
1629
Statute Short title Extent of repeal
1953 с. 33
( Ν.Ι.) .
1953 с. 34
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 1
( Ν.Ι. ).
1954 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 4
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 5.
( Ν.Ι.)
1954 с. 7.
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 9.
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 11 .
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1954 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 22
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1954 с. 23
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1954 с. 24
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1954 с. 25
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
1954 с. 30
( Ν.Ι.).
1954 с. 33
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Control of Fertilisers Section 10 (2 ).
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1953.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1953.
The Inland Navigation
Act ( Northern Ireland )
Section 20.
Schedule 2.
1954.
The Finance (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
Section 12.
The Schedule.
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
The General Dealers
(Amendment ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1954.
The Agriculture ( Poison-
In section 1 , the words from
" and accordingly " to the end
of the section.
Section 12(2) .
ous Substances) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1954.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1954 .
The Administration of
Justice Act (Northern
Ireland) 1954.
The Common Informers
In section 16 ( 2 ), the words from
" or affect " onwards .
Schedule 7.
Sections 3 and 4( 4 ) .
Act (Northern Ireland)
1954.
The Marriages Act
Sections 7 and 8.
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
The Finance Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1954.
TheAppropriation (No.2 )
Sections 16, 17(5), (6) and (7).
Schedule 3.
The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1954.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act .
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1954.
The Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
Sections 1 to 3, 6 and 9(2) .
The Schedule.
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
The Vaughan's Charity
Section 3(2) .
( Administration) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
The Pawnbrokers Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1954.
The Interpretation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1954.
Sections 38 and 39( 2).
Schedule 5.
In section 42( 4), in the defini-
tion of " committed for trial "
the word " coroner ".
Sections 48(1 ) and 50.
The Schedule.
The Schedule.
1954 с. 35
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Statute Law Revision
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1954.
1630 c. 55
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland) Act 1973
Statute
1955 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 5
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.) .
1955 с. 11
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 14
( Ν.Ι. ).
1955 с. 17
(Ν.Ι.) .
1955 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 24
( Ν.Ι.) .
1955 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.).
1955 с. 29
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1956 с. 4
( Ν.Ι.).
1956 с. 5
( Ν.Ι.).
1956 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.).
1956 с. 11
( Ν.Ι.) .
1956 с. 14
( Ν.Ι. ).
1956 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title Extent of repeal
The Government Prop- Section 1( 3).
erty (Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1955.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1955.
The Consolidated Fund
( Miscellaneous Provi-
Sections 10 ( a), 19 and 21 .
The Schedule.
sions) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
The Defamation Act
Section 16( 2).
( Northern Ireland) 1955.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1955.
TheAppropriation (No.2)
The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland )
1955.
The Finance (Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1955.
Section 19( a).
In section 24, paragraph ( c ) and
the word " and " immediately
preceding that paragraph .
Schedule 4.
The whole Act.
The Expiring Laws Con-
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
The Administration of Schedule 3.
Estates Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
The Game Act ( Amend- The whole Act.
ment) Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
The Ministerial and Other Sections 1 ( b), 2(b), 4(2) and ( 3) .
Offices Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1955.
The Registration ofBirths,
Deaths and Marriages
Sections 5 and 6( 3).
Schedule 3.
( Fees, etc. ) Act (North-
ern Ireland ) 1955 .
The Malone and White-
abbey Training Schools
Section 20.
Schedule 2.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1956.
The Births, Deaths and
Marriages Registration
Sections 19 and 21( 3).
The Schedule.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1956.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act .
( Northern Ireland) 1956.
The Finance Act (North-
ern Ireland ) 1956.
The Expiring Laws Con-
Section 9 .
The Schedule.
The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland) 1956.
TheAppropriation ( No. 2) The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1956.
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 с. 55
1631
Statute
1956 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
1956 с. 22
( Ν.Ι. ).
1957 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.) .
1957 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.).
1957 с. 3
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1957 с. 10
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1957 с. 11
( Ν.Ι.).
1957 с. 15
( Ν.Ι.) .
1957 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.) .
1957 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.) .
1957 с. 21
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1957 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
1957 с. 24 ( Ν.Ι.) .
1957 с. 25
( Ν.Ι.).
1957 с. 27
( Ν.Ι.) . 1958 с. 4
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.) .
Short title Extent of repeal
The Administrative and Section 18.
Financial Provisions Act Schedule 3.
( Northern Ireland) 1956.
The Teachers (Superan- Section 4 ( 4).
nuation) (Amendment)
Act (Northern Ireland )
1956.
The Friendly Societies Section 7(3) .
Act (Northern Ireland)
1957.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1957.
The Agriculture (Tem- Section 3.
porary Assistance)
(Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1957.
The Government Loans
Act ( Northern Ireland )
Section 26( 1) .
Schedule 3.
1957 .
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1957.
The Finance Act ( North-
ern Ireland) 1957.
Schedule 2.
TheAppropriation (No.2 )
The whole Act .
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1957.
The Betting and Lotteries
Act (Northern Ireland)
Section 35.
The Schedule.
1957.
TheAppropriation ( No. 3)
The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1957.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland) 1957 .
The Finance ( No. 2 ) Act
Section 3( 2 ).
( Northern Ireland) 1957.
The Occupiers' Liability Section 7(2).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1957.
The Marketing of Eggs In section 13(3), the words from
Act ( Northern Ireland)“ and section twenty- five " to
1957. the end of the section.
Section 25.
Schedule 2.
The whole Act.
The Appropriation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1958.
The SummaryJurisdiction
and Criminal Justice Act
( Northern Ireland) 1958.
The Statute of Limitations
( Northern Ireland ) 1958.
TheAppropriation ( No.2 )
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1958.
Section 40.
Schedule 2.
Sections 75 and 76( 2) .
The Schedule.
The whole Act.
1632 с. 55
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973
Statute
1958 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.) .
1958 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 18
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1958 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.) .
1958 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 23
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1958 с. 24
( Ν.Ι. ).
1958 с. 27
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1958 с. 31
( Ν.Ι.).
1958 с. 32
( Ν.Ι.).
1959 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.) .
1959 с. 3
(Ν.Ι.).
1959 с. 8
(Ν.Ι.) .
1959 с. 9
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1959 с. 12
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1959 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.) .
1959 с. 15
(Ν.Ι.).
1959 с. 17
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1959 с. 18
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1959 с. 25
( Ν.Ι.) .
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Diseases of Animals
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1958.
Sections 54 and 55( 2 ).
Schedule 5.
The Finance Act ( North-
Parts II and III of Schedule 2.
ern Ireland) 1958.
TheAppropriation ( No. 3)
The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1958.
The Statutory Rules Act
( Northern Ireland) 1958.
The Administrative and
Section 10( 2) .
Paragraph 9 of the Schedule.
Sections 1( 3) and 7( 3).
Financial Provisions Act
( Northern Ireland) 1958.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1958.
The Trustee Act (North-
ern Ireland ) 1958 .
The Trading Representa-
Sections 69 and 70(2).
Schedule 2.
Section 1( 4 ).
tions ( Disabled Persons )
Act (Northern Ireland )
1958.
The Food and Drugs Act
( Northern Ireland) 1958 .
The Marketing of Milk
Products Act (Northern
Sections 71( 2) and 73(1) .
Schedules 3 and 4.
Sections 17 and 18(2) .
The Schedule.
Ireland) 1958 .
The Hotel Proprietors
Section 3( 2 ) and (3).
Act (Northern Ireland)
1958.
The Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
Section 4.
The Schedule.
( Northern Ireland) 1959.
The Consolidated Fund
The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1959 .
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1959 .
The Finance Act ( North-
Section 5( 4)( a) and ( b), ( 5) and
ern Ireland) 1959 .
TheAppropriation ( No.2 )
( 7).
The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1959.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland) 1959.
The Coroners Act (North-
ern Ireland) 1959 .
The Minerals ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
Sections 20(3), 38 and 41 .
The Schedule.
Sections 22(6 ) , 23(1 ) and 24( 2) .
Schedule 4.
( Northern Ireland) 1959.
The Fatal Accidents Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1959.
The County Courts Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1959.
Section 3(3) .
The Schedule.
Section 154 (3) .
In Schedule 3, the entry relating
to section 30 of the Summary
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 c. 55 1633
Statute
1959 с. 25
( N.I. ) -cont.
1960 с. 1
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1960 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.).
1960 с. 5
( Ν.Ι.) .
1960 с. 6
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1960 с. 7
(Ν.Ι.).
1960 с. 13
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1960 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.).
1960 с. 15
( Ν.Ι. ).
1960 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.).
1960 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.).
1960 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.) .
1960 с. 23
( Ν.Ι.).
1961 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.).
1961 с. 5
(Ν.Ι.) .
1961 с. 6
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1961 с. 8
( Ν.Ι.) .
1961 с. 10
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1961 с. 15
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1961 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.) .
1961 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
Part II
Short title
Extent of repeal
The County Courts Act
( Northern Ireland) 1959
-cont.
Jurisdiction and Criminal
Justice Act (Northern Ireland )
1935.
Schedule 5.
The whole Act.
The Consolidated Fund
Act (Northern Ireland)
1960.
The Resident Magistrates' Section 23(2).
Pensions Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1960 .
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1960.
The Dogs Act (Northern
Sections 3 and 4(2) .
Ireland ) 1960.
The Finance Act ( North-
Section 12.
ern Ireland) 1960.
TheAppropriation (No.2)
The whole Act .
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1960.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1960.
The Inheritance (Family Section 10( 2) .
Provision) Act (North-
ern Ireland) 1960.
The Agriculture (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1960.
Section 2(5) and (6 ) .
In the Schedule the entries
relating to sections 11(4 ), (5) ,
12, 18 and 29 of the Fertilisers
and Feeding Stuffs Act 1926.
The Mortmain ( Repeals)
Act (Northern Ireland )
Section 1(1) and (2 ).
The Schedule.
1960.
The Companies Act
Section 403(1 ).
( Northern Ireland) 1960.
Schedule 13.
The Litter Act ( Northern
Section 4 ( 2 ).
Ireland ) 1960.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1961.
The Legitimacy Act
Section 1(1).
( Northern Ireland) 1961.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
The Youth Employment
Section 10( 3).
Service Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1961.
The Finance Act ( North-
Section 14.
ern Ireland) 1961 .
Schedule 3 .
The Mental Health Act
Section 116( 2).
( Northern Ireland ) 1961 .
Schedule 7.
The Expiring Laws Con-
The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1961 .
The Aid to Industry Act Section 5(1).
( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
2F
1634 c. 55
Statute Law Revision ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1973
Statute
1961 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 3
(Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 5
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 7
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
1962 с. 12
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1962 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 14
(Ν.Ι. ) .
1962 с. 15
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.) .
1962 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.).
1962 с. 20
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.) .
1963 с. 19
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.) .
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Rights of Light Act
( Northern Ireland) 1961 .
The Appropriation Act
( Northern Ireland) 1962.
The Foyle Fisheries
(Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1962.
The Administrative and
Financial Provisions Act
( Northern Ireland) 1962.
Section 6( 2) .
The whole Act.
Section 10 (3).
In section 2, the words from
" and in subsection (4 ) "
onwards.
Section 5(3) .
In section 6(1), paragraphs (b )
The Trustee ( Amendment)
and(c ).
Section 8( 2).
Act (Northern Ireland )
1962.
The Public Health and
In section 8, the words from
Local Government (Mis-
" and accordingly " onwards.
cellaneous Provisions)
Sections 27, 32 and 33( 4) .
Act (Northern Ireland)
The Schedule.
1962.
The Agricultural Produce
Section 23.
( Meat Regulation and
The Schedule.
Pig Industry ) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1962.
The Electoral Law Act
Sections 131(1) and 132(2) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1962.
Schedule 11 .
TheAppropriation (No.2)
The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1962.
TheAppropriation ( No. 3) The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1962.
The Finance Act ( North-
Section 7.
ern Ireland) 1962.
Part III of the Schedule.
The Human Tissue Act
Section 4( 2) and (3) .
( Northern Ireland) 1962.
The Expiring Laws Con-
The whole Act .
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland) 1962.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1963.
The Terms and Conditions
Section 12( 3).
of Employment Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1963.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1963.
The Caravans Act (North- Section 26( 2).
ern Ireland) 1963.
TheAppropriation ( No.2)
Act ( Northern Ireland)
The whole Act.
1963 .
The Finance Act ( North-
Sections 11( 4), 16( 6) and 22(2) .
ern Ireland) 1963.
Parts II and III of Schedule 3.
Statute Law Revision ( Northern Ireland ) Act 1973 с. 55 1635
Statute
1963 с. 24
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 29
( Ν.Ι.).
1963 с. 30
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 2
( Ν.Ι. ).
1964 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 8
( Ν.Ι.) .
1964 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.).
1964с. 19
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
1964 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 23
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 27
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 29
( Ν.Ι.) .
1964 с. 35
( Ν.Ι.).
1964 с. 36
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 1
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.) .
Short title Extent of repeal
The Stock Transfer Act
Section 5( 2 ) .
( Northern Ireland ) 1963.
The Expiring Laws Con-
The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1963 .
TheVaccination ( Repeals) The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1963.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1964.
The County Court
Appeals Act ( Northern
Sections 9( 2 ) and 10 ( 3).
Schedule 2.
Ireland ) 1964.
The Marketing of
Potatoes Act ( Northern
Sections 17 and 18(2 ).
The Schedule.
Ireland ) 1964 .
The Consolidated Fund
The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1964 .
The Ministerial and Other Sections 2( 3) and 3( 2) .
Offices Act ( Northern
Ireland )1964 .
The Agricultural Market-
ing Act (Northern
Section 27.
Schedule 3.
Ireland ) 1964.
The Clean Air Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
TheAppropriation ( No.2 )
Sections 44(1) and 45( 2) .
Schedule 4.
The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1964 .
The Magistrates' Courts
Act (Northern Ireland )
1964 .
The Protection ofDeposi-
In section 4 ( 4 ), paragraph ( a ).
Section 172.
Schedule 7.
Section 28( 2).
tors Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1964.
The Law Reform ( Hus-
band and Wife ) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1964.
Section 9.
The Schedule.
The Private Streets Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1964.
The Lands Tribunal and
Compensation Act
Sections 43, 44( 2) and (3).
The Schedule.
Section 21 .
Schedule 3.
( Northern Ireland) 1964.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1964 .
The Business Tenancies Sections 54 and 56(2).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1964.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1965.
The Trade Union ( Amal- Section 11( 2).
gamations, etc.) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1965.
Part II
2F2
1636 c. 55
Statute Law Revision (Northern Ireland )Act 1973
Statute
1965 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 8
( Ν.Ι. ) .
1965 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
1965 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
1965 с. 20
( Ν.Ι. ).
1965 с. 23
( Ν.Ι.) .
1965 с. 24
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 3
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 6
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 7
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 8
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 9
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 10
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 12
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 17
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 19
(Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 20
(Ν.Ι. ).
1966 с. 26
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Agriculture (Miscel-
Sections 5( 2), 13( 2), 18( 2) and
laneous Provisions) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1965.
The Legal Aid and Advice
22.
The Schedule.
Section 30.
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1965.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
( No. 2 ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1965.
The Consumer Protection Section 7( 2 ).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1965.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1965.
The Factories Act
Sections 180( 2) and 183( 2).
( Northern Ireland) 1965.
Schedule 6.
The Land Development | Part I of Schedule 5.
Values (Compensation)
Act (Northern Ireland )
1965.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act (Northern
Ireland ) 1965.
The Perpetuities Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966. Section 12(2).
The Transport Act The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The National Insurance
Section 110 (2).
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966.
The Health Service Con- Section 6(2).
tributions Act (Northern
Ireland) 1966.
The Family Allowances Section 23(2).
Act (Northern Ireland)
1966.
The National Insurance Section 83( 2).
( Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Statute Law Revision The whole Act.
(Consequential Repeals)
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966.
The Consolidated Fund The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1966.
The Fisheries Act ( North-| Section 213(1) and (2) .
ern Ireland) 1966.
The Appropriation Act
The whole Act.
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Criminal Justice Act Section 23(2).
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Office and Shop Section 82.
Premises Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1966. Schedule 2.
Statute Law Revision ( Northern Ireland )Act 1973 c. 55 1637
Statute
1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι.) .
1966 с. 34
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 36
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 37
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 38
( Ν.Ι.).
1966 с. 39
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title
Extent of repeal
The Supplementary Bene-
fits &c. , Act ( Northern
Section 42 (3).
Schedule 7.
Ireland ) 1966 .
The Tourist Traffic
Section 2( 2).
(Amendment) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966.
The Industries Develop-
ment Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1966.
Section 13.
Schedule 4.
TheAppropriation ( No.2)
The whole Act.
Act (Northern Ireland)
1966.
The Local Government Section 28 .
Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966.
The Expiring Laws Con- The whole Act.
tinuance Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 .
Part II 2F3
c. 56 1639
PENSE
DIEUFTAMONDRO
Land Compensation
( Scotland) Act 1973
1973 CHAPTER 56
An Act to re-enact in the form in which they apply to
Scotland the provisions of the Land Compensation
Act 1973 . [ 25th July 1973]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
COMPENSATION FOR DEPRECIATION CAUSED BY USE OF
PUBLIC WORKS
1.-( 1) Where the value of an interest in land is depreciated Right to
by physical factors caused by the use of public works, then, if compensation.
( a) the interest qualifies for compensation under this Part
of this Act ; and
( b) the person entitled to the interest makes a claim within
the time limited by and otherwise in accordance with
this Part of this Act,
compensation for that depreciation shall, subject to the pro-
visions of this Part of this Act, be payable by the responsible
authority to the person making the claim ( hereafter referred
to as the claimant ") .
( 2) The physical factors mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
are noise, vibration, smell , fumes, smoke and artificial lighting
and the discharge on to the land in respect of which the claim
is made of any solid or liquid substance.
Part II 2F4
1640 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
( 3) The public works mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
1949 с. 67.
are-
( a ) any highway ;
( b) any aerodrome ; and
( c ) any works or land (not being a highway or aerodrome)
provided or used in the exercise of statutory powers.
( 4 ) The responsible authority mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
above is, in relation to a highway, the appropriate highway
authority and, in relation to other public works, the person
managing those works.
(5) Physical factors caused by an aircraft arriving at or depart-
ing from an aerodrome shall be treated as caused by the use
of the aerodrome whether or not the aircraft is within the
boundaries of the aerodrome ; but, save as aforesaid, the source
of the physical factors must be situated on or in the public
works the use of which is alleged to be their cause.
( 6) Compensation shall not be payable under this Part of
this Act in respect of the physical factors caused by the use of
any public works other than a highway unless immunity from
actions for nuisance in respect of that use is conferred (whether
expressly or by implication) by an enactment relating to those
works or, in the case of an aerodrome and physical factors
caused by aircraft, the aerodrome is one to which section 41 ( 2)
of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (immunity from actions for
nuisance) for the time being applies .
( 7) Compensation shall not be payable under this Part of
this Act in respect of physical factors caused by accidents
involving vehicles on a highway or accidents involving aircraft.
( 8) Compensation shall not be payable under this Part of
this Act on any claim unless the relevant date in relation to
the claim falls on or after 17th October 1969 .
( 9) Subject to section 9 below, " the relevant date " in this
Part of this Act means-
( a ) in relation to a claim in respect of a highway, the date
on which it was first open to public traffic ;
( b) in relation to a claim in respect of other public works,
the date on which they were first used after completion.
Interests
2.- (1) An interest qualifies for compensation under this Part
qualifying for of this Act if it was acquired by the claimant before the relevant
compensation. date in relation to the claim and the requirements of subsection
(2) or, as the case may be, subsection ( 3) below are satisfied on
the date on which notice of the claim for compensation in respect
of that interest is served.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1641
( 2 ) If and so far as the interest is in land which is a dwelling,
PART I
the said requirements are-
( a ) that the interest is an owner's interest ; and
( b) where the interest carries the right to occupy the land,
that the land is occupied by the claimant in right of
that interest as his residence.
( 3) If and so far as the interest is not in such land as afore-
said, the said requirements are-
( a ) that the interest is that of an owner- occupier ; and
( b) that the land is or forms part of either-
(i) a hereditament the annual value of which does
not exceed the prescribed amount ; or
(ii) an agricultural unit.
( 4 ) In this section " owner's interest ", in relation to any land,
includes the interest of-
( a ) the lessee under a lease thereof, being a lease the
unexpired period of which on the date of service of
the notice of claim in respect thereof is not less
than three years ; and
(b) a crofter, a landholder, a statutory small tenant and a
cottar in the land.
(5) In this section " owner-occupier ", in relation to land in a
hereditament, means a person who occupies the whole or a
substantial part of the land in right of an owner's interest
therein and, in relation to land in an agricultural unit, means
a person who occupies the whole of that unit and is entitled
while so occupying it , to an owner's interest in the whole or
any part of that land.
( 6 ) In this section " the prescribed amount " means the
amount for the time being prescribed for the purposes of section
181 (4) (a) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 с . 52.
1972 (interests qualifying for protection under planning blight
provisions) and " annual value " and " hereditament " have the
meanings given in sections 196 of that Act taking references to
the date of service of a notice under section 182 of that Act as
references to the date on which notice of the claim is served.
(7) This section has effect subject to sections 10(3) and 11
below.
3.- ( 1 ) A claim under this Part of this Act shall be made by Claims.
serving on the responsible authority a notice containing par-
ticulars of-
( a ) the land in respect of which the claim is made ;
(b) the claimant's interest and the date on which, and the
manner in which, it was acquired ;
1642 c. 56
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I ( c ) the claimant's occupation of the land ( except where the
interest qualifies for compensation without occupa-
tion ) ;
( d ) any other interests in the land so far as known to the
claimant;
( e) the public works to which the claim relates ;
( f ) the amount of compensation claimed ;
( g) any land contiguous or adjacent to the land in respect
of which the claim is made, being land to which the
claimant was entitled in the same capacity (within the
meaning of section 6 below) on the relevant date.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and of section 12
below, no claim shall be made otherwise than in the claim
period, that is to say, the period of two years beginning on the
expiration of twelve months from the relevant date.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) above shall not preclude the making of
aclaim in respect of an interest in land before the beginning of
the claim period if-
( a ) the claimant has during the said twelve months made
a contract for disposing of that interest or (in so far
as the interest is in land which is not a dwelling ) for
the grant of a tenancy of that land; and
( b) the claim is made before the interest is disposed of
or the tenacy is granted ;
but compensation shall not be payable before the beginning of
the claim period on any claim made by virtue of this subsection.
( 4 ) Where notice of a claim has been served on a responsible
authority, any person authorised by that authority may, on giving
reasonable notice, enter the land to which the claim relates for
the purpose of surveying it and ascertaining its value in connec-
tion with the claim ; and any person who wilfully obstructs a
person in the exercise of the powers conferred by this subsection
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £20.
( 5) Where compensation is payable by a responsible authority
on a claim there shall be payable by the authority, in addition
to the compensation, any reasonable valuation or legal expenses
incurred by the claimant for the purposes of the preparation and
prosecution of the claim ; but this subsection is without prejudice
to the powers of the Lands Tribunal in respect of the expenses
of proceedings before the Tribunal by virtue of section 14
below.
Assessment of 4. (1) The compensation payable on any claim shall be
compensation: assessed by reference to prices current on the first day of the
general claim period.
provisions.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1643
( 2 ) In assessing depreciation due to the physical factors caused
PART I
by the use of any public works, account shall be taken of the
use of those works as it exists on the first day of the claim
period and of any intensification that may then be reasonably
expected of the use of those works in the state in which they
are on that date.
( 3) In assessing the extent of the depreciation there shall be
taken into account the benefit of any relevant works-
( a ) which have been carried out, or in respect of which a
grant has been paid, under section 18 below, section 15
of the Airports Authority Act 1965 or any correspond- 1965 с. 16.
ing local enactment ;
(b) which have been carried out under section 21 or 25
below;
and it shall be assumed that any relevant works which could be
or could have been carried out, or in respect of which a grant
could be or could have been paid, under any of the provisions
mentioned in paragraph (a) above have been carried out but, in a
case where the authority having functions under that provision
have a discretion whether or not to carry out the works or pay
the grant, only if they have undertaken to do so.
( 4 ) The value of the interest in respect of which the claim is
made shall be assessed-
( a) subject to subsection ( 5) below, by reference to the
nature of the interest and the condition of the land as
it subsisted on the date of service of notice of the
claim ;
( b ) subject to section 5 below, in accordance with rules
(2 ) to (4) of the rules set out in section 12 of the
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1963 ;
1963 с. 51 .
( c) if the interest is subject to a heritable security or to
missives of sale or to a contract made after the relevant
date for the grant of a tenancy, as if it were not subject
to the heritable security, missives or contract.
( 5 ) In assessing the value of the interest in respect of which the
claim is made there shall be left out of account any part of that
value which is attributable to-
( a ) any building, or improvement or extension of a building,
on the land if the building or, as the case may be, the
building as improved or extended, was first occupied
after the relevant date ; and
( b) any change in the use of the land made after that date.
5.- (1) The following assumptions shall be made in assessing Assessment of
the value of the interest in respect of which the claim is made. compensation :
assumptions
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, it shall be assumed that as to planning
planning permission would be granted in respect of the land permission.
1644 PART I
1972 с. 52.
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
in which the interest subsists ( " the relevant land ") or any part
thereof for development of any class specified in Schedule 6
to the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972.
( 3) Notwithstanding subsection ( 2) above-
( a ) it shall not by virtue of that subsection be assumed that
planning permission would be granted, in respect of the
relevant land or any part thereof, for development of
any class specified in Part II of the said Schedule 6 if
it is development for which planning permission has
been refused and compensation under section 158 of
the said Act of 1972 has become payable in respect of
that refusal ;
( b) where planning permission has been granted, in respect
of the relevant land or any part thereof, for develop-
ment of any class specified in the said Part II but was
so granted subject to conditions, and compensation
under the said section 158 has become payable in
respect of the imposition of the conditions, it shall not
by virtue of the said subsection ( 2) be assumed that
planning permission for that development, in respect
of the relevant land or that part thereof, as the case
may be, would be granted otherwise than subject to
those conditions ;
(c ) where an order has been made under section 49 of the
said Act of 1972, in respect of the relevant land or
any part thereof, requiring the removal of any building
or the discontinuance of any use, and compensation
has become payable in respect of that order under
section 159 of that Act , it shall not by virtue of the
said subsection (2) be assumed that planning permis-
sion would be granted, in respect of the relevant land
or any part thereof, as the case may be, for the re-
building of that building or the resumption of that use.
( 4) It shall be assumed that planning permission would not be
granted in respect of the relevant land or any part thereof for
any development other than such development as is mentioned
in subsection (2) above ; and, if planning permission has been
granted in respect of the relevant land or any part thereof for
such other development, it shall be assumed that the planning
permission has not been granted in so far as it relates to develop-
ment that has not been carried out.
(5) In this section any expression which is also used in the
said Act of 1972 has the same meaning as in that Act and
references to any provision of that Act include references to any
corresponding provision previously in force.
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 c.56
1645
6.- ( 1 ) The compensation payable on a claim shall be reduced
PART I
by an amount equal to any increase in the value of-
Reduction of
( a ) the claimant's interest in the land in respect of which compensation
where land is
the claim is made ; and
benefited.
( b) any interest in other land contiguous or adjacent to the
land mentioned in paragraph ( a) above to which the
claimant was entitled in the same capacity on the
relevant date,
which is attributable to the existence of or the use or prospective
use of the public works to which the claim relates .
( 2 ) Sections 4 and 5 above shall not apply to the assessment,
for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above, of the value of the
interest mentioned in paragraph ( a) of that subsection.
( 3) Where, for the purpose of assessing compensation on a
claim in respect of any interest in land, an increase in the value
of an interest in other land has been taken into account under
subsection ( 1 ) above, then, in connection with any subsequent
acquisition to which this subsection applies, that increase shall
not be left out of account by virtue of section 13 of the Land 1963 с. 51 .
Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1963 or taken into account by
virtue of section 14 of that Act or any corresponding enactment,
in so far as it was taken into account in connection with that
claim.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) above applies to any subsequent acquisition,
not being an acquisition of the land in respect of which the claim
is made, where either-
( a) the interest acquired by the subsequent acquisition is
the same as the interest previously taken into account
( whether the acquisition extends to the whole of the
land in which that interest previously subsisted or
only to part of that land) ; or
( b) the person entitled to the interest acquired is, or directly
or indirectly derives title to that interest from, the
person who at the time of the claim mentioned in
that subsection was entitled to the interest previously
taken into account ;
and in this subsection " the interest previously taken into
account " means the interest the increased value of which was
taken into account as mentioned in the said subsection (3) .
(5) For the purposes of this section a person entitled to
two interests in land shall be taken to be entitled to them
in the same capacity if , but only if, he is entitled-
( a) to both of them beneficially ; or
( b) to both of them as trustee of one particular trust ; or
1646 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART I
( c ) to both of them as personal representative of one par-
ticular person ;
and in this section references to a person deriving title from
another person include references to any successor in title of that
other person.
( 6 ) In subsection (3) above " corresponding enactment " has
the same meaning as in section 15 of the said Act of 1963 .
Exclusion of
minimal
compensation.
7. Compensation shall not be payable on any claim unless
the amount of the compensation exceeds £50.
Other
8.- ( 1) Where a claim has been made in respect of deprecia-
restrictions on tion of the value of an interest in land caused by the use of any
compensation. public works and compensation has been paid or is payable on
that claim, compensation shall not be payable on any subsequent
claim in relation to the same works and the same land or any
part thereof (whether in respect of the same or a different
interest) except that, in the case of land which is a dwelling,
this subsection shall not preclude the payment of compensation
both on a claim in respect of the ownership of the dominium
utile and on a claim in respect of a tenancy.
(2) Where a person is entitled to compensation in respect
of the acquisition of an interest in land by an authority possess-
ing compulsory purchase powers, or would be so entitled if the
acquisition were compulsory, and-
(a) the land is acquired for the purposes of any public
works ; and
( b) that person retains land which, in relation to the land
acquired, constitutes other land or lands within the
1845 с. 19.
meaning of section 61 of the Lands Clauses Consolida-
tion Scotland) Act 1845 (compensation for acquisition
to include compensation for injurious affection of other
land retained),
then, whether or not any sum is paid or payable in respect of
injurious affection of the land retained, compensation shall not
be payable under this Part of this Act on any claim in relation
to those works made after the date of service of the notice to
treat (or, if the acquisition is by agreement, the date of the agree-
ment) in respect of any interest in the land retained.
(3) Subsection ( 2) above applies whether the acquisition is
before, on or after 23rd June 1973 and, where it is on or after
that date, the public works for the purposes of which the land
is acquired shall be taken to be those specified in the relevant
particulars recorded under subsection ( 4 ) below.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
1647
( 4) Where on or after 23rd June 1973 an authority possessing
compulsory purchase powers acquires land for the purposes of
any public works and the person from whom the land is acquired
retains land which, in relation to the land acquired, constitutes
other land or lands within the meaning of the section mentioned
in subsection (2) above, the authority shall cause particulars of
the land retained and the nature and extent of those works to
be recorded in the Register of Sasines and shall send a copy of
those particulars to the local planning authority.
( 5 ) In a case in which compensation for injurious affection
fell or falls to be assessed otherwise than in accordance with
section 41 below, subsection (2) above shall not preclude the
payment of compensation under this Part of this Act in respect
of depreciation by public works so far as situated elsewhere than
on the land acquired.
(6 ) Where after a claim has been made in respect of any
interest in land the whole or part of the land in which that
interest subsists is compulsorily acquired, then, if-
( a ) the value of that land has been diminished by the
public works to which the claim relates ; but
( b) the compensation in respect of the compulsory acquisi-
tion falls to be assessed without regard to the
diminution,
the compensation in respect of the acquisition shall be reduced
by an amount equal to the compensation paid or payable on the
claim or, if the acquisition extends only to part of the land, to
so much of the last -mentioned compensation as is attributable
to that part .
( 7 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this
section, compensation shall not be payable in respect of the
same depreciation both under this Part of this Act and under
any other enactment.
PART I
9.-( 1 ) This section has effect where, whether before, on or Alterations to
after 23rd June 1973-
(a ) the carriageway of a highway has been altered after
public works
and changes
ofuse.the highway has been open to public traffic ;
( b) any public works other than a highway have been
reconstructed, extended or otherwise altered after they
have been first used ; or
( c ) there has been a change of use in respect of any public
works other than a highway or aerodrome .
( 2 ) If and so far as a claim in respect of the highway or other
public works relates to depreciation that would not have been
caused but for the alterations or change of use, this Part of
1648 PART I c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
this Act shall, subject to subsection ( 3) below, have effect in
relation to the claim as if the relevant date (instead of being
the date specified in section 1 (9) above) were-
( a) the date on which the highway was first open to public
traffic after completion of the alterations to the
carriageway ;
( b) the date on which the other public works were first
used after completion of the alterations ; or
( c ) the date of the change of use,
as the case may be.
( 3) Subsection (2) above shall not by virtue of any altera-
tions to an aerodrome apply to a claim in respect of physical
factors caused by aircraft unless the alterations are runway
or apron alterations.
( 4) Where a claim relates to such depreciation as is mentioned
in subsection ( 2 ) above the notice of claim shall specify, in
addition to the matters mentioned in section 3 above, the
alterations or change of use alleged to give rise to the deprecia-
tion ; and if and so far as the claim relates to such
depreciation-
(a ) section 6 above shall have effect as if the increase in
value to be taken into account were any increase that
would not have been caused but for the alterations or
change of use in question ;
(b) subsection ( 1) of section 8 above shall not preclude the
payment of compensation unless the previous claim
was in respect of depreciation that would not have
been caused but for the same alterations or change
of use, and subsection (2) of that section shall not
preclude the payment of compensation unless the
works for which the land was acquired were works
resulting from the alterations, or works used for the
purpose, to which the claim relates .
(5) For the purposes of this section the carriageway of a
highway is altered if, and only if-
(a ) the location, width or level of the carriageway is altered
(otherwise than by re-surfacing) ; or
(b) an additional carriageway is provided for the highway
beside, above or below an existing one ;
and the reference in subsection (2 ) above to depreciation that
would not have been caused but for alterations to the carriage-
way of a highway is a reference to such depreciation by physical
factors which are caused by the use of, and the source of which
is situated on, the length of carriageway which has been altered
as mentioned in paragraph (a) above or, as the case may be, the
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
1649
additional carriageway and the corresponding length of the
PART I
existing one mentioned in paragraph (b) above.
( 6 ) In this section " runway or apron alterations " means—
( a ) the construction of a new runway, the major re-
alignment of an existing runway or the extension or
strengthening of an existing runway ; or
( b) a substantial addition to, or alteration of, a taxiway
or apron, being an addition or alteration whose
purpose or main purpose is the provision of facilities
for a greater number of aircraft.
( 7 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
references in this section to a change of use do not include
references to the intensification of an existing use.
10.-( 1) Where an interest is subject to a heritable security- (a ) a claim may be made by any heritable creditor of the
Restricted
interests in
land.
interest as if he were the person entitled to that interest
but without prejudice to the making of a claim by
that person ;
( b) no compensation shall be payable in respect of the
interest of the heritable creditor (as distinct from the
interest which is subject to the heritable security) ;
( c) any compensation which is payable in respect of the
interest which is subject to the heritable security shall
be paid to the heritable creditor or, if there is more
than one heritable creditor, to the first heritable
creditor and shall in either case be applied by him as
if it were proceeds of sale.
( 2 ) Where the interest is that of any of the persons specified
in section 67 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 c. 19.
1845, that Act shall have effect with regard to the application of
the compensation as it has effect with regard to the application
of the compensation payable in respect of the purchase of land.
( 3) Where an interest in land is vested in trustees and a
person beneficially entitled (whether directly or derivatively)
under the trust is entitled or permitted by reason of his interest
to occupy the land, section 2 above shall have effect as if
occupation by that person were occupation by the trustees in
right of the interest vested in them.
11.-( 1) So much of section 2( 1) above as requires an interest Interests
qualifying for compensation under this Part of this Act to acquired by
have been acquired by the claimant before the relevant date shall inheritance.
not apply to any interest acquired by him by inheritance from a
1650 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
person who acquired that interest, or a greater interest out of
which it is derived, before the relevant date.
(2) For the purposes of this section an interest is acquired by a
person by inheritance if it devolves on him by virtue only of
a testamentary disposition or any other deed with testamentary
effect taking effect on, or the law of intestate succession as
applied to, the death of another person or the successive deaths
of two or more other persons .
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) above a person who
acquires an interest in satisfaction or in partial satisfaction of
any legacy, share in residue or other share in the estate of a
deceased person shall be treated as a person on whom the
interest devolves by direct bequest.
Special
provisions for
claims arising
before
23rd June
1973.
12.-( 1 ) Where the whole of the claim period for a claim
has expired before 23rd June 1973, or less than two years of
that period remains unexpired on that date, that period shall be
** treated as continuing until the end of two years from 23rd June
1973 .
(2 ) Where on or after 17th October 1972 and before 23rd
June 1973 a person-
( a) has disposed of an interest in land which would have
qualified for compensation under this Part of this Act
if it had then been in force and a notice of claim had
been served in respect of the interest immediately
before the disposal ; or
(b) being entitled to such an interest as is mentioned in
paragraph (a) above in land which is not a dwelling,
has granted a tenancy thereof so that the interest
remaining to him is not such an interest as aforesaid,
this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to any claim
made before the end of one year from 23rd June 1973 (being
a claim in relation to which the relevant date falls before the
disposal or the grant of the tenancy) as if that person were still
entitled to the interest disposed of or the interest to which he
was entitled prior to the grant of the tenancy.
( 3) Any notice of a claim made by virtue of subsection ( 2)
above shall specify, in addition to the matters mentioned in
section 3 above, the date on which the interest was disposed of
or, as the case may be, the date on which the tenancy was
granted.
( 4 ) A claim may be made by virtue of subsection ( 2) above
notwithstanding that the claim period has not begun but com-
pensation shall not be payable on the claim before the beginning
of that period.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.56
1651
( 5) In relation to a claim made by virtue of subsection (2)
PART I
above, section 4( 4 )(a) above shall have effect as if the reference
to the date of service of notice of the claim were a reference to
the date immediately preceding that on which the claimant
disposed of the interest or granted the tenancy.
13.- ( 1 ) The responsible authority in relation to a highway or Information
other public works shall keep a record and, on demand, furnish for
a statement in writing of-
ascertaining
relevant date.
( a ) the date on which the highway was first open to public
traffic, or was first open to public traffic after com-
pletion of any particular alterations to the carriageway
of the highway ;
( b) the date on which the public works were first used after
completion, or were first used after completion of any
particular alteration to those works ;
( c ) in the case of public works other than a highway or
aerodrome, the date on which there was a change of
use in respect of the public works.
( 2 ) A certificate by the Secretary of State stating that runway
or apron alterations have or have not been carried out at an
aerodrome and the date on which an aerodrome at which any
such alterations have been carried out was first used after
completion of the alterations shall be conclusive evidence of the
facts stated.
( 3) In this section references to alterations to the carriageway
of a highway, to runway or apron alterations and to a change
of use shall be construed in the same way as in section 9 above ;
and subsection (1) above shall not apply unless the date in
question falls on or after 23rd June 1973 .
14.-( 1 ) Any question of disputed compensation under this Disputes.
Part of this Act shall be referred to and determined by the
Lands Tribunal.
(2) No such question arising out of a claim made before
the beginning of the claim period shall be referred to that
Tribunal before the beginning of that period.
15. Where, in resisting a claim under this Part of this Act, Action for
a responsible authority contend that no enactment relating to the nuisance
works in question confers immunity from actions for nuisance following
in respect of the use to which the claim relates, then if- claimwhere unsuccessful
( a) compensation is not paid on the claim ; and
responsible
( b) an action for nuisance in respect of the matters which authority have
disclaimed
were the subject of the claim is subsequently brought statutory
by the claimant against the authority, immunity.
1652 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART I
no enactment relating to those works, being an enactment in
force when the contention was made, shall afford a defence
to that action in so far as it relates to those matters.
Interest on
16. Compensation under this Part of this Act shall carry
compensation. interest , at the rate for the time being prescribed under section
1963 с. 51 .
40 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1963, from—
(a ) the date of service of the notice of claim ; or
( b ) if that date is before the beginning of the claim period,
from the beginning of the claim period,
until payment.
Interpretation ofPart I.
17.- (1 ) In this Part of this Act-
"
" the appropriate highway authority means
( a) except where paragraph ( b) below applies, the
highway authority who constructed the highway to
which the claim relates ;
( b) if and so far as the claim relates to deprecia-
tion that would not have been caused but for altera-
tions to the carriageway of a highway, the highway
authority who carried out the alterations ;
" claim "
means a claim under this Part of this Act and
" the claimant " means the person making such a
claim ;
" the claim period " has the meaning given in section 3 (2)
above but subject to section 12( 1) above and sub-
section (3) below ;
" highway " includes part of a highway and means a high-
way or part of a highway within the meaning of the
1970 с. 20.
Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970 ;
" highway authority " has the meaning assigned to it in the
said Act of 1970 ;
" land " includes salmon fishings ;
66 6 "
public works " and responsible authority " have the
meaning given in section 1 above ;
" the relevant date " has the meaning given in sections
1(9) and 9 (2) above.
( 2) For the purposes of sections 2( 1 ), 11 ( 1) and 12(2) above
an interest acquired or disposed of, or a tenancy granted,
pursuant to a contract shall be treated as acquired, disposed
of or granted when the contract was made.
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1653
( 3) In the application of this Part of this Act to a road
which has not always since 17th October 1969 been a highway-
( a) references to its being open to public traffic shall be
construed as references to its being so open whether
or not as a highway ;
( b) for references to the highway authority who constructed
it there shall be substituted references to the highway
authority for the highway ;
and no claim shall be made if the relevant date falls at a time
when the road was not a highway and the road does not become
a highway within three years of that date, but, if it does, the
claim period shall be treated as continuing until the end of one
year from the date on which it becomes a highway if, apart from
this provision, that period would end earlier.
PART I
PART II
MITIGATION OF INJURIOUS EFFECT OF PUBLIC WORKS
Insulation against noise
18 .- (1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations impos- Sound-proofing
ing a duty or conferring a power on responsible authorities of buildings
to insulate buildings against noise caused or expected to be affected by
caused by the construction or use of public works or to make public works.
grants in respect of the cost of such insulation.
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may-
( a ) make provision as to the level of noise giving rise to
a duty or power under the regulations and the area in
which a building must be situated if a duty or power
is to arise in respect of it ;
( b) specify the classes of public works and of buildings in
respect of which a duty or power is to arise, and the
classes of persons entitled to make claims, under the
regulations ;
( c ) specify the nature and extent of the work which is to be
undertaken under the regulations and the expenditure
in respect of which and the rate at which grants are
to be made under the regulations ;
(d ) make the carrying out of work or the making of grants
under the regulations dependent upon compliance with
conditions ;
(e) make provision as to the funds out of which expenses
incurred by responsible authorities under the regula-
tions are to be defrayed ;
1654 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART II
1909 с. 47.
1971 с. 28 .
1965 с. 16.
( f ) make provision for the settlement of disputes arising
under the regulations.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (a)
of subsection ( 2) above, regulations made by virtue of that
paragraph may provide for the relevant level of noise or the
relevant area in a particular case to be determined by reference
to a document published by or on behalf of the Secretary of
State or by any other authority or body or in such other manner
as may be provided in the regulations.
( 4 ) If regulations under this section impose a duty or confer
a power to carry out, or make a grant in respect of the cost of,
work in respect of a building which is subject to a tenancy on
a claim in that behalf made by the landlord or the tenant,
provision may also be made by the regulations for enabling
the work to be carried out notwithstanding the withholding of
consent by the other party to the tenancy.
( 5 ) Regulations under this section may authorise or require
local authorities to act as agents for responsible authorities in
dealing with claims and in discharging or exercising the duties
or powers of responsible authorities under the regulations ,
and may provide for the making by responsible authorities of
payments to local authorities in respect of anything done by
them as such agents.
( 6) Regulations under this section may contain such supple
mentary provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be
necessary or expedient and may make different provision with
respect to different areas or different circumstances.
( 7) The power to make regulations under this section shall
be exercisable by statutory instrument .
( 8) A draft of any regulations under this section shall be laid
before Parliament and the first regulations shall not be made
unless the draft has been approved by a resolution of each
House of Parliament.
( 9) The purposes for which advances may be made by the
Secretary of State under section 8 of the Development and Road
Improvement Funds Act 1909 shall include the discharge or
exercise by a highway authority of any duty or power imposed
or conferred on the authority under this section.
(10 ) In sections 24( 4) and 29( a) of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act
1971 (increase of rent for improvements) after the words
“
section 15 of the Airports Authority Act 1965 ( grants towards
cost of soundproofing) " there shall be inserted the words " or
regulations under section 18 of the Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973 ".
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1655
(11) In this section " public works " and " responsible autho-
PART II
rity " have the same meaning as in section 1 above except that
public works " does not include an aerodrome and except that66
"
responsible authority ", in relation to a highway, includes
any authority having power to make an order in respect of
that highway under section 1 or 6 of the Road Traffic Regulation 1967 c. 76.
Act 1967 (traffic regulation orders) .
19. In section 15 of the Airports Authority Act 1965 ( grants Sound-
towards sound- proofing of dwellings affected by noise from proofing of buildings
aerodromes) references to dwellings shall include references to affected by
buildings other than dwellings but a scheme under that section aerodromes.
need apply only to such classes of buildings as the Secretary 1965 c. 16.
of State thinks fit.
Powers of highway authorities
20.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, a highway authority Acquisition of
land in
may acquire land compulsorily or by agreement for the purpose connection
of mitigating any adverse effect which the existence or use of a with highways.
highway constructed or improved by them, or proposed to be
constructed or improved by them, has or will have on the sur-
roundings of the highway.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, a highway authority may
acquire by agreement-
( a ) land the enjoyment of which is seriously affected by
the carrying out of works by the authority for the con-
struction or improvement of a highway ;
( b ) land the enjoyment of which is seriously affected by
the use of a highway which the authority have con-
structed or improved,
if the interest of the vendor is one which falls within section
181 (3) to (5) of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972 с. 52.
1972 (interests qualifying for protection under blight provisions)
taking references to the date of service of a notice under section
182 of that Act as references to the date on which the purchase
agreement is made.
( 3) The powers conferred by subsection (2)(b) above shall not
be exercisable unless the date on which the highway or, as the
case may be, the improved highway is first open to public
traffic falls on or after 17th October 1971 and the powers
1656 1947 с. 42.
c . 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
conferred by subsections (1) and (2)(a) above shall not be exercis-
able unless that date falls on or after 17th October 1972 ; and-
( a ) if that date falls not later than one year after 23rd May
1973-
( i ) the powers conferred by subsection (1) above
to acquire land compulsorily and the powers con-
ferred by subsection (2) (a) above shall not be exercis-
able unless the acquisition is begun before the end
of one year after 23rd May 1973 ;
(ii ) the powers conferred by subsection ( 1 ) above
to acquire land by agreement and the powers con-
ferred by subsection (2)(b) above shall not be exercis-
able unless the acquisition is begun before the end
of one year after 23rd May 1973 or one year
after that date, whichever ends later ;
( b) if that date falls more than one year after 23rd May
1973-
( i) the powers mentioned in paragraph ( a )(i ) above
shall not be exercisable unless the acquisition is
begun before that date ;
( ii) the powers mentioned in paragraph (a) (ii)
above shall not be exercisable unless the acquisition
is begun before the end of one year after that date.
( 4) Where under the powers of this section a highway authority
have acquired, or propose to acquire, land forming part of a
common or open space and other land is required for the pur-
pose of being given in exchange for the first-mentioned land, the
authority may acquire that other land compulsorily or by
agreement.
( 5) A power to acquire land compulsorily conferred by this
section on a local highway authority shall be exercisable in any
particular case on their being authorised by the Secretary of
State to exercise it ; and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation
Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 shall have effect-
( a ) in relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under
this section by a local highway authority, as if this
section had been in force immediately before the com-
mencement of that Act :
( b) in relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under
this section by the Secretary of State, as if this section
had been in force immediately before the commence-
ment of that Act and as if this section were included
among the enactments specified in section 1( 1)(b) of
that Act.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c.56
1657
( 6) For the purposes of subsection (3) above the acquisition
PART II
of any land is begun-
( a ) if it is compulsory, on the date on which the notice
required by paragraph 3( 1) (a) of Schedule 1 to the
said Act of 1947 is first published ;
(b) if it is by agreement, on the date on which the agreement
is made ;
and where the compulsory acquisition of any land under sub-
section ( 1) is begun within the time limited by subsection (3)
above but is not proceeded with, any subsequent compulsory
acquisition of that land under subsection ( 1) above shall be
treated for the purposes of this section as begun within that time.
( 7 ) For the purpose of assessing the compensation payable on
the compulsory acquisition of land under this section-
(a ) the land shall be treated as if it were being acquired for
the construction of the highway or, as the case may be,
the improvement in question ;
(b) section 35(3) of the Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970 (matters 1970 c. 20.
to be taken into account by Lands Tribunal) shall, so
far as applicable, apply as it does in relation to com-
pulsory acquisition under the provisions there
mentioned.
( 8) In section 5( 2 ) of the Trunk Roads Act 1946 ( delegation 1946 c. 46.
of functions relating to trunk roads) after the words " section
29( 4 ) of the Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970 " there shall be inserted
the words 66
or under section 20 of the Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973." .
( 9) In this section references to the construction or improve-
ment of a highway include references to the construction or
improvement of a highway by virtue of an order under section
3 or 14 of the Special Roads Act 1949 or section 15 of the 1949 с. 32.
Roads ( Scotland) Act 1970.
21.-( 1 ) A highway authority may carry out-
(a ) on land acquired by them under section 20 above ;
( b) on any other land belonging to them ;
( c ) on any highway for which they are the highway
authority ;
( d ) on any highway which they have been authorised to
improve or construct by virtue of an order under
section 3 or 14 of the Special Roads Act 1949 or
section 15 of the Roads (Scotland) Act 1970.
works for mitigating any adverse effect which the construction,
improvement, existence or use of a highway has or will have on
the surroundings of the highway.
Execution of
works in
connection
with highways .
1658 c .56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
the works that may be carried out under that subsection include
the planting of trees, shrubs or plants of any other description
and the laying out of any area as grassland.
( 3) A highway authority may develop or redevelop any land
acquired by them under section 20 above, or any other land
belonging to them, for the purpose of improving the surround-
ings of a highway in a manner which they think desirable by
reason of its construction, improvement, existence or use.
Agreements as
to use ofland
near highways .
1972 с. 52.
22.- (1 ) For the purpose of mitigating any adverse effect
which the construction, improvement, existence or use of a high-
way has or will have on the surroundings of the highway, the
highway authority may enter into an agreement with any person
interested in land adjoining or in the vicinity of the highway for
restricting or regulating the use of the land either permanently
or during such period as may be specified in the agreement ; and
any such agreement may, in particular, make provision for the
planting and maintenance of trees , shrubs or plants of any other
description on the land and for restricting the lopping or removal
of trees, shrubs or other plants on the land.
( 2 ) An agreement under this section may contain such inci-
dental and consequential provisions (including provisions of a
financial character) as appear to the highway authority to be
necessary or expedient for the purposes of the agreement.
( 3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, the provisions of any
agreement made under this section with any person interested in
land shall be binding on persons deriving title from that person
in respect of the land.
( 4 ) No provision shall be enforceable by virtue of subsection
( 3) above against a third party who shall have in good faith
and for value acquired right ( whether completed by infeftment
or not) to land prior to the agreement being recorded in the
Register of Sasines, or against any person deriving title from
such third party.
( 5 ) This section is without prejudice to section 50 of the
Town and Country Planning Act ( Scotland) 1972 (agreements
regulating development or use of land).
Advances for
23. The purposes for which advances may be made by the
exercise of
Secretary of State under section 8 of the Development and Road
powersby highway
Improvement Funds Act 1909 shall include the exercise by a
authorities.
highway authority of any powers conferred by sections 20 to 22
1909 с. 47.
above.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1659
Powers of authorities responsible for other public works PART II
24.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a responsible Acquisition of
authority may acquire land by agreement for the purpose of land in
mitigating any adverse effect which the existence or use of connection with public
any public works has or will have on the surroundings of the works.
works.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a responsible
authority may acquire by agreement-
( a ) land the enjoyment of which is seriously affected by the
carrying out of works by the authority for the con-
struction or alteration of any public works ;
( b) land the enjoyment of which is seriously affected by the
use of any public works,
if the interest of the vendor is of the kind mentioned in section
20(2) above.
( 3 ) The powers conferred by subsection (2)(b) above shall
not be exercisable unless the date on which the public works or,
as the case may be, the altered public works, are first used falls
on or after 17th October 1971 and the powers conferred by
subsections (1) and (2 ) (a ) above shall not be exercisable unless
that date falls on or after 17th October 1972 ; and-
( a ) if that date falls not later than one year after 23rd May
1973-
(i ) the powers conferred by subsections (1) and
( 2)(b) above shall not be exercisable unless the
acquisition is begun before the end of one year after
23rd May 1973 or one year after that date, which-
ever ends later ;
(ii) the powers conferred by subsection (2) (a)
above shall not be exercisable unless the acquisition
is begun before the end of one year after 23rd
May 1973 ;
( b) if that date falls more than one year after 23rd May
1973-
( i) the powers mentioned in paragraph (a) (i) above
shall not be exercisable unless the acquisition is
begun before the end of one year after that date ;
(ii) the powers mentioned in paragraph (a) (ii)
above shall not be exercisable unless the acquisition
is begun before that date.
( 4) For the purposes of subsection ( 3) above the acquisition
of any land shall be treated as begun when the agreement for
its acquisition is made.
1660 c .56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART II
1972 с. 52.
( 5) This section applies only where the responsible authority
have statutory powers to acquire land (whether compulsorily or
by agreement) for the purposes of their functions but would not,
apart from this section, have power to acquire land as mentioned
in subsections ( 1) and (2) above.
( 6 ) In this section " public works " and " responsible autho-
rity " have the same meaning as in section 1 above except that
" public works " does not include a road or any works form-
ing part of a statutory undertaking as defined in section 275( 1 )
of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972 .
Execution of
works etc. in
connection
with public
works.
25.-( 1 ) A responsible authority may carry out-
( a) if they have power to acquire land under section 24
above, on any land acquired by them under that
section ;
( b) on any other land belonging to them,
works for mitigating any adverse effect which the construction,
alteration, existence or use of any public works has or will have
on the surroundings of the works.
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1 ) above,
the works that may be carried out under that subsection include
the planting of trees, shrubs or plants of any other description
and the laying out of any area as grassland .
( 3) A responsible authority may-
( a) develop or redevelop any land acquired by them under
section 24 above, or any other land belonging to them,
for the purpose of improving the surroundings of
public works in any manner which they think desirable
by reason of the construction, alteration, existence or
use of the works ;
( b) dispose of any land acquired by them under section 24
above.
( 4) This section applies only where the responsible authority
are a body incorporated by or under any enactment and has
effect only for extending the corporate powers of any such
authority.
( 5) In this section " public works " and " responsible autho-
rity " have the same meaning as in section 1 above except that
public works " does not include a road.66
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
1661
Expenses of persons moving temporarily PART II
during construction works etc.
26.-(1 ) This section has effect where works are carried out- Power to pay
( a) by a highway authority for the construction or improve- expenses of
persons
ment of a road ; or moving
(b) by a responsible authority for the construction or altera- temporarily
tion of any public works other than a road, during
construction
and the carrying out of those works affects the enjoyment of a works etc.
dwelling adjacent to the site on which they are being carried out
to such an extent that continued occupation of the dwelling is
not reasonably practicable.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, the highway authority or
responsible authority, as the case may be, may pay any reason-
able expenses incurred by the occupier of the dwelling in
providing suitable alternative residential accommodation for
himself and members of his household for the whole or any part
of the period during which the works are being carried out.
( 3) No payment shall be made to any person under this section
in respect of any expenses except in pursuance of an agreement
made between that person and the authority concerned before
the expenses are incurred ; and no payment shall be so made
except in respect of the amount by which the expenses exceed
those which that person would have incurred if the dwelling had
continued to be occupied.
( 4 ) In this section-
( a) " highway authority " has the same meaning as in the
Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970 ; and
1970 с. 20.
( b) “ public works " and " responsible authority " have the
same meaning as in section 1 above.
PART III
PROVISIONS FOR BENEFIT OF PERSONS DISPLACED FROM LAND
Home loss payments
27.-( 1 ) Where a person is displaced from a dwelling on any Right to home
land in consequence of-
loss payment
(a) the compulsory acquisition of an interest in the dwel-
where person displaced from
ling;
dwelling.(b) the making, passing or acceptance of a housing order,
resolution or undertaking in respect of the dwelling ;
( c ) where the land has been previously acquired by an
authority possessing compulsory purchase powers or
1662 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
1971 с. 28.
1972 с. 52.
1968 с. 16.
appropriated by a local authority and is for the time
being held by the authority for the purposes for which
it was acquired or appropriated , the carrying out of
redevelopment on the land,
he shall, subject to the provisions of this section and section 29
below, be entitled to receive a payment (hereafter referred to as
a "home loss payment ") from the acquiring authority, the
authority who made the order, passed the resolution or accepted
the undertaking or the authority carrying out the redevelopment,
as the case may be.
( 2) A person shall not be entitled to a home loss payment
unless throughout a period of not less than five years ending
with the date of displacement-
( a) he has been in occupation of the dwelling, or a substan-
tial part of it, as his only or main residence ; and
( b) he has been in occupation as aforesaid by virtue of an
interest or right to which this section applies.
( 3) For the purposes of this section a person shall not be
treated as displaced from a dwelling in consequence of the
compulsory acquisition of an interest therein if he gives up his
occupation thereof before the date on which the acquiring
authority were authorised to acquire that interest , but, subject
to that, it shall not be necessary for the acquiring authority to
have required him to give up his occupation of the dwelling.
( 4) This section applies to the following interests and rights-
( a) any interest in the dwelling ;
( b) a right to occupy the dwelling as a statutory tenant
within the meaning of the Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971
or under a contract to which Part VII of that Act
( furnished lettings) applies or would apply if the con-
tract or dwelling were not excluded by section 85 (3 ) (a)
or 86 of that Act ;
( c ) a right to occupy the dwelling under a contract of
employment.
( 5) No home loss payment shall be made to any person dis-
placed from a dwelling in consequence of the compulsory
acquisition of an interest therein if the acquisition is in pur-
suance of the service by him of a blight notice within the
meaning of section 181 of the Town and Country Planning
( Scotland ) Act 1972 or of a notice under section 11 of the New
Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968.
(6) Where an authority possessing compulsory purchase
powers acquire the interest of any person in a dwelling by
agreement, then, in relation to any other person who is displaced
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
1663
from the dwelling in consequence of the acquisition, subsections
(1) to ( 4) above shall have effect as if the acquisition were
compulsory and the authority ( if not authorised to acquire the
interest compulsorily ) had been so authorised on the date of
the agreement.
( 7) In this section " a housing order, resolution or under-
taking " means-
( a ) a demolition or closing order under Part II of the
Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 ;
(b) a resolution under section 56 of the said Act of 1966 ; or
( c ) an undertaking accepted under section 15(4 ) ( i) of the
said Act of 1966 ;
and " redevelopment " includes a change of use.
( 8) Where an interest in a dwelling is vested in trustees and
a person beneficially entitled ( whether directly or derivatively)
under the trust is entitled or permitted by reason of his interest
to occupy the dwelling, he shall be treated for the purposes of
this section as occupying it by virtue of an interest in the
dwelling.
( 9) This section applies if the date of displacement is on or
after 17th October 1972.
PART III
1966 с. 49.
28.-( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the amount of a Amount of
home loss payment shall be an amount equal to the rateable home loss
value of the dwelling multiplied by six, subject to a maximum payment.
of£1,500 and a minimum of £150.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may from time to time by order
prescribe a different multiplier and a different maximum or
minimum for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above ; and the
power to make orders under this subsection shall be exercisable
by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) For the purposes of this section the rateable value of a
dwelling shall be determined as follows—
( a ) if the dwelling consists of lands and heritages for which
a rateable value is shown in the valuation roll in force
on the date of displacement, it shall be that rateable
value ;
( b) if the dwelling forms part only of such lands and
heritages or consists or forms part of more than one
unit of such lands and heritages, an apportionment or
aggregation of the rateable value or values so shown
shall be made by the assessor and the rateable value
of the dwelling shall be taken to be the amount
1664 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
1956 с. 60.
Supplemen-
tary provisions abouthome
loss payments.
certified by him as being the amount which, on such
an apportionment or aggregation, is properly attribu-
table to the dwelling ;
( c ) if neither paragraph (a) nor paragraph (b) of this
subsection applies to the dwelling, its rateable value
shall be determined by the assessor in accordance with
the Valuation Acts.
( 4 ) This section shall be construed as one with the Valuation
and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956.
29.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (8) below, no home loss pay-
ment shall be made except on a claim in that behalf made by
the person entitled thereto ( " the claimant ") before the expira-
tion of the period of six months beginning with the date of
displacement ; and any such claim shall be in writing and shall
be accompanied or supplemented by such particulars as the
authority responsible for making the payment may reasonably
require to enable them to determine whether the claimant is
entitled to a payment and, if so, its amount.
(2) A home loss payment shall be made not later than three
months after the date on which a claim for the payment is
made in accordance with subsection ( 1) above or, if those three
months end before the date of displacement, on the date of
displacement.
( 3) Where the claimant has been in occupation of a dwelling
or a substantial part of it as mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b)
of section 27(2) above for any period ( " the claimant's own
qualifying period ") and has also for an immediately preceding
period resided in the dwelling, or a substantial part of it , as his
only or main residence but without being in occupation as
required by those paragraphs then, if another person was, or
other persons successively were, in occupation thereof as men-
tioned in those paragraphs throughout that preceding period,
the claimant's own qualifying period shall be treated for the
purposes of section 27(2) above as including that preceding
period .
( 4 ) Where a person ( " the deceased ") dies before the
expiration of the period for making a claim to a home loss
payment and would have been entitled to such a payment if he
had made a claim within that period, a claim to that payment
may be made, before the expiration of that period, by any
person, not being a person under the age of eighteen, who-
( a) throughout a period of not less than five years ending
with the date of displacement of the deceased, has
resided in the dwelling, or a substantial part of it, as
his only or main residence ; and
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1665
(b) is entitled to benefit by virtue of-
(i) a testamentary disposition or any other deed
with testamentary effect taking effect on, or the law
of intestate succession as applied to, the death of
the deceased ; or
(ii) a right to jus relicti, jus relictae or legitim
out of the deceased's estate.
( 5 ) Where the claimant has successively been in occupation of
or resided in different dwellings in the same building, being
dwellings consisting of a room or rooms not constructed or
structurally adapted for use as a separate dwelling, section
27(2) above and subsections (3) and ( 4 ) above shall have effect
as if those dwellings were the same dwelling.
( 6) Where there are two or more persons entitled to make a
claim to a home loss payment in respect of the same dwelling
( whether by virtue of joint occupation or of subsection (4 )
above) the payment to be made on each claim shall be equal to
the whole amount of the home loss payment divided by the
number of such persons.
( 7) Where an interest in a dwelling is acquired by agreement
by an authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, the
authority may, in connection with the acquisition, make to the
person from whom the interest is acquired a payment corre-
sponding to any home loss payment which they would be
required to make to him if the acquisition were compulsory
and the authority had been authorised to acquire that interest
before he gave up occupation of the dwelling.
( 8) Where the date of displacement is before 23rd May 1973
the period within which a claim to a home loss payment can
be made shall be the period of six months beginning with
that date.
PART III
30.-( 1 ) Sections 27 to 29 above shall, so far as applicable, Home loss
have effect in relation to a person residing in a caravan on a payments for
caravan site who is displaced from that site as they have effect certain
caravan
in relation to a person displaced from a dwelling on any land dwellers.
but shall so have effect subject to the following modifications.
( 2) No home loss payment shall be made to any person by
virtue of this section except where no suitable alternative site for
stationing a caravan is available to him on reasonable terms.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) of section 27 above shall have effect as if
for the words preceding paragraph (a ) there were substituted the
Part II 2G
1666 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART III words " Where a person residing in a caravan on a caravan site
is displaced from that site in consequence of" and subsection (2 )
of that section shall have effect as if for paragraphs ( a ) and (b)
there were substituted-
" (a) he has been in occupation of the caravan site by using
a caravan stationed on it as his only or main
residence ; and
( b) he has been in occupation of the site as aforesaid by
virtue of an interest or right to which this section
applies. "
( 4 ) Section 28(3) above shall have effect as if-
( a ) paragraph (b) were omitted ; and
( b) in paragraphs (a ) and (c ) for the word " dwelling " there
were substituted the words "
caravan site together with
a caravan ".
( 5 ) Section 29 above shall have effect-
( a ) as if in subsection ( 3) for the words " in occupation of a
dwelling or a substantial part of it ", " resided in the
dwelling, or a substantial part of it " and " in occupa-
tion thereof " there were substituted respectively the
words " in occupation of a caravan site ", " resided in
a caravan on that site " and " in occupation of that
site " ;
(b ) as if in subsection ( 4 ) for the words " resided in the
dwelling, or a substantial part of it " there were sub-
stituted the words " resided in a caravan on the caravan
site "; and
(c ) as if for subsection (5 ) there were substituted-
“ (5) Where any land comprises two or more
caravan sites and the claimant has successively been
in occupation of or resided in a caravan on different
caravan sites on that land, section 27 (2) above and
subsections (3) and (4 ) above shall have effect as
if those sites were the same site." .
( 6 ) Sections 27 to 29 above shall have effect as if in any
provision not modified as aforesaid for any reference to a
dwelling or land there were substituted a reference to a caravan
site .
66
( 7 ) In this section caravan site " means land on which a
caravan is stationed for the purpose of human habitation and
land which is used in conjunction with land on which a caravan
is so stationed.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56 1667
Farm loss payments PART III
31.-( 1 ) Where land constituting or included in an agricul- Right to farm
tural unit is land in respect of which the person in occupation loss payment
of the unit has an owner's interest, then if- where person
displaced from
( a) in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of his agricultural
interest in the whole of that land ( " the land acquired ") unit.
he is displaced from the whole of that land ; and
( b ) not more than three years after the date of displacement
he begins to farm another agricultural unit (" the new
unit ") elsewhere in Great Britain,
he shall, subject to the provisions of this section and section 33
below, be entitled to receive a payment ( hereafter referred to as a
" farm loss payment ") from the acquiring authority.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above " owner's interest " means the
interest of an owner or a lessee under a lease, being a lease the
unexpired period of which on the date of displacement is not less
than three years, or the interest of a crofter or a landholder.
( 3) For the purposes of this section a person is displaced from
land in consequence of the compulsory acquisition of his interest
therein if , and only if , he gives up possession thereof-
( a) on being required to do so by the acquiring authority ;
( b) on completion of the acquisition ; or
( c ) where the acquiring authority permit him to remain
in possession of the land under a lease, or a right or
permission relating to land but not amounting to an
estate or interest therein, of a kind not making him a
tenant as defined in the Agricultural Holdings 1949 c. 75.
( Scotland ) Act 1949, on the expiration of that lease
or right or permission ;
and references in this section and section 32 below to the date
of displacement are references to the date on which the person
concerned gives up possession as aforesaid.
( 4) No farm loss payment shall be made to any person unless
on the date on which he begins to farm the new unit he is in
occupation of the whole of that unit in right of an interest as
owner thereof or a lease thereof , not having been entitled to any
such interest or lease before the date on which the acquiring
authority were authorised to acquire his interest in the land
acquired .
( 5) No farm loss payment shall be made by virtue of the
displacement of a person from any land if he is entitled to a
payment under section 12 of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous 1968 c. 34.
Provisions) Act 1968 in consequence of the acquisition of an
interest in, or the taking of possession of, that land.
Part II 2G2
1668 PART III
1972 с. 52.
1968 с. 16.
Amount of
farm loss
payment.
c . 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 6 ) No farm loss payment shall be made to any person dis-
placed from land in consequence of the compulsory acquisition
of his interest therein if the acquisition of his interest in the
whole or any part of that land is in pursuance of the service by
him of a blight notice within the meaning of section 181 of the
Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 or a notice
under section 11 of the New Towns ( Scotland) Act 1968.
( 7) This section applies if the date of displacement is on or
after 17th October 1972 .
32.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the amount
of any farm loss payment shall be equal to the average annual
profit derived from the use for agricultural purposes of the
agricultural land comprised in the land acquired ; and that profit
shall be computed by reference to the profits for the three years
ending with the date of displacement or, if the person concerned
has then been in occupation for a shorter period, that period.
( 2) Where accounts have been made up in respect of the
profits of the person concerned for a period or consecutive
periods of twelve months and that period or the last of them
ends not more than one year before the date of displacement,
subsection ( 1) above shall have effect as if the date on which
that period or the last of those periods ends were the date of
the displacement.
( 3) Where the date of displacement is determined in accord-
ance with section 31 (3)(c) above and the person concerned has
on that date been in occupation for more than three years, he
may elect that the average annual profit shall, instead of being
computed by reference to the profits for the years mentioned in
subsection ( 1) above, be computed by reference to the profits
for-
( a ) any three consecutive periods of twelve months for which
accounts in respect of his profits have been made up,
being periods for which he has been in occupation and
the last of which ends on or after the date of com-
pletion of the acquisition ; or
( b) if there are no such periods as aforesaid, any three
consecutive years for which he has been in occupation
and the last of which ends on or after the date men-
tioned in paragraph (a) above.
( 4 ) In calculating the profits mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above there shall be deducted a sum equal to the rent that might
reasonably be expected to be payable in respect of the agri-
cultural land comprised in the land acquired if it were let
for agricultural purposes to a tenant responsible for rates,
repairs and other outgoings ; and that deduction shall be made
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
1669
whether or not the land is in fact let and, if it is, shall be
PART III
made to the exclusion of any deduction for the rent actually
payable.
( 5 ) In calculating the profits mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above there shall be left out of account profits from any activity
if a sum in respect of loss of profits from that activity would
fall to be included in the compensation, so far as attributable to
disturbance, for the acquisition of the interest in the land
acquired.
( 6 ) Where the value of the agricultural land comprised in
the land acquired exceeds the value of the agricultural land
comprised in the new unit the amount of the farm loss payment
shall be proportionately reduced.
( 7 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 6) above the value of any
land shall be assessed-
( a) on the basis of its value as land used solely for agri-
culture and as for an interest as owner thereof with
vacant possession ;
( b) by reference to the condition of the land and its sur-
roundings and to prices current-
(i ) in the case of the land comprised in the land
acquired, on the date of displacement ;
( ii) in the case of land comprised in the new unit ,
on the date on which the person concerned begins to
farm the new unit ;
( c ) in accordance with rules ( 2) to ( 4) of the rules set out
in section 12 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1963 с. 51 .
1963 ;
( d ) without regard to the principal dwelling, if any, com-
prised in the same agricultural unit as that land.
(8) The amount of a farm loss payment shall not be greater
than the amount, if any, by which-
( a ) that payment, calculated apart from this subsection,
together with compensation for the acquisition of the
interest in the land acquired assessed on the assump-
tions mentioned in section 5(2) , (3) and (4 ) above,
( including any sum included as compensation for
disturbance), exceeds
( b) the compensation actually payable for the acquisition
of that interest.
( 9) Any dispute as to the amount of a farm loss payment
shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.
PartII 2G3
1670 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III 33.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection (7) below, no farm loss pay-
Supplemen- ment shall be made except on a claim in that behalf made by
tary provisions the person entitled thereto before the expiration of the period
about farm of one year beginning with the date on which the requirement
loss payments. in section 31( 1)(b) above is complied with, and any such claim
shall be in writing and shall be accompanied or supplemented by
such particulars as the acquiring authority may reasonably
require to enable them to determine whether that person is
entitled to a payment and, if so, its amount.
(2) Where the agricultural unit containing the land acquired
is occupied for the purposes of a partnership firm sections
31 and 32 above shall have effect in relation to the firm and
not the partners individually (any interest of a partner in the
land acquired being treated as an interest of the firm) except
that the requirements in section 31 as to the new unit shall be
treated as complied with in relation to the firm as soon as they
are complied with by any one of the persons who were members
of the firm.
(3) Where a person dies before the expiration of the period
for making a claim to a farm loss payment and would have been
entitled to such a payment if he had made a claim within that
period, a claim to that payment may be made, before the expira-
tion of that period, by his personal representative.
( 4 ) Where an interest in land is acquired by agreement by
an authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, the
authority may, in connection with the acquisition, make to the
person from whom the interest is acquired a payment corres-
ponding to any farm loss payment which they would be required
to make to him if the acquisition were compulsory and the
authority (if not authorised to acquire the interest compulsorily)
had been so authorised on the date of the agreement.
(5) Where a farm loss payment is made to any person the
authority making the payment shall also pay any reasonable
valuation or legal expenses incurred by that person for the
purposes of the preparation and prosecution of his claim to the
payment ; but this subsection is without prejudice to the powers
of the Lands Tribunal in respect of the expenses of proceedings
before the Tribunal by virtue of section 32(9) above.
(6) A farm loss payment shall carry interest , at the rate
1963 с. 51 .
for the time being prescribed under section 40 of the Land
Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963, from the date mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) above until payment.
( 7) Where the date mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above is before
23rd May 1973 the period within which a claim to a farm loss
payment can be made shall be the period of one year beginning
with 23rd May 1973.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1671
Disturbance payments PART III
34.-( 1 ) Where a person is displaced from any land in con- Disturbance
sequence of-
payments for
persons
( a ) the acquisition of the land by an authority possessingwithout
compulsory purchase powers ; compensatable
( b) the making, passing or acceptance of a housing order, interests.
resolution or undertaking in respect of a house or
building on the land ;
( c) where the land has been previously acquired by an
authority possessing compulsory purchase powers or
appropriated by a local authority and is for the time
being held by the authority for the purposes for which
it was acquired or appropriated, the carrying out of
redevelopment on the land,
he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be entitled to
receive a payment (hereafter referred to as a " disturbance
payment ") from the acquiring authority, the authority who
made the order, passed the resolution or accepted the under-
taking or the authority carrying out the redevelopment, as the
case may be.
( 2 ) Aperson shall not be entitled to a disturbance payment-
(a ) in any case, unless he is in lawful possession of the
land from which he is displaced ;
( b) in a case within subsection ( 1) (a) above, unless either-
(i) he has no interest in the land for the acquisition
or extinguishment of which he is (or if the acquisi-
tion or extinguishment were compulsory would be)
entitled to compensation under any other enact-
ment ; or
(ii) he has such an interest as aforesaid but the
compensation is subject to a site value provision and
he is not (or if the acquisition were compulsory
would not be) entitled in respect of that acquisition
to an owner-occupier's supplement ;
(c ) in a case within subsection ( 1) (b) above, if he is
entitled to an owner-occupier's supplement by reference
to the order, resolution or undertaking.
In this subsection " site value provision means section 20
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 or section 10 of the Housing 1966 с. 49.
( Scotland) Act 1969 and " owner-occupier's supplement " means
a payment under sections 18 to 20 of the Housing ( Scotland) 1969 c. 34.
Act 1969.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above a person shall
not be treated as displaced in consequence of any such acquisi-
tion or redevelopment as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c)
Part II 2G4
1672 PART III 1963 с. 51 .
1972 с. 46.
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
of that subsection unless he was in lawful possession of the
land-
( a ) in the case of land acquired under a compulsory
purchase order, at the time when notice was first
published of the making of the compulsory purchase
order prior to its submission for confirmation or, where
the order did not require confirmation, of the prepara-
tion of the order in draft ;
(b) in the case of land acquired under an Act specifying the
land as subject to compulsory acquisition, at the time
when the provisions of the Bill for that Act specifying
the land were first published ;
( c) in the case of land acquired by agreement, at the time
when the agreement was made ;
and a person shall not be treated as displaced in consequence
of any such order, resolution or undertaking as is mentioned in
paragraph (b) of that subsection unless he was in lawful posses-
sion as aforesaid at the time when the order was made, the
resolution was passed or the undertaking was accepted.
( 4 ) Where a person is displaced from any land as mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above but is not entitled, as against the autho-
rity there mentioned, to a disturbance payment or to compensa-
tion for disturbance under any other enactment, the authority
may, if they think fit , make a payment to him determined in
accordance with section 35(1) to (3) below.
( 5) A disturbance payment shall carry interest, at the rate for
the time being prescribed under section 40 of the Land Com-
pensation (Scotland ) Act 1963, from the date of displacement
until payment.
(6) This section does not apply to any land which is used for
the purposes of agriculture.
( 7) In section 71( 4) of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 (financial assistance towards tenants' removal
expenses) for the words from " 160 " to the end there shall be
substituted the words " 34 of the Land Compensation (Scotland)
Act 1973 ( disturbance payments for persons without compensa-
table interests) " .
( 8) In this section " a housing order, resolution or under-
taking " and " redevelopment " have the same meaning as in
section 27 above.
(9) This section applies if the date of displacement is on or
after 17th October 1972.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1673
35.-(1 ) The amount of a disturbance payment shall be
PART III
equal to-
Amount of
disturbance
( a) the reasonable expenses of the person entitled to the payment.
payment in removing from the land from which he is
displaced; and
( b) if he was carrying on a trade or business on that land,
the loss he will sustain by reason of the disturbance of
that trade or business consequent upon his having to
quit the land.
( 2 ) In estimating the loss of any person for the purposes of
subsection ( 1) ( b) above, regard shall be had to the period for
which the land occupied by him may reasonably have been
expected to be available for the purposes of his trade or business
and to the availability of other land suitable for that purpose.
This subsection has effect subject to section 43( 7) below.
( 3) Where the displacement is from a dwelling in respect of
which structural modifications have been made for meeting the
special needs of a disabled person (whether or not the person
entitled to the disurbance payment ) then, if-
( a ) a local authority having duties under section 12 of the
Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968, provided assistance, 1968 с. 24.
or
( b) such an authority would, if an application had been
made, have provided assistance,
for making those modifications, the amount of the disturbance
payment shall include an amount equal to any reasonable
expenses incurred by the person entitled to the payment in
making, in respect of a dwelling to which the disabled person
removes, comparable modifications which are reasonably
required for meeting the disabled person's special needs.
( 4 ) Any dispute as to the amount of a disturbance payment
shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.
1674 PART III
Duty to rehouse
residential
occupiers.
1972 с. 52.
1968 с. 31 .
1966с. 49
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
Rehousing
36.-( 1) Where a person is displaced from residential accom-
modation on any land in consequence of-
( a) the acquisition of the land by an authority possessing
compulsory purchase powers ;
( b) the making, passing or acceptance of a housing order,
resolution or undertaking in respect of a house or
building on the land ;
( c) where the land has been previously acquired by an
authority possessing compulsory purchase powers or
appropriated by a local authority and is for the time
being held by the authority for the purposes for which
it was acquired or appropriated, the carrying out of
redevelopment on the land,
and suitable alternative residential accommodation on reasonable
terms is not otherwise available to that person, then, subject to
the provisions of this section, it shall be the duty of the relevant
authority to secure that he will be provided with such other
accommodation.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not by virtue of paragraph ( a)
thereof apply to a person if the acquisition is in pursuance of
the service by him of a blight notice within the meaning of
section 181 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act
1972.
(3) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to any person who is
a trespasser on the land or who has been permitted to reside in
any house or building on the land pending its demolition.
( 4) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to any person to whom
money has been advanced-
(a) under section 38 below ;
( b ) under the Small Dwellings Acquisition (Scotland ) Acts
1899 to 1923 or section 49 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ; or
(c) by a development corporation otherwise than under
section 38 below,
for the purpose of enabling him to obtain accommodation in
substitution for that from which he is displaced as mentioned in
that subsection.
(5) Subsection ( 1) (a ) above shall not apply to any acquisition
of land in relation to which the Secretary of State has before
23rd May 1973 decided under paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 to
the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 that a housing scheme is not
necessary.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c .56
( 6) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above a person shall not
PART III
be treated as displaced in consequence of any such acquisition
or redevelopment as is mentioned in paragraph ( a) or ( c) of that
subsection unless he was residing in the accommodation in
question-
( a ) in the case of land acquired under a compulsory
purchase order, at the time when notice was first
published of the making of the order prior to its sub-
mission for confirmation or, where the order did not
require confirmation, of the preparation of the order
in draft ;
( b) in the case of land acquired under an Act specifying the
land as subject to compulsory acquisition, at the time
when the provisions of the Bill for the Act specifying
the land were first published ;
( c ) in the case of land acquired by agreement, at the time
when the agreement was made ;
and a person shall not be treated as displaced in consequence of
any such order, resolution or undertaking as is mentioned in
paragraph (b) of that subsection unless he was residing in the
accommodation in question at the time when the order was
made, the resolution was passed or the undertaking was accepted.
( 7 ) Subject to subsection (8) below, " the relevant authority
"
for the purposes of this section is the local authority having
functions in relation to the district where the land is situated 1966 с. 49.
under Part VII of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966.
(8) Where the land is in an area designated as the site of a
new town-
( a) paragraph (c ) of subsection ( 1) above shall apply if the
land on which the redevelopment is carried out has
been previously acquired by the development corpora-
tion and is for the time being held by that corporation ;
( b ) the development corporation shall, in a case falling
within paragraph (a) or (c) of that subsection, be the
relevant authority for the purposes of this section.
( 9) In this section " a housing order, resolution or under-
taking " and " redevelopment " have the same meaning as in
section 27 above.
37.- ( 1) Section 36 above shall, so far as applicable, have Duty to
effect in relation to a person residing in a caravan on a caravan rehouse
site who is displaced from that site as it has effect in relation to certain
a person displaced from residential accommodation on any land caravan
but shall so have effect subject to the following modifications. dwellers.
1675
1676 PART III
Power of
relevant
authority to
make
advances
repayable on
maturity to
displaced
residential
owner-
occupiers.
c .56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) of the said section 36 shall have effect-
( a ) as if for the words preceding paragraph (a ) there were
substituted the words " Where a person residing in a
caravan on a caravan site is displaced from that site in
consequence of " ; and
( b) as if for the words following paragraph (c ) there were
substituted the words " and neither suitable residential
accommodation nor a suitable alternative site for
stationing a caravan is available to that person on rea-
sonable terms, then, subject to the provisions of this
section, it shall be the duty of the relevant authority to
secure that he will be provided with suitable residential
accommodation.".
( 3) Subsection (6 ) of the said section 36 shall have effect as if
in the words preceding paragraph (a) for the words " unless he
was residing in the accommodation in question " there were
substituted the words " unless he was residing in a caravan on
the caravan site in question ".
( 4 ) The said section 36 shall have effect as if in any provision
not modified as aforesaid for any reference to land there were
substituted a reference to a caravan site .
(5 ) In this section " caravan site " has the same meaning as in
section 30 above.
38.-( 1 ) Where a person displaced from a dwelling in conse-
quence of any of the matters mentioned in subsection ( 1)(a),
(b) or (c) of section 36 above-
( a) is an owner-occupier of the dwelling ; and
(b) wishes to acquire or construct another dwelling in sub-
stitution for that from which he is displaced,
the relevant authority for the purposes of that section may
advance money to him for the purpose of enabling him to
acquire or construct the other dwelling.
( 2 ) The power conferred by this section shall be exercisable
subject to such conditions as may be approved by the Secretary
of State and the following provisions shall apply with respect to
any advance made in the exercise of that power.
( 3) The advance shall be made-
( a ) on terms providing for the payment of the principal-
(i ) at the end of a fixed period, with or without
a provision allowing the authority to extend that
period ; or
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
( ii ) upon notice given by the authority,
PART ID
subject, in either case, to a provision for earlier repay-
ment on the happening of a specified event ;
( b) on such other terms as the authority may think fit
having regard to all the circumstances.
( 4 ) An advance for the construction of a dwelling may be
made by instalments from time to time as the works of con-
struction progress.
( 5) The principal of the advance, together with interest
thereon, shall be secured by a heritable security of the borrower's
interest in the dwelling, and the amount of the principal shall not
exceed the value which, in accordance with a valuation duly
made on behalf of the relevant authority, it is estimated that
the borrower's interest will bear or, as the case may be, will
bear when the dwelling has been constructed.
( 6 ) Before advancing money under this section the relevant
authority shall satisfy themselves that the dwelling to be acquired
meets or will meet the tolerable standard as determined for the
purposes of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 by section 2 of that 1969 c. 34.
Act .
( 7 ) While the payment of the principal of an advance made by
a local authority under this section is not required in accordance
with the terms of the advance, the local authority may
suspend, with respect to so much of any sum borrowed by
them as is referable to the advance, any periodical provision
for repayment that may be required by any enactment.
( 8) The power conferred by this section on a relevant authority
is without prejudice to any power to advance money exercisable
by the authority under any other enactment.
66
( 9 ) In this section owner-occupier ", in relation to any
dwelling, means a person who occupies it on the date of
displacement and either-
( a) occupies it on that date in right of an owner's interest
or a lease of which not less than three years remain
unexpired or by virtue of a tenancy or other interest
to which the Crofters (Scotland ) Acts 1955 and 1961
or the Small Landholders (Scotland ) Acts 1886 to 1931
apply ; or
( b) if the displacement is in consequence of the matters men-
tioned in paragraph (c) of section 36( 1) above, occupied
it in right of such an interest or lease or by virtue of
such a tenancy or interest on the date on which the land
was acquired or appropriated as mentioned in that
paragraph.
1677
1678 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART III
(10) In this section references to the construction of a dwelling
include references to the acquisition of a building and its con-
version into a dwelling and to the conversion into a dwelling
of a building previously acquired.
Duty of displacing
39.-( 1 ) Where a relevant authority within the meaning of
section 36 above provide or secure the provision of accommoda-
authority to indemnify rehousing or
tion for any person in pursuance of subsection ( 1 )(a) or (c )
of that section, then, if-
lending
(a) the authority providing the accommodation ( " the re-
authority for
housing authority ") are not the same as the authority
net losses.
by whom the land in question is acquired or redeveloped
( " the displacing authority ") ; and
(b) the displacing authority are not an authority having
1966 с. 49.
functions under Part VII of the Housing (Scotland ) Act
1966,
the displacing authority shall make to the rehousing authority
periodical payments, or if the rehousing authority so require
a lump sum payment, by way of indemnity against any net loss
in respect of the rehousing authority's provision of that accom-
modation which may be incurred by that authority in any year
during the period of ten years commencing with the year in
which the accommodation is first provided.
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above a local authority
incur a net loss in respect of their provision of accommodation
for a person whom they are rehousing-
(a ) if they rehouse him in a house provided by them under
Part VII of the said Act of 1966, for the purpose of
rehousing him ; or
(b) if-
(i ) they rehouse him in a house to which the hous-
ing revenue account relates not so provided, and
(ii ) provide under the said Part VII in the year
immediately preceding that in which he first
occupies it, or in the period of three years com-
mencing with the year in which he first occupies it,
a house of a similar type or size.
(3) Where money has been advanced to a person as mentioned
in section 36( 4) above, then if-
(a) the authority making the advance ( " the lending autho-
rity ") are not the same as the displacing authority ;
and
(b) the lending authority incur a net loss in respect of the
making of the advance,
the displacing authority shall make to the lending authority a
lump sum payment by way of indemnity against that loss.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1679
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsection (3) above, a lending autho
rity incur a net loss in respect of the making of an advance
to any person if-
( a) he does not fully discharge his liability to the authority
in respect of principal, interest and expenses in accord-
ance with the terms on which the advance is made ; and
( b ) the deficiency exceeds the net proceeds arising to the
authority on a sale of the interest on which the prin-
cipal and interest is secured.
(5) The Secretary of State may-
( a) for the purposes of subsection (1) above from time to
time determine a method to be used generally in
calculating net losses incurred by rehousing authorities ;
( b) for the purposes of that subsection or subsection (3)
above, determine the net loss incurred by a rehousing
authority or lending authority in any particular case ;
( c) give directions as to the manner in which any payment
under this section is to be made.
(6 ) Subsection (2) above shall be construed as one with the
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972.
PART III
1972 с. 46.
40.- ( 1) Where a person displaced from a dwelling in conse- Power of
quence of any such acquisition as is mentioned in section relevant
36( 1 ) ( a) above- authority to
defray
( a) has no interest in the dwelling or no greater interest expenses in
therein than as tenant for a year or from year to year ; connection
and with
acquisition of
(b) wishes to acquire another dwelling in substitution for new dwellings .
that from which he is displaced,
the acquiring authority may pay any reasonable expenses in-
curred by him in connection with the acquisition, other than the
purchase price.
( 2 ) No payment shall be made under this section in respect
of expenses incurred by any person in connection with the
acquisition of a dwelling unless the dwelling is acquired not
later than one year after the displacement and is reasonably
comparable with that from which he is displaced.
(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) above a dwelling
acquired pursuant to a contract shall be treated as acquired when
the contract is made.
( 4) Subsections (3) and (6) of section 36 above shall have
effect in relation to subsection ( 1 ) above and to subsection
( 1 ) (a) of that section as applied thereby.
1680 c .56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
Compensation for injurious affection.
1845 с. 19.
1972 с. 60.
PART IV
COMPULSORY PURCHASE
Assessment of compensation
41.-( 1) Where land is acquired or taken from any person for
the purpose of works which are to be situated partly onthat land
and partly elsewhere, compensation for injurious affection of
land retained by that person shall be assessed by reference to the
whole of the works and not only the part situated on the land
acquired or taken from him.
( 2 ) In this section " compensation for injurious affection "
means compensation for injurious affection under section 61 or
114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845,
and subsection (1) above shall apply with the necessary modifica-
tions to such compensation under the said section 61 as
substituted by paragraph 26 of Schedule 2 to the Gas Act 1972
( compulsory acquisition of rights over land ) or any correspond-
ing enactment extending to Scotland, including (except where
otherwise provided) an enactment passed after 23rd May 1973 .
Compensation 42.-( 1 ) This section applies to the assessment of compensa-
for acquisition tion in respect of the compulsory acquisition of an interest in a
ofdwelling
dwelling which-
specially
adapted for
( a ) has been constructed or substantially modified to meet
disabled
the special needs of a disabled person ; and
person.
( b ) is occupied by such a person as his residence immedi-
ately before the date when the acquiring authority
take possession of the dwelling or was last so occupied
before that date.
( 2) The compensation shall, if the person whose interest is
acquired so elects, be assessed as if the dwelling were land
which is devoted to a purpose of such a nature that there is no
general demand or market for land for that purpose.
Compensation 43.-( 1) Where a person is carrying on a trade or business
for disturbance on any land and, in consequence of the compulsory acquisition
where
business
of the whole of that land, is required to give up possession
carried on
thereof to the acquiring authority, then if-
byperson
over sixty.
( a ) on the date on which he gives up possession as aforesaid
he has attained the age of sixty ; and
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
( b ) on that date the land is or forms part of a hereditament
PART IV
the annual value of which does not exceed the pre-
scribed amount ; and
( c ) that person has not disposed of the goodwill of the
whole of the trade or business and gives to the acquir-
ing authority the undertakings mentioned in subsection
( 3) below,
the compensation payable to that person in respect of the
compulsory acquisition of his interest in the land or, as the
case may be, under section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolida- 1845 c. 19.
tion (Scotland ) Act 1845 (tenants from year to year etc.) shall,
so far as attributable to disturbance, be assessed on the assump
tion that it is not reasonably practicable for that person to carry
on the trade or business or, as the case may be, the part thereof
the goodwill of which he has retained, elsewhere than on that
land.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above " the prescribed amount " means
the amount which on the date mentioned in that subsection is
the amount prescribed for the purposes of section 181 ( 4) ( a) of
the Town and Country ( Scotland ) Planning Act 1972 (interests 1972 с. 52.
qualifying for protection under planning blight provisions) and
" annual value " and " hereditament " have the meanings given
in section 196 of that Act taking references to the date of service
of a notice under section 182 of that Act as references to the date
mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) The undertakings to be given by the person claiming com-
pensation are-
( a) an undertaking that he will not dispose of the goodwill
of the trade or business, or, as the case may be, of the
part thereof the goodwill of which he has retained ; and
( b) an undertaking that he will not, within such area and for
such time as the acquiring authority may require,
directly or indirectly engage in or have any interest in
any other trade or business of the same or substantially
the same kind as that carried on by him on the land
acquired .
( 4 ) If an undertaking givenby a person for the purposes of this
section is broken the acquiring authority may recover from him
an amount equal to the difference between the compensation paid
and the compensation that would have been payable if it had
been assessed without regard to the provisions of this section.
(5) This section shall apply to a trade or business carried on by
two or more persons in partnership as if references to the person
by whom it is carried on were references to all the partners and
as if the undertakings mentioned in subsection (3) above were
required to be given by all the partners .
1681
1682 PART IV
Compensation
in respect of
agricultural
holdings.
1949 с. 75.
c. 56
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1973
( 6) This section shall apply to a trade or business carried on
by a company-
( a) as if subsection ( 1) (a) above required-
(i) each shareholder, other than a minority share-
holder, to be an individual who has attained the age
of sixty on the date there mentioned ; and
(ii) each minority shareholder to be an individual
who either has attained that age on that date or is
the spouse of a shareholder who has attained that
age on that date ; and
( b) as if the undertakings mentioned in subsection (3) (b)
above were required to be given both by the company
and by each shareholder.
In this subsection " shareholder " means a person who is
beneficially entitled to a share or shares in the company carry-
ing voting rights and " minority shareholder " means a person
who is so entitled to less than 50 per cent. of those shares .
( 7) This section shall apply in relation to any disturbance
payment assessed in accordance with section 35( 1)(b) above
as it applies in relation to the compensation mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) above, and shall so apply subject to the neces-
sary modifications and as if references to the giving up of
possession of land to the acquiring authority in consequence of
its compulsory acquisition were references to displacement as
mentioned in section 34 above.
44.-(1) This section has effect where in pursuance of any
enactment providing for the acquisition or taking of possession
of land compulsorily an acquiring authority-
(a ) acquire the interest of the landlord in an agricultural
holding or any part of it ; or
( b) acquire the interest of the tenant in, or take possession
of, an agricultural holding or any part of it.
(2) In assessing the compensation payable by the acquiring
authority to the landlord in connection with any such acquisition
of an interest as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) (a) above--
( a ) there shall be disregarded any right of the landlord to
serve a notice to quit, and any notice to quit already
served by the landlord, which would not be or would
not have been effective if-
(i) in section 25(2)(c) of the Agricultural Holdings
( Scotland) Act 1949 (land required for non-agricul-
tural use for which planning permission has been
granted etc.) the reference to the land being required
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1973 c . 56
did not include a reference to its being required by PART IV
an acquiring authority ; and
(ii ) in section 26( 1 )(e) of that Act (proposed termi-
nation of tenancy for purpose of land's being used
for non-agricultural use not falling within section
25(2) (c) ) the reference to the land's being used did
not include a reference to its being used by an
acquiring authority ; and
( b) there shall be disregarded any entitlement of the land-
lord to resume land comprised in the holding by virtue
of a stipulation in the lease, and any notice already
given in pursuance of such a stipulation which would
not be or would not have been effective if the stipula-
tion were construed as not including authority to
resume the land for the purpose of its being required
by the acquiring authority ; and
(c ) if the tenant has quitted the holding or any part of it
by reason of a notice to quit which is to be so dis-
regarded, it shall be assumed that he has not done so ;
and
( d ) if land comprised in the holding has been resumed
by reason of such an entitlement or notice which is to
be so disregarded that land shall be assumed not to
have been so resumed.
( 3) In assessing the compensation payable by the acquiring
authority to the tenant in connection with any such acquisition
of an interest or taking of possession of land as is mentioned
in subsection (1)(b) above ( hereafter referred to as " the tenant's
compensation "), there shall be disregarded-
( a) any right of the landlord to serve a notice to quit,
and any notice to quit already served by the landlord,
which would not be or would not have been effective
if the said sections 25(2) (c) and 26( 1 ) (e) were construed
in accordance with subsection (2) (a) ( i) and (ii) above ;
and
( b) any entitlement of the landlord to resume land com-
prised in the holding by virtue of a stipulation in the
lease, and any notice already given in pursuance of
such a stipulation which would not be or would not
have been effective if the stipulation were construed in
accordance with subsection (2) (b) above.
( 4) The tenant's compensation shall be reduced by an amount
equal to any payment which the acquiring authority are liable
to make to him, in respect of the acquisition or taking of posses-
sion in question, under section 12 of the Agriculture (Miscel- 1968 c. 34.
laneous Provisions) Act 1968 (additional payments by acquiring
authority in circumstances described in subsection ( 1) ( b) above) .
1683
1684 PART IV
Compensation
in respect of
crofts, etc.
1955 с. 21 .
c . 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
( 5) If the tenant's compensation as determined in accordance
with subsections (3) and (4 ) above is less than it would have been
if those subsections had not been enacted, it shall be increased by
the amount of the deficiency.
( 6) This section shall not apply to an agricultural holding
which is a croft or the holding of a landholder or a statutory
small tenant.
45.- ( 1 ) This section has effect where in pursuance of any
enactment providing for the acquisition or taking of possession
of land compulsorily an acquiring authority-
( a) acquire the interest of the landlord in an agricultural
holding which is a croft ; or
( b ) take possession of a croft.
( 2) In assessing the compensation payable by the acquiring
authority to the landlord of a croft in connection with any such
acquisition of an interest as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (a)
above-
( a) there shall be disregarded any right of the landlord to
apply to the Scottish Land Court under section 12 of
the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 for authority to resume
the croft and any such authority already granted which
would not be or would not have been effective if in
that section the reference to resuming the croft did not
include a reference to its being resumed for the purpose
of its being required by the acquiring authority ; and
( b ) if the crofter has surrendered his croft under the said
section 12 by reason of an authority which is to be so
disregarded it shall be assumed that he has not done so.
( 3) In assessing the compensation payable by the acquiring
authority to the crofter in connection with any such taking of
possession of a croft as is mentioned in subsection (1)(b) above,
there shall be disregarded any right of the landlord to apply to
the Scottish Land Court under the said section 12 for authority to
resume the croft or any such authority already granted which
would not be or would not have been effective if the said section
12 were construed in accordance with subsection (2) (a) above.
( 4 ) If the compensation payable to the crofter as determined in
accordance with subsection ( 3) above is less than it would have
been if that subsection had not been enacted, it shall be increased
by the amount of the deficiency.
( 5 ) This section shall apply to part of a croft as it applies to
an entire croft.
( 6 ) This section shall apply to the holding or part of the holding
of a landholder as it applies to a croft or part of a croft except
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
that for any reference to a croft, crofter or section 12 of the PART IV
Crofters ( Scotland) Act 1955 there shall be substituted respectively 1955 c. 21 .
a reference to a holding, landholder or section 2 of the Crofters 1886 c. 29 .
Holdings (Scotland ) Act 1886.
( 7 ) This section shall apply to the holding or part of the holding
of a statutory small tenant as it applies to a croft or part of a
croft except that-
( a) for any reference to a croft, crofter or section 12 of the
Crofters (Scotland ) Act 1955 there shall be substituted
respectively a reference to a holding, statutory small
tenant or section 32(15) of the Small Landholders 1911 с. 49.
( Scotland) Act 1911 ;
( b) in subsection (2) (b), for the words " crofter has surrend-
ered his croft under the said section 12" there shall be
substituted the words " landlord has resumed the
holding under the said section 32( 15) " ;
( c) after subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" ( 3A ) The compensation payable to the statutory
small tenant shall be reduced by an amount equal
to any payment which the acquiring authority are
liable to make to him, in respect of the taking of
possession in question, under section 12 of the
Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 1968 с. 34.
( additional payments by acquiring authority in
circumstances described in subsection (1) ( b)
above) . " ;
( d ) in subsection ( 4), for the words " subsection (3) " there
shall be substituted the words " subsections (3) and
( 3A ) ".
1685
46.- ( 1 ) The amount of compensation payable in respect of Compensation
the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land shall not be where
subject to any reduction on account of the fact that the acquiring occupier is
rehoused.
authority have provided, or undertake to provide or arrange for
the provision of, or another authority will provide, residential
accommodation under any enactment for the person entitled to
the compensation.
( 2) In assessing the compensation payable in respect of the
compulsory acquisition of an interest in land which on the date
of service of the notice to treat is subject to a tenancy, there shall
be left out of account any part of the value of that interest which
is attributable to, or to the prospect of , the tenant giving up
possession after that date in consequence of being provided with
1686 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
1972 с. 52.
Compensation
where land is
in area
designated as
site of new
town for
purpose of
public
development. 1968 с. 16.
1963 с. 51 .
other accommodation by virtue of section 36( 1)(a) above ; and
for the purpose of determining the date by reference to which
that compensation is to be assessed the acquiring authority shall
be deemed, where the tenant gives up possession as aforesaid, to
have taken possession on the date on which it is given up by the
tenant.
(3) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall apply in relation to any payment
to which a person is entitled under Part III of this Act as it
applies in relation to the compensation mentioned in that sub-
section taking references to the acquiring authority as references
to the authority responsible for making that payment.
( 4 ) Subsection (2) above shall apply in relation to a case
where a notice to treat is deemed to have been served by virtue
of Schedule 24 to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland)
Act 1972 (general vesting declarations) as it applies in relation
to a case where a notice to treat is actually served.
47.-( 1 ) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an
order under section 1 of the New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968
designating any area as-
(a) the site of new town ; or
(b) an extension of the site of a new town,
and the purpose or main purpose, or one of the main purposes ,
for which the order is proposed to be made is the provision of
housing or other facilities required in connection with or in
consequence of the carrying out of any public development, he
may, before making the order, give a direction specifying that
development for the purposes of this section in relation to that
area .
(2) Where the area mentioned in paragraph 3 or 3A in the
first column of Schedule 1 to the Land Compensation (Scotland)
Act 1963 (cases where land acquired forms part of site of new
town or extension of site of new town ) is an area to which a
direction under this section relates, then, in the circumstances
described in that paragraph-
(a) the increase or diminution in value to be left out of
account by virtue of section 13 of that Act (compensa-
tion to be assessed without regard to development
attributable to designation of new town) or any rule of
law relating to the assessment of compensation in
respect of compulsory acquisition ; and
( b) the increase in value to be taken into account by virtue
of section 14 of that Act (reduction of compensation
where other land benefited by such development),
shall respectively include any increase or diminution in value,
and any increase in value, which is attributable to the carrying
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1687
out or the prospect of the public development specified in the PART IV
direction.
( 3) No direction shall be given under this section in relation to
any area until the Secretary of State has prepared a draft of
the order under section 1 of the said Act of 1968 in respect of
that area and has published the notice required by paragraph 2
of Schedule 1 to that Act.
( 4 ) Any direction under this section shall be given by order ;
and any order containing such a direction may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order.
( 5) The power to make orders under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 6 ) In this section " public development " means development
( whether or not in the area designated under section 1 of the
said Act of 1968) in the exercise of statutory powers by-
(a) a government department ;
( b) any statutory undertakers within the meaning of the
Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or 1972 с. 52.
any body deemed by virtue of any enactment to be
statutory undertakers for the purposes of, or of any
provision of, that Act ; or
( c) without prejudice to paragraph (b) above, any body
having power to borrow money with the consent of a
Minister,
and includes such development which has already been carried
out when the direction in respect of it is given as well as such
development which is then proposed.
Advance payment of compensation
48.-( 1 ) Where an acquiring authority have taken possession Right to
of any land the authority shall, if a request in that behalf is made advance pay-
in accordance with subsection ( 2) below, make an advance pay- ment of
ment on account of any compensation payable by them for the compensation.
compulsory acquisition of any interest in that land.
(2) Any request under this section shall be made by the person
entitled to the compensation (hereafter referred to as "the
claimant ") , shall be in writing, shall give particulars of the
claimant's interest in the land (so far as not already given
pursuant to a notice to treat ) and shall be accompanied or
supplemented by such other particulars as the acquiring authority
may reasonably require to enable them to estimate the amount
of the compensation in respect of which the advance payment
is to be made.
1688 c.56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV ( 3) Subject to subsection ( 6) below, the amount of any advance
payment under this section shall be equal to 90 per cent. of the
following amount, that is to say-
( a) if the acquiring authority and the claimant have agreed
on the amount of the compensation, the agreed
amount ;
( b ) in any other case, an amount equal to the compen-
sation as estimated by the acquiring authority.
( 4 ) Any advance payment under this section shall be made
not later than three months after the date on which a request
for the payment is made in accordance with subsection (2) above
or, if those three months end before the date on which the
acquiring authority take possession of the land to which the
compensation relates, on the date on which they take possession
as aforesaid.
(5) Where an advance payment is made on the basis of an
estimate under subsection (3)(b) above and the amount of that
payment exceeds the compensation as finally determined or
agreed, the excess shall be repaid ; and if after an advance pay-
ment has been made to any person it is discovered that he was
not entitled to it the amount of the payment shall be recoverable
by the acquiring authority.
( 6 ) No advance payment shall be made on account of com-
pensation payable in respect of any land which is subject to a
heritable security the principal of which exceeds 90 per cent. of
the amount mentioned in subsection (3) above ; and where the
land is subject to a heritable security the principal of which
does not exceed 90 per cent . of that amount, the advance
payment shall be reduced by such sum as the acquiring authority
consider will be required by them for securing the release of
the interest of the heritable creditor.
( 7 ) Where an acquiring authority make an advance payment
under this section on account of compensation in respect of any
interest in land, the authority shall cause notice of that fact ,
specifying particulars of the payment, the compensation and the
interest in land to which it relates, to be recorded in the Register
of Sasines and shall send a copy of the notice to the local
planning authority.
(8) Where after particulars of the advance payment made to
any claimant have been recorded as aforesaid the claimant
disposes of the interest in the land to, or creates an interest in
the land in favour of, a person other than the acquiring authority,
the amount of the advance payment shall be set off against any
sum payable by the authority to that other person in respect of
the compulsory acquisition of the interest disposed of or the
compulsory acquisition or release of the interest created.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
(9) Where an advance payment has been made under this PART IV
section on account of any compensation-
( a ) section 75 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland) 1845 с. 19 .
Act 1845 (refusal of owner to convey on tender of
compensation ) shall have effect as if references to the
compensation were references to the balance thereof
remaining unpaid; and
( b ) no bond under section 84 of the said Act of 1845
( interest on compensation where possession is taken
before payment) shall require the acquiring authority
to pay interest, in respect of any time after the date of
the advance payment, on so much of the compensation
as corresponds to that payment.
(10) This section shall apply to compensation for the compul-
sory acquisition of a right in or over land as it applies to
compensation for the compulsory acquisition of an interest in
land, and shall so apply with the necessary modifications and
as if references to taking possession of the land were references
to first entering it for the purpose of exercising the right.
1689
Severance of land
49.- ( 1 ) Where an acquiring authority serve notice to treat in Notice to
respect of any agricultural land on a person ( whether in occupa-treatof
treat in respect
tion or not ) having a greater interest in the land than as tenant agricultural
for a year or from year to year, and that person has such an land.
interest in other agricultural land comprised in the same agricul-
tural unit as that to which the notice relates, the person on whom
the notice is served (hereafter referred to as " the claimant ") may,
within the period of two months beginning with the date of
service of the notice to treat, serve on the acquiring authority a
counter-notice-
( a ) claiming that the other land is not reasonably capable
of being farmed, either by itself or in conjunction with
other relevant land, as a separate agricultural unit ;
and
( b) requiring the acquiring authority to purchase his interest
in the whole of the other land .
(2 ) Where a counter-notice is served under subsection ( 1)
above the claimant shall also, within the period mentioned in
that subsection, serve a copy thereof on any other person who
has an interest in the land to which the requirement in the
counter -notice relates, but failure to comply with this subsection
shall not invalidate the counter-notice.
1690 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
1972 с. 52.
1845 с. 19.
Effect of
counter-notice
under section
49 .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, " other relevant land "
in subsection (1) above means-
( a) land comprised in the same agricultural unit as the
land to which the notice to treat relates, being land in
which the claimant does not have such an interest as is
mentioned in that subsection ; and
( b) land comprised in any other agricultural unit occu-
pied by him on the date of service of the notice to treat ,
being land in respect of which he is then entitled to a
greater interest than as tenant for a year or from year
to year.
( 4) Where an acquiring authority have served a notice to
treat in respect of any of the other agricultural land mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above or in respect of other relevant land as
defined in subsection (3) above, then, unless and until that notice
to treat is withdrawn, this section and section 50 below shall
have effect as if that land did not form part of that other agricul-
tural land or did not constitute other relevant land, as the case
may be.
(5 ) This section shall have effect in relation to a case where
a notice to treat is deemed to have been served by virtue of
any of the provisions of sections 169 to 177 of the Town and
Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 ( purchase notices) or
Schedule 24 to the said Act of 1972 (general vesting declarations)
as it has effect in relation to a case where a notice to treat is
actually served, and section 50 below shall have effect
accordingly.
( 6) This section is without prejudice to the rights conferred by
sections 91 and 92 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)
Act 1845 (provisions as to divided land) .
50.- (1 ) If the acquiring authority do not within the period
of two months beginning with the date of service of a counter-
notice under section 49 above agree in writing to accept the
counter-notice as valid, the claimant or the authority may,
within two months after the end of that period, refer it to
the Lands Tribunal ; and on any such reference the Tribunal
shall determine whether the claim in the counter-notice is justified
and declare the counter-notice valid or invalid in accordance
with its determination of that question.
(2) Where a counter-notice is accepted as, or declared to be,
valid under subsection ( 1) above the acquiring authority shall
be deemed-
(a ) to be authorised to acquire compulsorily, under the
enactment by virtue of which they are empowered to
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1691
acquire the land in respect of which the notice to
treat was served, the claimant's interest in the land
to which the requirement in the counter- notice relates ;
and
(b) to have served a notice to treat in respect of that land
on the date on which the first -mentioned notice to treat
was served.
PART IV
(3) A claimant may withdraw a counter-notice at any time
before the compensation payable in respect of a compulsory
acquisition in pursuance of the counter-notice has been deter-
mined by the Lands Tribunal or at any time before the end of
six weeks beginning with the date on which the compensation
is so determined ; and where a counter-notice is withdrawn by
virtue of this subsection any notice to treat deemed to have been
served in consequence thereof shall be deemed to have been
withdrawn.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, the power con-
ferred by section 39 of the Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1963 c. 51
1963 to withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exerciseable in the
case of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by
virtue of this section.
( 5) The compensation payable in respect of the acquisition
of an interest in land in pursuance of a notice to treat deemed
to have been served by virtue of this section shall be assessed
on the assumptions mentioned in section 5(2), (3) and ( 4)
above.
(6) Where by virtue of this section the acquiring authority
become, or will become, entitled to a lease of any land but not
to the interest of the lessor-
( a) the authority shall offer to renounce the lease to the
lessor on such terms as the authority consider reason-
able ;
( b) the question of what terms are reasonable may be
referred to the Lands Tribunal by the authority or the
lessor and, if at the expiration of three months after the
date of the offer mentioned in paragraph (a) above, the
authority and the lessor have not agreed on that ques-
tion and that question has not been referred to the
Tribunal by the lessor, it shall be so referred by the
authority ;
(c ) if that question is referred to the Tribunal the lessor shall
be deemed to have accepted the renunciation of the
lease at the expiration of one month after the date of
the determination of the Tribunal or on such other date
1692 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
1845 с. 19.
as the Tribunal may direct and to have agreed with the
authority on the terms of renunciation which the
Tribunal has held to be reasonable.
For the purposes of this subsection any terms as to renuncia-
tioncontained in the lease shall be disregarded.
( 7) Where the lessor refuses to accept any sum payable to
him by virtue of subsection ( 6) above, or refuses or fails to make
out his title to the satisfaction of the acquiring authority, they
may pay into the Bank within the meaning of section 3 of
the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 any sum
payable to the lessor by virtue of that subsection ; and the
following provisions of the said Act of 1845 shall apply to that
sum with the necessary modifications-
( a ) section 75 so far as it relates to the opening of an
account ,
(b) section 76 so far as it relates to the giving of a receipt ,
(c ) section 77,
( d ) section 79.
(8) Where an acquiring authority who become entitled to the
lease of any land as mentioned in subsection (6) above are a
body incorporated by or under any enactment the corporate
powers of the authority shall, if they would not otherwise do
so, include power to farm that land.
Notice of
51.-( 1) Where an acquiring authority serve notice of entry
entry in respect
under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land
ofpart of
( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 or paragraph 8 of
agricultural holding.
Schedule 24 to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act
1947 с. 42.
1972 on the person in occupation of an agricultural holding,
1972 с. 52.
being a person having no greater interest therein than as tenant
for a year or from year to year, and the notice relates to part
only of that holding, the person on whom the notice is served
( hereafter referred to as 66
the claimant ") may, within the period
of two months beginning with the date of service of the notice
of entry, serve on the acquiring authority a counter- notice-
( a) claiming that the remainder of the holding is not
reasonably capable of being farmed, either by itself or
in conjunction with other relevant land, as a separate
agricultural unit ; and
(b) electing to treat the notice of entry as a notice relating
to the entire holding.
( 2 ) Where a counter-notice is served under subsection ( 1)
above the claimant shall also, within the period mentioned in
that subsection, serve a copy thereof on the landlord of the
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1693
holding, but failure to comply with this subsection shall not
invalidate the counter- notice.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, " other relevant land "
in subsection ( 1) above means-
( a ) land comprised in the same agricultural unit as the agri-
cultural holding ; and
(b) land comprised in any other agricultural unit occupied
by the claimant on the date of service of the notice of
entry, being land in respect of which he is then entitled
to a greater interest than as tenant for a year or from
year to year.
( 4) Where an acquiring authority have served a notice to
treat in respect of land in the agricultural holding other than
that to which the notice of entry relates or in respect of other
relevant land as defined in subsection (3) above, then, unless and
until that notice to treat is withdrawn, this section and section 52
below shall have effect as if that land did not form part of the
holding or did not constitute other relevant land, as the case
may be.
PART IV
52.-( 1 ) If the acquiring authority do not within the period Effect of
of two months beginning with the date of service of a counter- counter-notice
notice under section 51 above agree in writing to accept the
under section
counter-notice as valid, the claimant or the authority may, within
51.
two months after the end of that period, refer it to the Lands
Tribunal ; and on any such reference the Tribunal shall deter-
mine whether the claim in the counter-notice is justified and
declare the counter-notice valid or invalid in accordance with
its determination of that question .
(2) Where a counter-notice is accepted as, or declared to be,
valid under subsection ( 1) above then, if before the end of
twelve months after it has been so accepted or declared the
claimant has given up possession of every part of the agricultural
holding to the acquiring authority-
( a ) the notice of entry shall be deemed to have extended
to the part of the holding to which it did not relate ;
and
( b) the acquiring authority shall be deemed to have taken
possession of that part in pursuance of that notice on
the day before the expiration of the year of the tenancy
which is current when the counter-notice is so accepted
or declared.
1694 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
1949 с. 75.
( 3) Where the claimant gives up possession of an agricul-
tural holding to the acquiring authority as aforesaid but the
authority have not been authorised to acquire the landlord's
interest in, or in any of, the part of the holding to which the
notice of entry did not relate ( " the land not subject to com-
pulsory purchase ")-
( a ) neither the claimant nor the authority shall be under
any liability to the landlord by reason of the claimant
giving up possession of the land not subject to compul-
sory purchase or the authority taking or being in
possession of it ;
( b) immediately after the date on which the authority take
possession of the land not subject to compulsory pur-
chase they shall give up to the landlord, and he shall
take, possession of that land ;
( c) the tenancy shall be treated as terminated on the date
on which the claimant gives up possession of the
holding to the acquiring authority or (if he gives up
possession of different parts at different times) gives
up possession as aforesaid of the last part, but without
prejudice to any rights or liabilities of the landlord
or the claimant which have accrued before that date ;
(d ) any rights of the claimant against, or liabilities of the
claimant to, the landlord which arise on or out of the
termination of the tenancy by virtue of paragraph (c)
above (whether under the lease, the Agricultural Hold-
ings (Scotland) Act 1949, the Crofters (Scotland ) Acts
1955 and 1961, the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts
1886 to 1931 or otherwise) shall be rights and liabilities
of the authority, and any question as to the payment
to be made in respect of any such right or liability shall
be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal ;
(e) any increase in the value of the land not subject to
compulsory purchase which is attributable to the land-
lord's taking possession of it under paragraph (b) above
shall be deducted from the compensation payable in
respect of the acquisition of his interest in the
remainder of the holding.
( 4) Where a tenancy is terminated by virtue of subsection
(3) ( c) above, section 59 ( 1 ) of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland)
Act 1949 ( landlord's right to compensation for deterioration of
holding) shall have effect as if the said section 59( 1) required
the landlord's notice of intention to claim compensation to be
served on the acquiring authority and to be so served within
three months after the termination of the tenancy.
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 56
1695
53.-( 1 ) Before taking possession of part only of an agricul-
PART IV
tural holding under section 84 or 114 of the Lands Clauses Other
Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1845 (alternative procedures for procedures
taking possession of land ) the acquiring authority shall serve for taking
notice of their intention to do so on the person in occupation of possession of
part of
the holding, and sections 51 and 52 above shall have effect, agricultural
subject to any necessary modifications, as if possession were holding.
being obtained pursuant to a notice of entry under paragraph 3 1845 c. 19.
of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Proce- 1947 c. 42.
dure) (Scotland ) Act 1947.
( 2 ) Sections 51 and 52 above shall have effect, subject to any
necessary modifications, in relation to a notice of entry under
paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 c. 16.
1968 (provisions applicable to compulsory acquisitions under
that Act ) as they have effect in relation to a notice of entry
under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947.
(3) Sections 51 and 52( 1) and (2) above shall have effect,
subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to a notice
under section 114 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1966 ( disposses- 1966 c. 49.
sion of tenant where local authority have agreed to purchase or
have appropriated land for purposes of Part VII of that Act)
as they have effect in relation to a notice of entry under para-
graph 3 of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1947.
54.-( 1) In determining under paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to Determination
the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland ) Act of material
detriment
1947 or section 191 ( 2) of , or paragraph 26 of Schedule 24 to , where part of
the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 whether house etc.
(a ) part of a house, building or manufactory can be taken proposed for
without material detriment or damage to the house, compulsory
acquisition.
building or manufactory ; or
1972 с. 52.
(b) part of a park or garden belonging to a house can be
taken without seriously affecting the amenity or con-
venience of the house,
the Lands Tribunal shall take into account not only the effect
of the severance but also the use to be made of the part
proposed to be acquired and, in a case where the part is pro-
posed to be acquired for works or other purposes extending to
other land, the effect of the whole of the works and the use
to be made of the other land.
(2) Subsection ( 1) above shall apply with the necessary modifi-
cations to any determination-
(a) under the said paragraph 4 as substituted by paragraph
24 of Schedule 2 to the Gas Act 1972 (compulsory 1972 с. 60.
acquisition of rights over land) ; or
1696 PART IV
Notice to
quit
agricultural
holding: right
to opt for
notice of
entry compensation.
1949 с. 75.
1845 с. 19.
1968 с. 34.
1947 с. 42.
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
( b) under any provision corresponding to or substituted for
the said paragraph 4 which is contained in, or in an
instrument made under, any other enactment including
(except where otherwise provided) an enactment passed
after 23rd May 1973 .
Miscellaneous
55.-( 1 ) This section has effect where the person in oссира-
tion of an agricultural holding, being a person having no greater
interest therein than as tenant for a year or from year to year,
is served with a notice to quit the holding, and-
( a ) the notice is served after an acquiring authority have
served notice to treat on the landlord of the holding or,
being an authority possessing compulsory purchase
powers, have agreed to acquire his interest in the
holding ; and
( b ) either-
(i) subsection ( 1) of section 25 of the Agricultural
Holdings ( Scotland ) Act 1949 does not apply to the
notice by virtue of subsection (2)(c) of that section
( land required for non-agricultural use for which
planning permision has been granted, etc.) ; or
(ii) the Scottish Land Court have consented to the
operation of the notice and stated in the reasons for
their decision that they are satisfied as to the matter
mentioned in section 26( 1) (e) of that Act (land
required for non-agricultural use not falling within
section 25(2) (c) ) .
( 2 ) If the person served with the notice to quit elects that
this subsection shall apply to the notice and gives up possession
of the holding to the acquiring authority on or before the date
on which his tenancy terminates in accordance with the notice-
(a ) section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scot-
land ) Act 1845 ( compensation for tenants from year to
year, etc.) and section 12 of the Agriculture ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act 1968 shall have effect as if the
notice to quit had not been served and the acquiring
authority had taken possession of the holding in pur-
suance of a notice of entry under paragraph 3 of
Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation
Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 on the day before that
on which the tenancy terminates in accordance with the
notice to quit ; and
( b) the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland )
Act 1949 relating to compensation to a tenant on the
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c . 56
termination of his tenancy and sections 9 and 15( 3) of
PART IV
the Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 1968 с. 34.
( additional payment and compensation in cases of
notice to quit) shall not have effect in relation to the
termination of the tenancy by reason of the notice to
quit.
(3) No election under subsection (2) above shall be made or,
if already made, continue to have effect in relation to any
land ( whether the whole or part of the land to which the notice
to quit relates ) if, before the expiration of that notice, an acquir-
ing authority take possession of that land in pursuance of an
enactment providing for the taking of possession of land
compulsorily.
( 4 ) Any election under subsection ( 2) above shall be made
by notice in writing served on the acquiring authority not later
than the date on which possession of the holding is given up.
(5 ) This section shall have effect in relation to a notice to
quit part of an agricultural holding as it has effect in relation
to a notice to quit an entire holding and references to a holding
and the termination of the tenancy shall be construed
accordingly.
(6) A person served with a notice to quit part of an agricul-
tural holding shall not be entitled, in relation to that notice, both
to make an election under this section and to give a counter-
1949.75.
notice under section 33 of the Agricultural Holdings ( Scotland)
Act 1949 (tenant's right to treat notice to quit part of holding
as notice to quit entire holding) .
( 7) The reference in subsection ( 1)( a ) above to a notice to
treat served by an acquiring authority includes a reference to a
notice to treat deemed to have been so served under any of the
provisions mentioned in section 49(5) above.
(8) This section and section 57 below shall have effect in
relation to a notice given in pursuance of a stipulation in a
lease entitling the landlord to resume land for building, planting,
feuing or other purposes (not being agricultural purposes) as it
has effect in relation to a notice to quit as if , in this section,
subsections ( 1 ) (b) and (6) were omitted; and references in this
section to the termination of the tenancy shall be construed
accordingly.
( 9) This section shall not apply where the person in ocсира-
tion of an agricultural holding is a crofter, landholder or statutory
small tenant.
Part II 2H
1697
1698 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
Requirement to surrender
croft, etc.:
righttoopt
for notice of
entry compensation.
1955 с. 21 .
1845 с. 19.
1947 с. 42.
56.- (1) This section has effect where-
( a) the person in occupation of an agricultural holding is
a crofter and is required by an order of the Scottish
Land Court under section 12 of the Crofters ( Scotland )
Act 1955 to surrender his croft ; and
(b ) the crofter is so required-
( i ) after an acquiring authority have served notice
to treat on the landlord of the croft or, being an
authority possessing compulsory purchase powers,
have agreed to acquire his interest in the croft, and
(ii) where the Court have been satisfied under the
said section 12 that the landlord desires to resume
the croft for a reasonable purpose which is a purpose
other than an agricultural purpose.
( 2 ) If the crofter required by such an order to surrender his
croft elects that this subsection shall apply to the order and gives
up possession of the croft to the acquiring authority on or before
the date on which the croft is required to be surrendered in
accordance with the order-
( a ) section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scot-
land ) Act 1845 (compensation for tenants from year to
year, etc.) shall have effect as if the crofter had not been
so required to surrender his croft and the acquiring
authority had taken possession of the croft in pursuance
of a notice of entry under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to
the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure)
( Scotland) Act 1947 on the day before that on which
the croft is required to be surrendered in accordance
with the order ; and
( b) any provision of an order under section 12 of the Crofters
( Scotland ) Act 1955 relating to the compensation to a
crofter shall not have effect in relation to the surrender
of the croft by reason of the order.
(3) No election under subsection (2) above shall be made or,
if already made, continue to have effect in relation to any land
to which such an order relates if, before the date on which the
croft is required to be surrendered in accordance with the order,
an acquiring authority take possession of that land in pursuance
of an enactment providing for the taking of possession of land
compulsorily.
( 4 ) Any election under subsection (2 ) above shall be made by
notice in writing served on the acquiring authority not later
than the date on which possession of the croft is given up.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
( 5 ) This section shall have effect in relation to an order to PART IV
surrender part of a croft as it has effect in relation to an order
to surrender an entire croft and references to a croft shall be
construed accordingly.
( 6 ) The reference in subsection (1)( b) ( i ) above to a notice to
treat served by an acquiring authority includes a reference to a
notice to treat deemed to have been so served under any of the
provisions mentioned in section 49(5) above.
( 7 ) This section shall apply to a landholder as it applies to a
crofter except that for any reference to a croft, crofter or
section 12 of the Crofters ( Scotland) Act 1955 there shall be 1955 c. 21 .
substituted respectively a reference to a holding, landholder or
section 2 of the Crofters Holdings ( Scotland ) Act 1886.
1886 с. 29.
( 8) This section shall apply to a statutory small tenant subject
to the modifications set out in Part I of Schedule 1 to this Act ;
and in accordance with this subsection this section shall have
effect in relation to a statutory small tenant as set out in Part II
of that Schedule.
1699
57.-(1 ) Where a notice to quit in respect of which a personNotice to quit
is entitled to make an election under section 55 above relates part of
to part only of an agricultural holding and that person makes agricultural holding : right
such an election within the period of two months beginning to claim
with the date of service of that notice, or, if later, the decision notice of entry
of the Scottish Land Court, he may also within that period serve compensation
a notice on the acquiring authority claiming that the remainder for remainder
ofholding.
of the holding is not reasonably capable of being farmed, either
by itself or in conjunction with other relevant land, as a separate
agricultural unit .
( 2 ) If the acquiring authority do not within the period of two
months beginning with the date of service of a notice under
subsection ( 1) above agree in writing to accept the notice as
valid, the claimant or the authority may, within two months
after the end of that period, refer it to the Lands Tribunal, and
on any such reference the Tribunal shall determine whether the
claim in the notice is justified and declare the notice valid or
invalid in accordance with its determination of that question.
(3) Where a notice under subsection (1) above is accepted as,
or declared to be, valid under subsection (2) above then, if before
the end of twelve months after it has been so accepted or
declared the claimant has given up to the acquiring authority
possession of the part of the holding to which the notice relates,
section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland ) Act 1845 c. 19.
1845 and section 12 of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provi- 1968 с. 34.
sions) Act 1968 shall have effect as if the acquiring authority had
1700 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PART IV
1947 с. 42.
taken possession of that part in pursuance of a notice of entry
under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 on the day before
the expiration of the year of the tenancy which is current when
the notice is so accepted or declared.
( 4 ) Subsections ( 2 ) to ( 4 ) of section 51 and subsection ( 3) of
section 52 above shall apply in relation to subsections (1) to (3)
above and to a notice under subsection (1) above as they apply
in relation to those sections and a counter-notice under sub-
section ( 1) of section 51, and shall so apply with the necessary
modifications and as if any reference to the notice of entry were
a reference to the notice to quit.
( 5 ) Where an election under section 55 above ceases to
have effect in relation to any land by virtue of subsection ( 3)
of that section any notice served by virtue of this section shall
also cease to have effect in relation thereto.
Requirement
58.-(1 ) Where an order of the Scottish Land Court in respect
to surrender
part of croft,
of which a person is entitled to make an election under section
etc.: right to
56 above relates to part only of a croft or holding and that person
claim notice
makes such an election within the period of two months begin-
ofentry
ning with the date of the making of the order, he may also within
compensation that period serve a notice on the acquring authority claiming
for remainder.
that the remainder of the croft or holding is not reasonably
capable of being farmed, either by itself or in conjunction with
other relevant land, as a separate agricultural unit.
( 2) If the acquiring authority do not within the period of
two months beginning with the date of service of a notice
under subsection (1) above agree in writing to accept the notice as
valid, the claimant or the authority may, within two months
after the end of that period, refer it to the Lands Tribunal,
and on any such reference the Tribunal shall determine whether
the claim in the notice is justified and declare the notice valid or
invalid in accordance with its determination of that question.
( 3) Where a notice under subsection ( 1 ) above is accepted
as, or declared to be valid under subsection ( 2) above then,
if before the end of twelve months after it has been so accepted
or declared the claimant has given up to the acquiring authority
possession of the part of the croft or holding to which the
1845 с. 19.
notice relates, section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation
( Scotland) Act 1845 shall have effect as if the acquiring authority
had taken possession of that part in pursuance of a notice of
entry under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the Acquisition of
Land ( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 on the day
before the expiration of the year of the tenancy which is current
when the notice is so accepted or declared.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1701
( 4 ) Subsections ( 2) to ( 4) of section 51 and subsection ( 3) of
section 52 above shall apply in relation to subsections ( 1 ) to ( 3)
above and to a notice under subsection (1) above as they apply
in relation to those sections and a counter-notice under subsection
(1) of section 51, and shall so apply with the necessary modifica-
tions and as if in section 51(3)(b) for the words " service of the
notice of entry " and in section 52(3) for the words " the notice
of entry " there were substituted the words " the order of the
Scottish Land Court ".
PART IV
( 5) Where an election under section 56 above ceases to have
effect in relation to any land by virtue of subsection (3) of that
section any notice served by virtue of this section shall cease
to have effect in relation thereto.
( 6 ) Subsection (3) above shall apply in the case of the holding
of a statutory small tenant as if after the word " 1845 " there
were inserted the words " and section 12 of the Agriculture 1968 c. 34.
( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 " .
59. Compensation under section 6 of the Railways Clauses Interest on
Consolidation ( Scotland) Act 1845 ( compensation for injurious compensation
affection where no land taken) shall carry interest, at the rate for injurious affection where
for the time being prescribed under section 40 of the Land no landtaken.
Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1963, from the date of the claim 1845 c. 33.
until payment. 1963 с. 51 .
60. In paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Extension of
Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland ) Act 1947 ( which grounds for challenging
enables an aggrieved person to challenge the validity of a com- validity of
pulsory purchase order on the ground that certain requirements compulsory
have not been complied with) references to those requirements purchase order.
shall include references to any requirements of the Tribunals and 1947 с. 42.
Inquiries Act 1971 or of any rules made, or having effect as if 1971 c. 62.
made, under that Act.
61. At the end of section 6 of the Railways Clauses Con- Construction
solidation (Scotland ) Act 1845 ( construction of railway to be ofsection 6 of
subject to that Act and Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland ) Railways
Act 1845) there shall be added the following subsection- Clauses
Consolidation
" ( 2 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared 1845.
( Scotland ) Act
that in this section the reference to the construction of the
railway includes a reference to the execution of works in
1845 с. 19.connection therewith."
1702 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART IV
Amendment
of section 35
of Roads
( Scotland )
Act 1970.
1970 с. 20.
1845 с. 19.
1845 с. 33.
1923 с. 20.
Provisions
relating to
acquisition of
new rights.
1947 с. 42.
62. Section 35 of the Roads ( Scotland ) Act 1970 ( general
provisions as to acquisition of land ) shall have effect as if-
( a ) after subsection (1) there were inserted the following
subsection-
" (1A ) Any power to acquire land compulsorily
conferred by any of the said sections or by section 20
of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 shall
include power to acquire a servitude or other right
in or over land by the creation of a new right. " ;
( b) at the end there were added the following subsection-
" ( 5) Where under section 29, 30, 31, 32 or 33 of
this Act or section 20 of the Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973 a highway authority are autho-
rised to acquire land by agreement, the Lands
Clauses Acts ( except the provisions relating to the
purchase of land otherwise than by agreement and
the provisions relating to access to the special Act,
and except sections 120 to 125 of the Lands Clauses
Consolidation ( Scotland ) Act 1845) and sections 6
and 70 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation
( Scotland ) Act 1845, and sections 71 to 78 of that
Act, as originally enacted and not as amended for
certain purposes by section 15 of the Mines (Work-
ing Facilities and Support ) Act 1923, shall be incor-
porated with this Act, and in construing those Acts
for the purposes of this subsection this Act shall
be deemed to be the special Act, and the highway
authority to be the promoters of the undertaking
or company, as the case may require, and the word
' land ' shall have the meaning assigned to it by
section 50( 1 ) of this Act " .
63.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Lands
Clauses Consolidation (Scotland ) Act 1845 and the Acquisition
of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 shall
apply subject to any necessary modifications to the compulsory
acquisition under any enactment of a right in or over land by
the creation of a new right as they apply to the compulsory
acquisition of land under the enactment in question.
( 2) Section 61 of the said Act of 1845 (estimation of purchase
money and compensation ) shall apply to the compulsory acquisi-
tion of such a right as if for the words from " value " to " under-
taking " there were substituted the words " extent (if any) to
which the value of the land in or over which the right is to be
acquired is depreciated by the acquisition of the right ".
( 3) Paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1947 ( protec-
tion for vendor against severance of house, garden, etc.) shall
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1973 c. 56
apply to the compulsory acquisition of such a right as if at the end there were added the following sub-paragraph-
" ( 2) In considering the extent of any material detriment
to a house, building or manufactory or any extent to which
the amenity or convenience of a house is affected, the Lands
Tribunal for Scotland shall have regard not only to the right
which is to be acquired in or over the land, but also to any
adjoining or adjacent land belonging to the same owner
and subject to compulsory purchase. "
( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of any
enactment which makes specific provision to the like effect as
the provisions of this section.
1703
PART IV
PART V
PLANNING BLIGHT
Extension of classes of blighted land
64.- (1) In paragraph ( a ) of section 181( 1) of the Act of 1972 Land
( land indicated in astructure plan in force as land which may be affected by proposed
required for the purposes of functions of public authorities or as structure and
land which may be included in an action area) the reference to a local plans
structure plan in force shall include a reference to-
etc.( a ) a structure plan which has been submitted to the Secre-
tary of State under section 5 of that Act ;
( b ) proposals for alterations to a structure plan which have
been submitted to the Secretary of State under section 8
ofthat Act ;
( c ) modifications proposed to be made by the Secretary of
State in any such plan or proposals as are mentioned
in the preceding paragraphs, being modifications of
which he has given notice in accordance with regula-
tions under Part II of that Act.
( 2 ) In paragraph ( b) of the said section 181(1) (land allocated
for the purposes of functions of public authorities by a local plan
in force and land defined in such a plan as the site of proposed
development for the purposes of any such functions ) the reference
to a local plan in force shall include a reference to-
(a ) a local plan of which copies have been made available
for inspection under section 10( 2) of the Act of 1972 ;
(b) proposals for alterations to a local plan of which copies
have been made available for inspection under section
13(2 ) of that Act;
PartII 2H2
1704 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTV 1959 с. 70. ( c ) modifications proposed to be made by the local planning
authority or the Secretary of State in any such plan or
proposals as are mentioned in the preceding paragraphs,
being modifications of which notice has been given by
the authority or the Secretary of State in accordance
with regulations under Part II of that Act.
( 3) In section 38(1)(b) of the Town and Country Planning
( Scotland) Act 1959 as it has effect by virtue of paragraph 49 of
Schedule 22 to the Act of 1972 (provisions corresponding to
section 181 ( 1 )( b) of the Act of 1972 pending coming into force
of local plans) the reference to a development plan shall include
a reference to-
( a ) proposals for alterations to a development plan sub-
mitted to the Secretary of State under paragraph 3 of
Schedule 3 to the Act of 1972 ;
( b) modifications proposed to be made by the Secretary of
State in any such proposals, being modifications of
which notice has been given by the Secretary of State
by advertisement.
( 4) No blight notice shall be served by virtue of subsection
( 1 ) or (2) above at any time after the copies of the plan or
proposals made available for inspection have been withdrawn
under section 6( 6) or 10( 5) of the Act of 1972 ( directions by
Secretary of State requiring further publicity).
(5 ) No blight notice shall be served by virtue of this section
after the relevant plan or alterations have come into force
( whether in their original form or with modifications) or the
Secretary of State has decided to reject or, in the case of a local
plan, the local planning authority have decided to abandon the
plan or alterations and notice of the decision has been given by
advertisement.
(6) Where an appropriate authority have served a counter-
notice objecting to a blight notice served by virtue of this
section, then, if the relevant plan or alterations come into force
( whether in their original form or with modifications) the appro-
priate authority may serve on the claimant, in substitution for
the counter- notice already served, a further counter- notice
specifying different grounds of objection, and section 184 of
the Act of 1972 (reference of objections to Lands Tribunal)
shall have effect in relation to the further counter-notice as it
has effect in relation to the counter-notice already served :
Provided that a further counter-notice under this subsection
shall not be served-
(a) at any time after the end of the period of two months
beginning with the date on which the relevant plan or
alterations come into force ; or
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 56
1705
( b) if the objection in the counter-notice already served has
PART V
been withdrawn or the Lands Tribunal has already
determined whether or not to uphold that objection.
( 7) References in subsections ( 1) to ( 3) above to anything done
under any of the provisions there mentioned include references to
anything done under those provisions as they apply by virtue of
section 15 of , or paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to, the Act of 1972
( default powers of Secretary of State ) .
( 8) In this section references to alterations to a local plan
include references to its replacement, and references to altera-
tions to a development plan include references to additions to it.
(9) In relation to land falling within section 181 ( 1) (b) of the
Act of 1972 or section 38( 1) (b) of the Town and Country Plan- 1959 c. 70.
ning (Scotland ) Act 1959, as extended by this section, " the
appropriate enactment " for the purposes of sections 181 to 196
of the Act of 1972 shall be determined in accordance with
section 195 ( 2) of the Act of 1972 as if references therein to the
development plan were references to any such plan, proposals or
modifications as are mentioned in subsection (2)(a) , (b) or (c)
and subsection (3) (a) or (b) above.
65.- (1 ) In section 181 (1) (e) of the Act of 1972 (land on or Land
adjacent to line of road proposed to be constructed etc. as indi- affected by
cated in an order or scheme which has come into operation under proposed
the provisions of the Trunk Roads Act 1946 or Special Roads highways
Act 1949)— orders.
1946 с. 30.
( a) the reference to such an order or scheme which has 1949 с. 32 .
come into force as aforesaid shall include a reference
to an order or scheme proposed to be made or con-
firmed under section 1(2) of the Trunk Roads Act 1946,
section 1 , 3 or 14 of the Special Roads Act 1949 or
section 15 of the Roads ( Scotland) Act 1970 in respect 1970 с. 20.
of which a notice has been published under Schedule 2
to the said Act of 1946 or Schedule 1 to the said Act
of 1949 ; and
( b) for the reference to section 13 of the Restriction of 1935 c. 47.
Ribbon Development Act 1935 there shall be substi-
tuted a reference to sections 29 to 33 of the Roads
(Scotland) Act 1970 as read with, in addition to the
enactments specified in the said section 181 ( 1) (e),
section 15 of the said Act of 1970.
(2) No blight notice shall be served by virtue of this section
at any time after the relevant order or scheme has come into
operation ( whether in its original form or with modifications)
or the Secretary of State has decided not to confirm or make the
order or scheme.
Part II 2H3
1706 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTV
( 3) Subsection ( 6) of section 64 above shall have effect in
relation to a blight notice served by virtue of this section as it
has effect in relation to a blight notice served by virtue of that
section taking references to the relevant plan or alterations as
references to the relevant order or scheme.
Land
66.- ( 1 ) Section 181( 1) ( g) and (i ) of the Act of 1972 ( land in
affectedby proposed
respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in force where a
compulsory
notice to treat has not been served) shall apply also to land in
purchase
respect of which a compulsory purchase order has been sub-
orders.
mitted for confirmation to, or been prepared in draft by, a
Minister and in respect of which a notice has been published
1947 с. 42 .
under paragraph 3( 1) ( a) of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland) Act 1947 or under any
corresponding enactment applicable thereto .
( 2) No blight notice shall be served by virtue of this section at
any time after the relevant compulsory purchase order has come
into force (whether in its original form or with modifications) or
the Minister concerned has decided not to confirm or make the
order.
( 3) In relation to land falling within the said section 181( 1) ( g)
or (i ) by virtue of this section " the appropriate enactment " for
the purposes of sections 181 to 196 of the Act of 1972 shall be
the enactment which would provide for the compulsory acquisi-
tion of the land or of the rights in or over the land if the relevant
compulsory purchase order were confirmed or made.
Land
affectedby
resolution of
planning authority or
directions of
Secretary of
State.
67 .- (1) Section 181(1) of the Act of 1972 shall have effect
as if the land specified therein included land which-
( a ) is land indicated in a plan (not being a development
plan ) approved by a resolution passed by a local
planning authority for the purpose of the exercise of
their powers under Part III of that Act as land which
may be required for the purposes of any functions of
a government department, local authority or statutory
undertakers ; or
( b) is land in respect of which a local planning authority
have resolved to take action to safeguard it for develop-
ment for the purposes of any such functions or been
directed by the Secretary of State to restrict the grant
of planning permission in order to safeguard it for such
development .
( 2 ) Paragraph (a) of the said section 181( 1) shall not apply to
land within subsection ( 1 ) above.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
( 3 ) In relation to land falling within subsection (1) above
" the appropriate enactment " for the purposes of sections 181
to 196 of the Act of 1972 shall be determined in accordance with
section 195(2) of that Act as if references therein to the develop-
ment plan were references to the resolution or direction in
question.
PARTV
68.- (1) Section 181 ( 1) of the Act of 1972 shall have effect as Land
if the land specified therein included land which- affectedby
orders
( a ) is land within an area described as the site of a proposed relating to
new town in the draft of an order in respect of which a new towns.
notice has been published under paragraph 2 of
Schedule 1 to the New Towns ( Scotland ) Act 1968 ; or 1968 c. 16.
( b) is land within an area designated as the site of a pro-
posed new town by an order which has come into
operation under section 1 of the said Act of 1968.
( 2 ) No blight notice shall be served by virtue of subsection
(1)(a) above at any time after the order there mentioned has come
into operation ( whether in the form of the draft or with modifi-
cations ) or the Secretary of State has decided not to make the
order.
( 3) Until such time as a development corporation is estab-
lished for the new town, sections 181 to 196 of the Act of 1972
shall have effect in relation to land within subsection (1) above
as if " the appropriate authority " and the " appropriate enact-
ment " were the Secretary of State and subsection ( 4 ) below
respectively.
( 4 ) Until such time as aforesaid the Secretary of State shali
have power to acquire compulsorily any interest in land in pursu-
ance of a blight notice served by virtue of subsection (1) above ;
and where he acquires an interest as aforesaid, then-
( a ) if the land is or becomes land within subsection ( 1) (b)
above, the interest shall be transferred by him to the
development corporation established for the new town ;
and
( b ) in any other case, the interest may be disposed of by
him in such manner as he thinks fit.
( 5) The Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1963 shall have 1963 c. 51 .
effect in relation to the compensation payable in respect of the
acquisition of an interest by the Secretary of State under sub-
section ( 4) above as if the acquisition were by a development
corporation under the New Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968 and as
if , in the case of land within subsection ( 1) (a ) above, the land
formed part of an area designated as the site of a new town by
an order which has come into operation under section 1 of the
said Act of 1968 .
1707
1708 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PART V
Land
affectedby
housing
treatment
resolution.
1969 с. 34.
Land
affectedby
proposed
exercise of
powers under
section 20.
69.- (1) Section 181( 1) of the Act of 1972 shall have effect as if
the land specified therein included land which
( a ) is land within an area declared to be a housing treatment
area by a resolution under section 4 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969 where the resolution provides that
any of the buildings in that area are to be demolished ;
or
( b) is land surrounded by or adjoining an area declared as
aforesaid to be a housing treatment area, whether or
not the resolution provides that any of the buildings in
that area are to be demolished.
( 2) The grounds on which objection may be made in a counter-
notice to a blight notice served by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above
shall not include those specified in section 183(2) (b) or (c) of the
Act of 1972 (no intention to acquire the land) .
( 3) In relation to land within subsection ( 1) above " the appro-
priate enactment " for the purposes of sections 181 to 196 of the
Act of 1972 shall be section 5 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1969.
70.- (1) In section 181( 1) (e) of the Act of 1972-
( a) the reference to a power of compulsory acquisition con-
ferred by any of the provisions there mentioned shall
include a reference to the power of compulsory acquisi-
tion conferred by section 20( 1 ) above ;
(b) the reference to land required for purposes of construction,
improvement or alteration as indicated in an order or
scheme there mentioned shall include a reference to land
required for the purposes of the said section 20( 1) .
( 2) Section 181 ( 1 ) of the Act of 1972 shall have effect as if the
land specified therein included land which-
( a) is land shown on plans approved by a resolution of a local
highway authority as land proposed to be acquired by
them for the purposes of the said section 20( 1 ) ; or
(b) is land shown in a written notice given by the Secretary
of State to the local planning authority as land pro-
posed to be acquired by him for those purposes in
connection with a trunk road or special road which he
proposes to provide.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1709
71.- (1 ) Section 181(1) of the Act of 1972 (which sets out the
PARTV
classes of blighted land) shall apply to land in the case of which Land
there is in force a compulsory purchase order providing for the affected by
acquisition of a right in or over that land, and the appropriatecompulsory
authority have power to serve , but have not served, notice to treat purchase
orders
in respect of the right ; and the provisions of that Act mentioned providing
in subsections (2) to ( 4) below shall accordingly be amended infor acquisition
accordance with those subsections.
ofrights in
or over land.
( 2 ) In section 181-
( a) at the end of subsection (1) there shall be added the
following paragraph-
" (i ) is land in the case of which there is in force a
compulsory purchase order providing for the acquisi-
tion of a right in or over that land, and the appro-
priate authority have power to serve, but have not
served, notice to treat in respect of the right. " ;
(b) in subsection (6), for the word " (h) " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " (i) ".
( 3 ) In section 183-
(a ) after subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (3A ) Where the appropriate enactment confers
power to acquire a right in or over land, subsection
( 2) of this section shall have effect as if-
( a) in paragraph (b), after the word ' acquire
,
there were inserted the words ' or to acquire
any right in or over ' ;
(b) in paragraph (c), for the words ' do not pro-
pose to acquire ' there were substituted the
words ' propose neither to acquire nor to
acquire any right in or over ' ;
( c) in paragraph ( d ), after the words ' affected
area ' there were inserted the words ' or to
acquire any right in or over any part there-
of' ;
( b) in subsection (5), in paragraphs (a) and ( b) after the word
' acquire ' there shall be inserted the words ' or to
acquire any right in or over ' ".
( 4 ) At the end of section 195( 1) there shall be added the follow-
ing words " or, as respects the description contained in paragraph
(i ) of section 181( 1) of this Act, the enactment under which the
compulsory purchase order referred to in that paragraph was
made. ".
1710 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTV
Attempts to sell blighted property
Amended
72.-(1 ) In sections 182( 1)(d ) and 190(1)(c) of the Act of 1972
requirements ( which require a person serving a blight notice to have been
about
attempts to
unable to sell his interest except at a price lower than if the land
sell blighted
had not been blighted) for the words from " he has been unable
property.
to sell " onwards there shall be substituted the words " in
consequence of the fact that the hereditament or unit or a part
of it was, or was likely to be, comprised in land of any of the
specified descriptions, he has been unable to sell that interest
except at a price substantially lower than that for which it might
reasonably have been expected to sell if no part of the heredita-
ment or unit were, or were likely to be, comprised in such
land".
( 2) This section does not affect any blight notice served before
23rd May 1973 .
Power of
personal
representative
to serve
blight notice.
Blight notices by personal representatives
73.-(1 ) Where the whole or part of a hereditament or agri-
cultural unit is comprised in land of any of the specified descrip-
tions, and a person claims that-
( a) he is the personal representative of a person ( " the
deceased ") who at the date of his death was entitled to
an interest in that hereditament or unit ; and
( b) the interest was one which would have qualified for
protection under sections 181 to 196 of the Act of 1972
if a notice under section 182 of that Act had been served
in respect thereof on that date ; and
( c ) he has made reasonable endeavours to sell that interest ;
and
( d ) in consequence of the fact that the hereditament or unit
or a part of it was, or was likely to be, comprised in land
of any of the specified descriptions, he has been unable
to sell that interest except at a price substantially lower
than that for which it might reasonably have been
expected to sell if no part of the hereditament or unit
were, or were likely to be, comprised in such land ; and
( e ) one or more individuals are ( to the exclusion of any body
corporate ) beneficially entitled to that interest,
he may serve on the appropriate authority a notice in the pre-
scribed form requiring that authority to purchase that interest to
the extent specified in, and otherwise in accordance with, the said
sections 181 to 196.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall apply in relation to an interest in part of a hereditament or agricultural unit as it applies in relation
to an interest in the entirety of a hereditament or agricultural
unit:
Provided that this subsection shall not enable any person-
( a ) if the deceased was entitled to an interest in the entirety
of a hereditament or agricultural unit, to make any
claim or serve any notice under this section in respect
of the deceased's interest in part of the hereditament
or unit ; or
( b ) if the deceased was entitled to an interest only in part of
the hereditament or agricultural unit , to make or serve
any such claim or notice in respect of the deceased's
interest in less than the entirety of that part.
( 3) Subject to sections 69( 2) above and 75( 2) below, the
grounds on which objection may be made in a counter -notice
under section 183 of the Act of 1972 to a notice under this
section are those specified in paragraphs (a ) to (c) of subsection
( 2) of that section and, in a case to which it applies, the grounds
specified in paragraph (d ) of that subsection and also the follow-
ing grounds-
( a ) that the claimant is not the personal representative of the
deceased or that , on the date of the deceased's death,
the deceased was not entitled to an interest in any part
of the hereditament or agricultural unit to which the
notice relates ;
( b) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) the in-
terest of the deceased is not such as is specified in
subsection ( 1 ) (b) above ;
( c ) that the conditions specified in subsection ( 1) (c), ( d ) or
(e ) above are not fulfilled.
PARTV
( 4 ) For the purpose of section 190( 4) and (5) of the Act of
1972 (which prevent the service of concurrent blight notices
under sections 182 and 190 of that Act ) a notice served under
this section shall be treated as a notice served under the said
section 182 .
(5) In section 139( 1) (c ) of the Transport Act 1968 ( compensa- 1968 c . 73 .
tion where land acquired for special road service area) the
reference to a notice under section 182 of the Act of 1972 shall
include a reference to a notice under this section.
1711
1712 PARTV
Blight notice
requiring purchase of whole
agricultural
unit.
Objection to
blight notice
requiring
purchase
of whole
agricultural
unit.
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
Blight notices in respect of agricultural units
74.- (1 ) Where a blight notice is served in respect of an in-
terest in the whole or part of an agricultural unit and on the date
of service that unit or part contains land ( hereafter referred to as
" the unaffected area ") which does not fall within any of the
specified descriptions as well as land ( hereafter referred to as
" the affected area ") which does so, the claimant may include in
the notice
( a ) a claim that the unaffected area is not reasonably
capable of being farmed, either by itself or in conjunc-
tion with other relevant land, as a separate agricultural
unit; and
( b) a requirement that the appropriate authority shall pur-
chase his interest in the whole of the unit or, as the
case may be, in the whole of the part of it to which the
notice relates.
( 2 ) Subject to section 75( 3) below, " other relevant land " in
subsection ( 1) above means-
( a ) land comprised in the remainder of the agricultural unit
if the blight notice is served only in respect of part of
it;
( b) land comprised in any other agricultural unit occupied
by the claimant on the date of service, being land in
respect of which he is then entitled to an owner's
interest as defined in section 192( 4) of the Act of 1972.
75.- (1) The grounds on which objection may be made in a
counter-notice to a blight notice served by virtue of section 74
above shall include the grounds that the claim made in the notice
is not justified.
( 2 ) Objection shall not be made to a blight notice served by
virtue of section 74 above on the grounds mentioned in section
183 (2) (c) of the Act of 1972 ( part only of affected area proposed
to be acquired) unless it is also made on the grounds mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above ; and the Lands Tribunal shall not uphold
an objection to any such notice on the grounds mentioned in
the said section 183( 2)( c ) unless it also upholds the objection on
the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) above.
( 3) Where objection is made to a blight notice served by virtue
of section 74 above on the grounds mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above and also on those mentioned in the said section 183(2)( c),
the Lands Tribunal, in determining whether or not to uphold the
objection, shall treat that part of the affected area which is not
specified in the counter-notice as included in " other relevant
land " as defined in section 74(2) above.
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1713
( 4) If the Lands Tribunal upholds an objection but only on
PARTV
the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) above, the Tribunal
shall declare that the blight notice is a valid notice in relation to
the affected area but not in relation to the unaffected area.
( 5) If the Tribunal upholds an objection both on the grounds
mentioned in subsection (1) above and on the grounds mentioned
in the said section 183(2) (c) ( but not on any other grounds) the
Tribunal shall declare that the blight notice is a valid notice in
relation to the part of the affected area specified in the counter-
notice as being the part which the appropriate authority propose
to acquire as therein mentioned but not in relation to any other
part of the affected area or in relation to the unaffected area.
( 6 ) In a case falling within subsection ( 4 ) or (5) above, the
Tribunal shall give directions specifying a date on which notice
to treat (as mentioned in section 76 below and section 185 of
the Act of 1972) is to be deemed to have been served.
( 7 ) Section 184(5) of the Act of 1972 shall not apply to any
blight notice served by virtue of section 74 above.
76 .- ( 1) In relation to a blight notice served by virtue ofEffect of
section 74 above, subsection (1) of section 185 of the Act of 1972 blight notice requiring
shall have effect as if for the words " or (in the case of anpurchase
agricultural unit) the interest of the claimant in so far as it sub- of whole
sists in the affected area " there were substituted the words " or agricultural unit.
agricultural unit " and subsection ( 3) of that section shall not
apply to any such blight notice.
( 2) Where the appropriate authority have served a counter-
notice objecting to a blight notice on the grounds mentioned in
section 75(1) above, then if either-
(a ) the claimant, without referring that objection to the
Lands Tribunal, and before the time for so referring
it has expired, gives notice to the appropriate authority
that he withdraws his claim as to the unaffected area ;
or
( b ) on a reference to the Tribunal, the Tribunal makes a
declaration in accordance with section 75( 4) above,
the appropriate authority shall be deemed to be authorised
to acquire compulsorily under the appropriate enactment the
interest of the claimant in so far as it subsists in the affected
area (but not in so far as it subsists in the unaffected area) and
to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date
mentioned in subsection (3) below.
( 3 ) The said date-
( a) in a case falling within paragraph (a ) of subsection (2)
above, is the date on which notice is given in accord-
ance with that paragraph ; and
1714 c.56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
PARTV ( b ) in a case falling within paragraph (b ) of that subsection,
is the date specified in directions given by the Tribunal
in accordance with section 75( 6 ) above.
( 4) Where the appropriate authority have served a counter-
notice objecting to a blight notice on the grounds mentioned in
section 75( 1 ) above and also on the grounds mentioned in
section 183 ( 2) (c) of the Act of 1972, then if either-
( a ) the claimant, without referring that objection to the
Lands Tribunal, and before the time for so referring it
has expired, gives notice to the appropriate authority
that he accepts the proposal of the authority to acquire
the part of the affected area specified in the counter-
notice, and withdraws his claim as to the remainder of
that area and as to the unaffected area ; or
( b) on a reference to the Tribunal, the Tribunal makes a
declaration in accordance with section 75(5) above in
respect of that part of the affected area,
the appropriate authority shall be deemed to be authorised to
acquire compulsorily under the appropriate enactment the
interest of the claimant in so far as it subsists in the part of
the affected area specified in the counter - notice ( but not in so
far as it subsists in any other part of that area or in the
unaffected area) and to have served a notice to treat in respect
thereof on the date mentioned in subsection (5 ) below.
( 5 ) The said date-
( a) in a case falling within paragraph (a ) of subsection ( 4)
above, is the date on which notice is given in accord-
ance with that paragraph ; and
( b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection,
is the date specified in directions given by the Tribunal
in accordance with section 75(6) above.
( 6) The compensation payable in respect of the acquisition by
virtue of this section of an interest in land comprised in-
( a) the unaffected area of an agricultural unit ; or
( b ) if the appropriate authority have served a counter-notice
objecting to the blight notice on the grounds mentioned
in the said section 183(2) (c) , so much of the affected
area of the unit as is not specified in the counter-
notice ,
shall be assessed on the assumptions mentioned in section 5(2),
( 3) and (4) above.
( 7) In relation to a blight notice served by virtue of section 74
above references to " the appropriate authority " and " the
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
appropriate enactment " shall be construed as if the unaffected area of an agricultural unit were part of the affected area.
( 8) The provisions mentioned in section 189( 2) of the Act of
1972 (operation of blight provisions where claimant dies after
serving blight notice) shall include subsections (2) and ( 4) above.
PARTV
Supplementary
77.- (1) In this Part of this Act " the Act of 1972 "
means Supple-
the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972.
mentary
provisions
( 2 ) In section 181( 6) of the Act of 1972 ( definition of " blight for Part V.
notice ") there shall be added at the end the words " or section 1972 c. 52.
73 of the Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 " .
( 3) In section 183( 4) of the Act of 1972 (which requires a
counter-notice to state the grounds of objection) after the words
"
section 190(6) of this Act ", there shall be inserted the words
66
or section 73 (3) or 75 ( 1 ) of the Land Compensation ( Scotland)
Act 1973 ".
( 4 ) In sections 181 to 196 of the Act of 1972 references to
" these provisions " shall include references to this Part of this
Act, and references to " the specified descriptions " shall include
references to the descriptions contained in section 181 (1 ) ( a) , ( b) ,
(e), (g) and (i ) of that Act as extended by this Part of this Act
and to the descriptions contained in sections 67, 68, 69 and
70(2) above.
( 5 ) The Act of 1972 shall have effect as if this Part of this Act
were included in the said sections 181 to 196.
1715
PART VI
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
78.-( 1 ) Part I of this Act does not apply to any aerodrome Application
in the occupation of a government department but, subject to to Crown.
that, references in that Part and in Part II of this Act to public
works and responsible authorities include references to any works
or authority which, apart from any Crown exemption, would be
public works or a responsible authority.
( 2 ) Parts III and IV of this Act apply in relation to the
acquisition of interests in land ( whether compulsorily or by
agreement) by government departments being authorities possess-
ing compulsory purchase powers, as they apply in relation to the
acquisition of interests in land by such authorities who are not
government departments.
1716 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
PARTVI
Financial
provisions.
General
interpretation.
1948 с. 45.
1949 с. 75.
1972 с. 52.
1963 с. 51 .
1949 с. 67.
1955 с. 21 .
1968 с. 49.
1972 с. 51 .
79. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment-
( a ) any expenses incurred under this Act by any govern-
ment department ;
( b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable
out of such moneys under any other Act.
80.-(1) In this Act-
" agriculture ", " agricultural " and " agricultural land "
have the meaning given in section 86 of the Agriculture
( Scotland ) Act 1948, and references to the farming
of land include references to the carrying on in relation
to the land of any agricultural activities ;
" agricultural holding " has the meaning given in section 1
of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1949 and
" landlord ", " tenant " and " notice to quit ", in rela-
tion to an agricultural holding, have the same meaning
as in that Act ;
" agricultural unit " has the meaning given in section 196(1)
of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act
1972 ;
" acquiring authority " and " authority possessing compul-
sory purchase powers " have the same meaning as in
the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 ;
" aerodrome " has the meaning given in section 63(1) of the
Civil Aviation Act 1949 ;
" cottar " has the same meaning as in section 28( 4 ) of the
Crofters (Scotland ) Act 1955 ;
" croft ", " crofter " and " landlord", in relation to a croft,
have the same meanings respectively as in the Crofters
( Scotland ) Act 1955 ;
"disabled person " means a person in need under section
12 of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 as read
with section 1 of the Chronically Sick and Disabled
Persons (Scotland) Act 1972 ;
" dwelling " means a building or part of a building occupied
or ( if not occupied) last occupied or intended to be
occupied as a private house, and ( except in section 27 )
includes any garden, yard, outhouses and appurten-
ances belonging to or usually enjoyed with that building
orpart;
" heritable security " means any security capable of being
constituted over any interest in land by a disposition or
assignation of that interest in security of any debt and
of being recorded in the Register of Sasines ;
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1717
" holding ", in relation to a landholder and a statutory PARTVI
small tenant, has the same meaning as in section 2( 1 )
of the Small Landholders (Scotland ) Act 1911 and 1911 с. 49.
" landlord ", in relation to such a holding, has the same
meaning as in the Agricultural Holdings ( Scotland) Act 1949 c. 75.
1949;
" landholder " has the same meaning as in section 2( 2) of the
Small Landholders (Scotland) Act 1911 ;
" Lands Tribunal" means the Lands Tribunal for Scotland;
" owner " has the same meaning as in section 45(1) of the
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1963 ; 1963 с. 51 .
" road" has the meaning assigned to it in the Roads 1970 c. 20.
( Scotland ) Act 1970 ;
"statutory small tenant " has the same meaning as in
section 32( 1 ) of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act
1911.
( 2 ) Sections 20 to 23 above shall be construed as one with the
Roads ( Scotland ) Act 1970.
(3) Except where the context otherwise requires, references in
this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment
as amended, and include references to that enactment as
extended or applied, by any other enactment , including this Act.
81.-( 1 ) The Land Compensation Act 1973 (except section Repeal
86 and Schedule 3) shall cease to apply to Scotland and of Land
accordingly- Compensation
Act 1973 in
( a ) the provisions of that Act specified in Part I of Schedule relationto
2 to this Act are hereby repealed ; and
Scotland and
(b) the provisions of that Act specified in Part II of that reprinting
Schedule shall be amended as there mentioned. ofAct as
it applies to
( 2) A copy of the said Act omitting the provisions repealed England
and Wales.
as aforesaid and incorporating the amendments mentioned in the
1973 с. 26.
said Schedule shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the
Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament ; and
any copy of that Act to be printed by Her Majesty's printer
after the passing of this Act shall be printed in accordance with
the copy so certified and marked with a statement to the effect
that in pursuance of this section it is printed with the omissions
and amendments required by this section.
82.- (1 ) Notwithstanding the repeal of the Land Compensa- Savings and
tion Act 1973, in so far as anything done under that Act could transitional.
have been done under a corresponding provision in this Act, it
shall have effect as if done under that provision.
1718 PART VI
1889 с. 63 .
Short title
and extent.
c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
( 2) Notwithstanding the repeal of the said Act, section 3 of
that Act (claims ) shall have effect in relation to offences com-
mitted thereunder before the passing of this Act.
( 3) The inclusion in this section of any express savings shall
not be taken as prejudicing the operation of section 38 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 ( which relates to the effect of repeals).
( 4 ) Section 44 above does not affect any compensation which
fell or falls to be assessed by reference to prices current on a
date before 23rd May 1973, and the other provisions of Part
IV of this Act relating to the assessment of compensation do
not affect any compensation which fell or falls to be assessed by
reference to prices current on a date before 17th October 1972.
83.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Land Compensation
( Scotland) Act 1973 .
( 2) This Act, except section 81 and Schedule 2, extends to
Scotland only .
Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1719
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section56.
APPLICATION OF SECTION 56 TO STATUTORY SMALL TENANTS
PART I
Modification of section 56
Section 56 above shall apply to a statutory small tenant subject
to the following modifications-
( a ) for any reference to a croft, crofter or section 12 of the
Crofters ( Scotland ) Act 1955 there shall be substituted 1955 c. 21.
respectively a reference to a holding, statutory small tenant
or section 32(15) of the Small Landholders (Scotland ) Act 1911 c. 49.
1911 ;
( b ) in subsection (1), for the words from " crofter " in para-
graph ( a ) to " so required " in paragraph ( b) there shall be
substituted the words " statutory small tenant and resump-
tion of the holding is authorised by an order of the Scottish
Land Court under section 32(15 ) of the Small Landholders
( Scotland ) Act 1911 ; and (b) the resumption is so
authorised " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 2 ), for the words " crofter required by such
an order to surrender his croft " there shall be substituted
the words " statutory small tenant, resumption of whose
holding is authorised by such an order " ;
( d ) in subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3), for the words " croft is required
to be surrendered " , wherever they occur, there shall be
substituted the words " holding is authorised to be
resumed" ;
(e ) in subsection (2)( a), after the words " year, etc. ) " there shall
be inserted the words " and section 12 of the Agriculture 1968 с. 34.
( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1968 " and for the words
" the crofter had not been so required to surrender his
croft " there shall be substituted the words " resumption of
the holding had not been so authorised " ;
( f ) for subsection ( 2) ( b) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" ( b) any provision of the said section 32(15) relating
to compensation to a statutory small tenant shall not
have effect in relation to the resumption of the holding
by reason of the order. " ;
( g) in subsection ( 5 ), for the words "to surrender ", wherever
they occur, there shall be substituted the words " authoris-
ing resumption of ".
1720 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973
SCH. 1
Resumption ofholding
of statutory small tenant :
right to opt
fornotice
ofentry compensation.
1911 с. 49.
1845 с. 19.
1968 с. 34.
1947 с. 42.
PART II
Section 56 as modified, in its application to statutory
small tenants
( 1) This section has effect where-
( a ) the person in occupation of an agricultural holding is a
statutory small tenant and resumption of the holding is
authorised by an order of the Scottish Land Court under
section 32( 15 ) of the Small Landholders ( Scotland ) Act
1911 ; and
(b) the resumption is so authorised-
(i) after an acquiring authority have served notice to
treat on the landlord of the holding or, being an authority
possessing compulsory purchase powers, have agreed to
acquire his interest in the holding ; and
( ii ) where the Court have been satisfied under the said
section 32( 15) that the landlord desires to resume the
holding for a reasonable purpose which is a purpose
other than an agricultural purpose.
( 2 ) If the statutory small tenant, resumption of whose holding is
authorised by such an order, elects that this subsection shall apply
to the order and gives up possession of the holding to the acquiring
authority on or before the date on which the holding is authorised
to be resumed in accordance with the order
( a ) section 114 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland )
Act 1845 (compensation for tenants from year to year, etc.)
and section 12 of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1968 shall have effect as if resumption of the holding
had not been so authorised and the acquiring authority
had taken possession of the holding in pursuance of a
notice of entry under paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the
Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland)
Act 1947 on the day before that on which the holding
is authorised to be resumed in accordance with the order ;
and
(b ) any provision of the said section 32(15 ) relating to com-
pensation to a statutory small tenant shall not have effect in
relation to the resumption of the holding by reason of the
order.
(3) No election under subsection (2) above shall be made or, if
already made, continue to have effect in relation to any land to which
such an order relates if , before the date on which the holding is
authorised to be resumed in accordance with the order, an acquiring
authority take possession of that land in pursuance of an enactment
providing for the taking of possession of land compulsorily.
( 4 ) Any election under subsection ( 2 ) above shall be made by
notice in writing served on the acquiring authority not later than
the date on which possession of the holding is given up.
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 c. 56
1721
( 5 ) This section shall have effect in relation to an order authorising
resumption of part of a holding as it has effect in relation to an
order authorising resumption of an entire holding and references to
aholding shall be construed accordingly.
(6 ) The reference in subsection (1) (b) (i) above to a notice to treat
served by an acquiring authority includes a reference to a notice to
treat deemed to have been so served under any of the provisions
mentioned in section 49( 5 ) above.
SCH. 1
SCHEDULE 2
CONSEQUENTIAL REPEALS AND AMENDMENTS IN LAND
COMPENSATION ACT 1973
PART I
REPEALS
Section 2( 8) .
In section 3( 5 ) the words " or the Lands Tribunal for Scotland "
and " or expenses ".
Section 4(6 ).
Section 5( 6 ).
Section 6 ( 7 ).
Section 8( 8) .
Section 10(5).
Section 11( 6 ).
In section 16(1) the words " or, in Scotland , the Lands Tribunal
for Scotland ".
Section 18( 2 ).
In section 19, in subsection (1), in the definition of " highway "
the words " in relation to England and Wales " and the words from
"
and, in relation to Scotland" onwards, and the definitions of
"
highway authority " and " land " ; and subsection ( 4 ).
In section 20, in subsection (10) the words or section 8 of the
Development and Road Improvement Funds Act 1909 " ; and in
subsection ( 11) the words " and sections 24( 4) and 29( a) of the
Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 " .
Section 22(11).
In section 23(1)(d ) the words from " section 3 to " "
1970".
Section 24(6 ).
In section 25 the words " or section 8 of the Development and
Road Improvement Funds Act 1909 ".
In section 26(6 ) the words 66
or in Scotland a road " and the
words from "
or, as respects Scotland " onwards.
In section 27( 5) the words "
or in Scotland a road ".
Section 28( 5).
Section 81 .
1722 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH . 2 In section 29, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b) the words
" , passing " and " , resolution " and, in the words following para-
graph (c ), the words " , passed the resolution " ; subsection ( 4)(c) ;
in subsection ( 5 ) the words " or section 181 of the Town and Country
Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 " and " or section 11 of the New
Towns (Scotland ) Act 1968 " ; in subsection (7 ) the word " , resolu-
tion" where it first occurs, in paragraphs (a ) and (c ) the words
following " 1969 " and paragraph (b) ; and in subsection (8) the
second paragraph.
In section 30(1) the words " in England and Wales ".
Section 31.
Section 32 ( 9).
Section 34 ( 7).
In section 35, in subsection ( 7), in paragraph (a ) the words " ( or,
in Scotland, an interest as owner thereof ) " and in paragraph ( c )
the words 66
or section 12 of the Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act
1963 " ; and in subsection ( 9) the words " or, in Scotland, the Lands
Tribunal for Scotland ".
In section 36, in subsection ( 5 ) the words " or the Lands Tribunal
for Scotland " and 66
or expenses " ; and in subsection (6 ) the words
66
or, in Scotland, section 40 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland )
Act 1963 ".
In section 37, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b) the words
" , passing " and " , resolution " and in the words following para-
graph ( c), the words " , passed the resolution " ; in subsection ( 2 ), in
paragraph ( c) , the word " , resolution " and, in the words following
that paragraph the words " section 20 of the Housing (Scotland )
Act 1966 or section 10 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 " and
" or sections 18 to 20 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 " ; in
subsection (3) the word 66
resolution " where it first occurs and the
words the resolution was passed " ; in subsection (6 ) the words
,
" or, in Scotland, section 40 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland )
Act 1963 " ; subsection ( 8) ; and in subsection ( 9) the word
" , resolution ".
In section 38, in subsection (3) ( a ) the words "or having duties
under section 12 of the Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968 " ; and in
subsection ( 4 ) the words " or, in Scotland , the Lands Tribunal for
Scotland".
In section 39, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b) the words
"
" , passing " and " , resolution " ; in subsection ( 2) the words or
section 181 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act
66
1972 " ; subsection (4 ) (c ) ; in subsection ( 5 ) the words or paragraph
1 of Schedule 8 to the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 " ; in subsection
( 6 ) the word " , resolution " where it first occurs and the words
" , the resolution was passed " ; in subsection ( 7) the words " or
district " and or that district under Part VII of the Housing
“
( Scotland ) Act 1966 " ; and in subsection ( 9) the word ", resolution " .
Section 41 (11).
In section 42, in subsection (1) (b ) the words " or Part VII of the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 " ; in subsection ( 2 ) the words or a"
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973 c. 56
1723
house provided by them under Part VII of the said Act of 1966 ",
" or (in Scotland ) a house to which the housing revenue account
relates not so provided ", "
or the said Part VII " and " or house " ;
and in subsection ( 6 ) the words " or, in relation to Scotland , the
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 ".
Section 44 (3).
Section 46 (8).
Section 48( 7) .
Section 49.
"
In section 50( 4 ) the words or Schedule 24 to the Town and
Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972 ".
Section 51 ( 7).
Section 52(13).
In section 53, in subsection ( 5 ) the words 66
or sections 169 to
177 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 " and
66 or Schedule 24 to the said Act of 1972" ; and in subsection ( 6) the
words " sections 91 and 92 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation
( Scotland ) Act 1845 ".
Section 54 ( 9).
Section 55(5).
Section 56(5).
Section 57(4), (5) and (6 ) .
Section 58(3).
Section 59(8).
Section 60.
Section 61( 6 ) .
Section 62.
Section 63(2 ).
In section 64 the words " and paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the
Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure ) (Scotland) Act
1947".
Sections 65 to 67.
Section 83 .
In section 87, in subsection (1), in the definitions of " agriculture ",
"
66
agricultural " and " agricultural land " the words or, in relation
to Scotland, section 86 of the Agriculture (Scotland ) Act 1948 ", in
66
the definition of " agricultural holding " the words or, in relation
to Scotland, section 1 of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland ) Act
1949 ", in the definition of " agricultural unit " the words from " or,
in relation to Scotland " onwards, in the definitions of " acquiring
authority " and " authority possessing compulsory purchase powers
the words from " or, in relation to Scotland " onwards, the definitions
of " cottar " and of " croft ", " crofter " and " landlord " in relation
to a croft, in the definition of " disabled person " the words from
“
or, in relation to Scotland " onwards, in the definition of " dwel-
66
ling " the words or, in relation to Scotland, a private house ",
the definitions of " heritable security ", " holding ", "landholder"
SCH. 2
1724 c. 56
Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
SCH. 2 66 owner ", " road " and " statutory small tenant " and in the defini-
tion of " tenancy " the words " in relation to England and Wales
66
and" ; and in subsection (3) the words from or, in relation to
Scotland " onwards.
Schedules 1 and 2.
PART II
AMENDMENTS
In section 16 ( 2 ) for the words " either of those Tribunals " there
shall be substituted the words " the Tribunal " .
In section 23(1) (d ) after " 1959 " there shall be inserted the word
" or ".
In section 29( 7) (a ) and ( c) after " 1957 " there shall be inserted
the word " or ".
In section 33( 4 ) for the words " Sections 30 (3) and 31(3) " there
shall be substituted the words " Section 30 (3) ".
In section 37( 2) after " 1957 " where it occurs for the second time
there shall be inserted the word " or ".
In section 87(1), in the definition of " agricultural holding ", for
the words " those Acts respectively " there shall be substituted the
words " that Act".
In section 89( 4) there shall be added at the end the words " and ,
except section 86 and Schedule 3, does not extend to Scotland ".

[Index removed.]


