THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
AND GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES
1974
with
Lists of the Public General Acts
and Local Acts
and a Table of the Effect ofLegislation
and an Index
[IN TWO PARTS]
PART II
LONDON
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
1975
£ 26-50 net.
(for two parts)
346.1
G78
Ser3
1974
pt.2
ISBN 0 11 840139 4
C
The Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures
which received the Royal Assent in 1974
in which year ended the TWENTY-SECOND
and began the TWENTY- THIRD YEAR
of the Reign of HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND.
That year comprised
the end of the Fourth Session of the
Forty- Fifth Parliament, the only Session
of the Forty-Sixth Parliament
and
the beginning of the First Session
ofthe Forty-Seventh Parliament
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland.
d
Printed by HAROLD GLOVER
Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and
Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament
e
CONTENTS
PART I
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1974
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1974
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1974
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1974
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1974, cc. 1-39... ... ...
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974 ... Page
g
i
k
m
1
ccxi
PART II
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1974
...
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1974
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1974
...
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1974
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1974, cc. 40-58... ...
THE GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES OF 1974, Nos. 1-3... ...
TABLE V. Tables ofthe Derivations and Destinations of the Consolida-
tion Acts of 1974
... ...
...
TABLE VI : Effect of Legislation
... ... ... ... ...
...
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
Page
g
i
k
m
961
1877
i
xci
ccxi
g
TABLE I
Alphabetical List of
the Public General Acts of 1974
Appropriation Act (c. 2)
Appropiation ( No. 2 ) Act ( c. 31)
Part
... ...
I
Page
3
... ... I
... ... 541
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6 ).. ... I 122
...
..
Carriage of Passengers by Road Act (c. 35) ... ... ...
I 625
Charlwood and Horley Act (c. 11 ) ... ... ... ...
I 230
Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1 )... ... ... ... I 1
Consolidated Fund (No. 2 ) Act (c. 12 ) I
... ... ... ... 234
Consolidated Fund ( No. 3) Act (c. 15 )
... ... ... 1 263
...
Consolidated Fund (No. 4 ) Act (c. 57 )
... ... ... ...
II 1837
Consumer Credit Act (c. 39 )
... ... ... ... ...
I 785
Contingencies Fund Act ( c. 18)
... ... ... ... ...
I 279
Control of Pollution Act (c. 40 )
... ... ... ... 961
II
Dumping at Sea Act ( c. 20 ) I 282
Education ( Mentally Handicapped Children ) (Scotland ) Act
( c . 27 )... .. ... ... I 403
Friendly Societies Act (c. 46 ) ... ... ... ... 1381
II
Health and Safety at Work Act (c. 37 )... ... ... ... 1 643
Horticulture ( Special Payments) Act (c. 5 )... ... ... I 116
Housing Act (c. 44 ) ... ... ... ... ... ...
II 1137
Housing (Scotland ) Act ( c. 45 ) ... ... ... ... ...
II 1329
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act (c. 16 ) I 264
... ..
Independent Broadcasting Authority ( No. 2) Act ( c. 42 )
...
Insurance Companies Act ( c. 49 )
II 1106
II
... 1547
Juries Act (c. 23)... ... ... ... ... 1 339
h Alphabetical List
Part Page
Land Tenure Reform (Scotland ) Act ( c. 38)...
...
I 761
Legal Aid Act (c. 4 )... ... ...
.. ...
I 69
Local Government Act (c. 7 )
... ... ... 125
...
I
Lord Chancellor ( Tenure of Office and Discharge of Ecclesias-
tical Functions) Act (c. 25 ).. Lord High Commisioner (Church of Scotland) Act ( c. 19 ) ...
I 369
I 281
Merchant Shipping Act (c. 43) ... ... ... ... 1107
II
Mines (Working Facilities and Support ) Act (c. 36 )... ...
I 641
Ministers of the Crown Act (c. 21) I
... ... ... 295..
National Insurance Act ( c. 14 )...
National Theatre Act (c. 55 )
Northern Ireland Act ( c. 28)... Northern Ireland ( Young Persons) Act ( c. 33)
..
... ... ... ... ...
...
I 237
II 1822
I 407
I 620
Pakistan Act (c. 34 ) I
... 623... ... ...
Parks Regulation Amendment Act ( c. 29)
.. ... ... I 417
Pensioners' Payment Act (c. 54 )
... ... ... ... ... II
1815
Pensions (Increase) Act (c. 9) ... ... ... ...
I 221
Policing of Airport Act ( c. 41) ... ... .. ... 1097
...
II
Prevention of Terrorism Act (c. 56 ) II 1823
Prices Act (c. 24 ) ... ... ... ..
I 356
Rabies Act (c. 17 )... .. I 275..
Railways Act ( c. 48 ) ... ... 1539
II
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (c. 53 )... ... ... II 1799
Rent Act (c. 51)... ... ... ... ... ... ... II 1693
Representation of the People Act ( c. 10 ) ... ... ...
I 228
Representation of the People ( No. 2 ) Act ( c. 13) .. ...
I 235
Road Traffic Act (c. 50 ) ... ... ... 1617
II
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3) ... I
... ... ... 39
...
Social Security Amendment Act ( c. 58) ... ... ... ... 1839
II
Solicitors Act ( c. 47 ) ... ... ... ... ... ... II
1475
Solicitors ( Amendment) Act (c. 26 ) ... ... ... ...
I 371
Statute Law (Repeals) Act ( c. 22) ... ... ... ...
I 301
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act ( c. 8) ...
I 207
Town and Country Amenities Act ( c. 32 )
... ... ...
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act (c. 52)
... ...
I 599
II 1731
i
TABLE II
Chronological List of
the Public General Acts of 1974
Chapter
Part Page
1 Consolidated Fund Act
...
I 1
2 Appropriation Act... ... ... ... I 3
*3 Slaughterhouses Act I 39
... ... ... ...
*4 Legal Aid Act ... ... ... ... ... ...
I 69
5 Horticulture ( Special Payments) Act I
... ... ... 116
6 Biological Weapons Act... .. ... ... ... I 122
7 Local Government Act... ... I 125
...
8 Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act I 207
...
9 Pensions (Increase) Act ... ... ... ... ...
I 221
10 Representation of the People Act I 228
... ... ...
11 Charlwood and Horley Act... ... ... ... I 230
12 Consolidated Fund ( No. 2 ) Act... ... ... I 234
13 Representation of the People ( No. 2 ) Act... ... I 235
14 National Insurance Act ... ... ... ... ...
I 237
15 Consolidated Fund ( No. 3) Act I 263
... ... ...
16 Independent Broadcasting Authority Act... I 264
...
17 Rabies Act... ... ... ... ...
I 275
18 Contingencies Fund Act... ... ... ... ... I 279
19 Lord High Commissioner ( Church of Scotland ) Act... I 281
20 Dumping at Sea Act I
... ... ... ... 282
...
21 Ministers of the Crown Act... ... ... I 295
...
22 Statute Law (Repeals) Act I
... ... ... ... 301
*23 Juries Act... ... ... ... ... ... ...
I 339
24 Prices Act.. I 356
... ... ... ...
25 Lord Chancellor (Tenure of Office and Discharge of
Ecclesiastical Functions) Act... ... I 369
26 Solicitors Amendment Act... ... ... ... I 371
27 Education Mentally Handicapped Children ( Scotland )
Act I 403
...
28 North Ireland Act I
... .. ... 407
... ...
29 Parks Regulation Amendment Act I 417
... ... ...
*Consolidation Act
j Chronological List
Chapter Part Page
30 Finance Act I
... ... 419
31 Appropriation ( No. 2) Act... ... ... ... I 541
32 Town and Country Amenities Act... ... ... I 599
33 Northern Ireland ( Young Persons ) Act ...... ... I 620
34 Pakistan Act... ... ... I 623
35 Carriage of Passengers by Road Act... ... ... I 625
36 Mines Working Facilities and Support Act I
... ... 641
37 Health and Safety at Work etc. Act
I
... ... 643
38 Land Tenure Reform (Scotland ) Act
... ... ... I 761
39 Consumer Credit Act... ... I 785
40 Control of Pollution Act ... ... ... 961
II
41 Policing of Airports Act ... ... 1097
II
42 Independent Broadcasting Authority (No. 2) Act ... 1106
II
43 Merchant Shipping Act... ... II 1107
... ...
44 Housing Act II
... ... ... 1137
45 Housing ( Scotland) Act ... ... ...
II 1329
*46 Friendly Societies Act II
... ... ... ... 1381
*47 Solicitors Act II
... ... ... ... ... 1475
48 Railways Act II
...
... ... ... ... 1539
..
*49 Insurance Companies Act II
... ... 1547
50 Road Traffic Act II
.. ... ... ... ... 1617
51 Rent Act... ... ... ... ... ... 1693 .
52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act ... ... 1731
II
53 Rehabilitation of Offenders Act ... ... 1799-
II
54 Pensioners' Payments Act... ... II
... 1815-
... ... ... ... ... 55 National Theatre Act II
1822
56 Prevention of Terrorism Act ... ... ... ... 1823
II
57 Consolidated Fund (No. 4 ) Act... ... ... II 1837
58 Social Security Amendment Act...... ... ... II 1839
*Consolidation Act
k
TABLE III
Alphabetical List of
the Local and Personal Acts of 1974
Chapter No.
Ashdown Forest Act... ... ... xxi
Ayr County Council Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... ii
Barclays Bank Internation Act... ... ... ... ... ... ix
British Airports Authority (Longford River) Act... ... ... xviii
British Transport Docks Act... ... ... ... ... xxii
British Waterways Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxiii
Clerical Medical and General Life Assurance Act... ... ... xi
Crouch Harbour Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... XXXV
Crude Oil Terminal (Humber) Act... ... ... ... xii
Dumbarton Burgh Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... xxxiii
Fife County Council Order Confirmation Act... ... ... XV
Glasgow Corporation (Control of Parking &c. ) Order Confirmation
Act... .. ... ... ... ... ... ... vi
Glasgow Corporation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Order Confirmation
Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... V
Greater London Council (General Powers) Act... ... xxiv
Greater London Council (Money) Act... ... ... ... ... xxix
Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation Act... ... ... vii
Harwich Harbour Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... i
Lerwick Harbour Order Confirmation Act... ... ... ... XX
London Transport Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xvii
Morpeth Common Act... ... ... ... ... ... xiii
Old London Road, Hythe, Burial Ground Act... ... ... xix
Orkney County Council Act... ... ... ... XXX
Port of Tyne ( North Shields Fish Harbour) Act... ... xxxvi
Renfrew County Council Order Confirmation Act... ... ... iv
River Wear Barrage Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxxvii
Scottish Transport Group (Oban Quay) Order Confirmation Act
... xxxiv
Spanish and Portuguese Jews' (Golders Green ) Burial Ground Act
...
xvi
St. Andrews Links Order Confirmation Act
... ..
iii...
1 Local and Personal Acts
Chapter No.
The Green, Aberdeen ( Boots the Chemists Limited ) Order Confir-
mation Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxxi
Thurrock Borough Council Act... ... ... ... ... ... XXV
Torquay Market Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xxxii
United Kingdom Temperance and General Provident Institution ActX
University of Bristol Act... ... ... ... ... ... ... xiv
Weymouth and Portland Water Sports Act... ... ... ... xxvi
Workington Harbour Act... ... ... ... ... ... xxviii
Wrightson NMA Limited Act... ... ... ... ... ... xxvii
Zetland County Council Act... ... ... ... ... viii
m
TABLE IV
Chronological List of
the General Synod Measures of 1974
No. 1 .
No. 2.
No. 3.
Measures passed by the General Synod of the Church of England
which received the Royal Assent during the year 1974
Synodical Government (Amendment) Measure.
Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction ( Amendment) Measure.
Church of England (Worship and Doctrine) Measure.
c . 40 961
PENSE
DIEUETMON DRO11
Control of Pollution Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 40
An Act to make further provision with respect to waste
disposal, water pollution, noise, atmospheric pollution
and public health; and for purposes connected with
the matters aforesaid. [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
WASTE ON LAND
Waste disposal arrangements
1. It shall be the duty of each disposal authority to ensure Arrangements
that the arrangements made by the authority and other persons for disposing
for the disposal of waste are adequate for the purpose of dispos- ofcontrolled
ing of all controlled waste which becomes situated in its area
waste.
after this section comes into force and all controlled waste which
is likely to become so situated.
Waste disposal plans
2 .- (1) It shall be the duty of each disposal authority-
Preparation
and revision
( a ) to carry out an investigation with a view to deciding ofwaste
what arrangements are needed for the purpose of dis- disposal plans.
posing of controlled waste which is situated in its
area and of controlled waste which is likely to be so
situated;
(b) to decide what arrangements are in the opinion of the
authority needed for that purpose ;
Part II
c. 40
962 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I ( c) to prepare a statement of the arrangements made and
proposed to be made by the authority and other persons
for disposing of such waste during a period specified
in the statement ( hereafter in this section referred to
as " the plan ") ;
( d ) to carry out from time to time further investigations
with a view to deciding what changes in the plan are
needed for the purpose aforesaid ; and
(e) to make any modification of the plan which the autho
rity thinks appropriate in consequence of any further
investigation in pursuance of the preceding paragraph ;
and in considering any arrangements or modification for the pur-
poses of paragraph (c ) or (e) of this subsection it shall be the duty
of the authority to have regard to the effect which the arrange-
ments or modification would be likely to have on the amenities
of any relevant locality and to the likely cost to the authority of
the arrangements or modification.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of a disposal authority to include
in the plan information as to
( a ) the kinds and quantities of controlled waste which the
authority expects will be situated in its area during
the period specified in the plan ;
( b) the kinds and quantities of controlled waste which the
authority expects to be brought for disposal into or
taken for disposal out of the authority's area during
that period ;
( c ) the kinds and quantities of controlled waste which the
authority expects to dispose of itself during that period ;
( d ) the kinds and quantities of controlled waste which the
authority expects to be disposed of in its area during
that period by persons other than the authority ;
(e) the methods by which in the opinion of the authority
controlled waste in its area should be disposed of,
either by reclaiming substances from it or otherwise,
during that period and the priorities which in its
opinion should be accorded during that period to the
provision of different methods of disposal ;
( f ) the sites and equipment which the authority and other
persons are providing and during that period proposes
itself to provide and expects other persons to provide
for disposing of controlled waste ; and
( g) the estimated costs of the methods of disposal men-
tioned in the plan ;
but provision may be made by regulations for modifying para-
graphs ( a) to (g) of this subsection and for requiring a disposal
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 963
authority to take prescribed factors into account in preparing the plan and any modification of it .
PART I
( 3) It shall be the duty of adisposal authority-
( a ) in preparing the plan and any modification of it , to
consult-
(i) any water authority any part of whose area is
included in the area of the disposal authority, except
where the plan or modification is prepared by an
islands council, and
(ii ) in a case where the plan or modification
is prepared by an English disposal authority, the
collection authorities whose areas are included in
the area of the disposal authority, and
( iii) in a case where the plan or modification is
prepared by a Scottish disposal authority other than
an islands council, the council of the region in which
the area of the authority is included, and
(iv ) in a case where the plan or modification is
prepared by a disposal authority of which the area
is in Wales, the county council whose area includes
that of the authority, and
( v ) in a case where provisions of the plan or
modification relate to the taking of waste for dis-
posal into the area of another disposal authority,
that other authority, and
( vi ) in any case, such persons as the disposal
authority considers it appropriate to consult from
among persons who in the opinion of the authority
are or are likely to be, or are representative of persons
who are or are likely to be, engaged by way of trade
or business in the disposal of controlled waste
situated in the area of the authority and such other
persons as are prescribed ; and
( b) before finally determining the content of the plan or
modification (excluding a modification which in the
opinion of the authority is such that no person will
be prejudiced if the following provisions of this para-
graph are disregarded with respect to it ), to take such
steps as in the opinion of the authority will-
(i) give adequate publicity in its area to the plan
or modification, and
(ii) provide members of the public with oppor-
tunities of making representations to the authority
about it,
and to consider any representations made in pursuance
of sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph and make any
change in the plan or modification which the authority
A2
964 Prohibition of
unlicensed
disposal of
waste.
c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
considers appropriate in consequence of the representa-
tions.
( 4) Without prejudice to the generality of the duty imposed
on disposal authorities by the preceding subsection, it shall be
the duty of a disposal authority, in preparing the plan and any
modification of it ( excluding a modification which the authority
considers irrelevant for the purposes of this subsection), to con-
sider, in consultation with such persons as the authority considers
appropriate and as agree to participate in the consultations and,
in the case of an English disposal authority, in consultation with
the collection authorities whose areas are included in the area
of the disposal authority, -
( a ) what arrangements can reasonably be expected to be
made for the purpose of reclaiming substances from
controlled waste which is situated in the area of the
disposal authority ; and
( b) what provisions should be included in the plan for that
purpose.
( 5) A disposal authority shall not finally determine the
content of the plan or a modification of it in a case falling within
paragraph (a ) ( v ) of subsection (3) of this section except with the
consent of the other disposal authority or, if the other authority
withholds its consent , with the consent of the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) When a disposal authority has finally determined the
content of the plan or a modification of it in accordance with
the preceding provisions of this section it shall be the duty of
the authority-
( a ) to take such steps as in the opinion of the authority
will give adequate publicity in its area to the plan or
modification ; and
( b) to send to the Secretary of State a copy of the plan or,
as the case may be, particulars of the modification.
(7 ) The Secretary of State may give to any authority a
direction as to the time by which the authority is to perform
any duty specified in the direction which is imposed on the
authority by the preceding provisions of this section ; and it
shall be the duty of the authority to comply with the direction.
Licensing of disposal of controlled waste
3.-( 1 ) Except in prescribed cases, a person shall not-
( a) deposit controlled waste on any land or cause or know-
ingly permit controlled waste to be deposited on any
land ; or
(b) use any plant or equipment, or cause or knowingly per-
mit any plant or equipment to be used, for the purpose
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 965
of disposing of controlled waste or of dealing in a
prescribed manner with controlled waste,
unless the land on which the waste is deposited or , as the case
may be, which forms the site of the plant or equipment is
occupied by the holder of a licence issued in pursuance of
section 5 of this Act (in this Part of this Act referred to as a
"disposal licence ") which authorises the deposit or use in
question and the deposit or use is in accordance with the con-
ditions, if any, specified in the licence.
( 2 ) Except in a case falling within the following subsection, a
person who contravenes any of the provisions of the preceding
subsection shall, subject to subsection (4 ) of this section, be
guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine
of an amount not exceeding £ 400 or on conviction on indictment
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine
orboth.
( 3) A person who contravenes paragraph (a ) of subsection
(1) of this section in a case where-
( a) the waste in question is of a kind which is poisonous,
noxious or polluting ; and
( b) its presence on the land is likely to give rise to an
environmental hazard ; and
(c ) it is deposited on the land in such circumstances or for
such a period that whoever deposited it there may
reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it there or
to have brought it there for the purpose of its being
disposed of (whether by himself or others) as waste,
shall , subject to the following subsection, be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding six months or a fine not exceeding £ 400 or both
or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding five years or a fine or both.
( 4 ) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
under this section to prove-
( a ) that he
(i) took care to inform himself, from persons who
were in a position to provide the information, as to
whether the deposit or use to which the charge relates
would be in contravention of subsection ( 1) of this
section, and
( ii ) did not know and had no reason to suppose
that the information given to him was false or mis-
leading and that the deposit or use might be in
contravention of that subsection ; or
A3
PART I
966 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
Provisions
supple-
mentary to
s. 3.
( b) that he acted under instructions from his employer and
neither knew nor had reason to suppose that the
deposit or use was in contravention of the said sub-
section ( 1 ) ; or
( c ) in the case of an offence of making, causing or
permitting a deposit or use otherwise than in accord-
ance with conditions specified in a disposal licence,
that he took all such steps as were reasonably open to
him to ensure that the conditions were complied with ;
or
( d ) that the acts specified in the charge were done in an
emergency in order to avoid danger to the public and
that, as soon as reasonably practicable after they were
done, particulars of them were furnished to the disposal
authority in whose area the acts were done.
4 .- ( 1 ) Where activities for which a disposal licence is
required apart from this subsection have been carried on on any
land during the period of six months ending with the date when
subsection ( 1) of the preceding section comes into force, nothing
in that subsection shall apply to the carrying on of those
activities on the land during the period of one year beginning
with that date and, where at the end of that period an appeal
is pending in pursuance of section 10 of this Act against a
rejection of an application for a disposal licence in respect of
those activities on the land or against a decision to issue such a
licence which specifies conditions, until the appeal is determined.
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1) of the preceding section applies
to household waste from a private dwelling which is deposited,
disposed of or dealt with within the curtilage of the dwelling
by or with the permission of the occupier of the dwelling.
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State , in exercising
the power conferred on him by subsection (1) of the preceding
section to prescribe excepted cases, to have regard in particular
to the expediency of excluding from the controls imposed by
virtue of that subsection-
( a) any deposits which are small enough to be properly
excluded from those controls or are of such a
temporary nature that they may be so excluded ;
( b) any uses of plant or equipment which are innocuous
enough to be so excluded ;
( c ) cases for which adequate controls are provided by an
enactment other than that subsection ;
and without prejudice to the generality of section 104( 1) (a) of
this Act the said power may be so exercised as to prescribe
different excepted cases for different areas .
Control of Pollution Act 1974 c .40
967
( 4 ) References to land in the preceding section and this
section include references to water which covers any land above
low-water mark of ordinary spring tides and is not water in a
stream within the meaning of Part II of this Act.
( 5 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 3) of the preceding
section-
(a) the presence of waste on land gives rise to an environ-
mental hazard if the waste has been deposited in such
a manner or in such a quantity ( whether that quantity
by itself or cumulatively with other deposits of the
same or different substances) as to subject persons or
animals to a material risk of death, injury or impair-
ment of health or as to threaten the pollution (whether
on the surface or underground) of any water supply ;
and
( b) the fact that waste is deposited in containers shall not of
itself be taken to exclude any risk which might be
expected to arise if the waste were not in containers .
( 6 ) In the case of any deposit of waste, the degree of risk
relevant for the purposes of the preceding subsection shall be
assessed with particular regard-
( a ) to the measures, if any, taken by the person depositing
the waste, or by the owner or occupier of the land, or
by others, for minimising the risk ; and
( b) to the likelihood of the waste, or any container in which
it is deposited, being tampered with by children or
others.
PART I
5.- ( 1) An application for a disposal licence in respect of Licences to
any land in the area of a disposal authority must be made in dispose of
writing to the authority and include such information as is waste.
prescribed.
( 2 ) A disposal licence shall not be issued for a use of land,
plant or equipment for which planning permission is required in
pursuance of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 or, in 1971 c. 78
Scotland, the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 c. 52.
1972 unless such permission is in force ; but provision may be
made by regulations for an application for a disposal licence
to be considered while an application for any relevant planning
permission is pending and for any proceedings connected with
either application to be conducted concurrently with any pro-
ceedings connected with the other application.
(3) Where a disposal authority receives an application for a
disposal licence for a use of land, plant or equipment for which
A4
c. 40
968 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
1973 с. 65.
such planning permission as aforesaid is in force, it shall be
the duty of the authority not to reject the application unless
the authority is satisfied that its rejection is necessary for the
purpose of preventing pollution of water or danger to public
health.
( 4 ) Where a disposal authority proposes to issue a disposal
licence, it shall be the duty of the authority before it does so-
( a ) to refer the proposal to the water authority and any
collection authority of which the area includes any of
the relevant land and to any other prescribed person ;
and
( b) to consider any representations about the proposal
which, during the period of twenty-one days beginning
with that on which the proposal is received by a body
or person mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-
section or during such longer period as the disposal
authority and that body or person agree in writing, the
disposal authority receives from that body or person
( including in particular any representations about the
conditions which that body or person considers should
be specified in the licence) ;
and if a water authority to which the proposal is referred requests
the disposal authority not to issue the licence or disagrees with
the disposal authority as to the conditions to be specified in the
licence either of them may refer the matter to the Secretary of
State and the licence shall not be issued except in accordance
with his decision.
(5) The preceding subsection shall not apply to Scotland, but
in Scotland where a disposal authority ( other than an islands
council) proposes to issue a disposal licence, it shall be the duty
of the authority before it does so-
( a) to refer the proposal to-
( i) the river purification authority whose area
includes any of the relevant land,
(ii) where the disposal authority is not also a
district planning authority within the meaning of
section 172 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1973, the general planning authority within the
meaning of that section whose area includes any of
the relevant land, and
(iii ) any other prescribed person ; and
(b) to consider any representations about the proposal
which during the period of twenty- one days beginning
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 969
with that on which the proposal is received by a body
or person mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection
or during such longer period as the disposal authority
and that body or person agree in writing, the disposal
authority receives from that body or person (including
in particular any representations about the conditions
which that body or person considers should be
specified in the licence) ;
and if a river purification authority to which the proposal is
referred requests the disposal authority not to issue the licence
or disagrees with the disposal authority as to the conditions to
be specified in the licence either of them may refer the matter
to the Secretary of State and the licence shall not be issued
except in accordance with his decision.
(6) A person who, in an application for a disposal licence,
makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in
a material particular shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400 or on con-
viction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
two years or a fine or both.
PART I
6.-( 1 ) Provision may be made by regulations as to the con- Provisions
ditions which are or are not to be specified in a disposal licence, supplementary
and as to the conditions specified in adisposal licence which to s . 5.
shall be disregarded for the purposes of sections 3( 1) and
31(2) (a) of this Act.
( 2 ) Subject to regulations made in pursuance of the preceding
subsection, a disposal licence may include such conditions as the
disposal authority which issues it sees fit to specify in the licence ;
and without prejudice to the generality of the preceding pro-
visions of this subsection, any such conditions may relate to
( a ) theduration of the licence ;
( b ) the supervision by the holder of the licence of activities
to which the licence relates ;
( c ) the kinds and quantities of waste which may be dealt
with in pursuance of the licence or which may be so
dealt withduring a specified period, the methods ofdeal-
ing with them and the recording of information relat-
ing to them ;
( d ) the precautions to be taken on any land to which the
licence relates ;
( e ) the steps to be taken with a view to facilitating com-
pliance with any conditions of such planning permission
c . 40
970 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I as is mentioned in subsection ( 2) of the preceding
section ;
( f ) the hours during which waste may be dealt with in
pursuance of the licence ; and
(g) the works to be carried out, in connection with the land,
plant or equipment to which the licence relates, before
the activities authorised by the licence are begun or
while they are continuing ;
and it is hereby declared that a condition may require the
carrying out of works or the doing of any other thing which the
authority considers appropriate in connection with the licence
notwithstanding that the licence holder is not entitled as of right
to carry out the works or do the thing .
(3) The holder of a disposal licence who without reasonable
excuse contravenes a condition of the licence which in pursuance
of regulations made by virtue of subsection ( 1) of this section is
to be disregarded for the purposes mentioned in that subsection
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to
a fine not exceeding £ 400 ; but no proceedings for such an offence
shall be brought in England and Wales except by or with the
consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions or by the disposal
authority which issued the licence.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of each disposal authority-
( a) to maintain a register containing prescribed particulars
of all disposal licences issued by the authority which
are for the time being in force ; and
( b ) to secure that the register is open to inspection at its
principal office by members of the public free of
charge at all reasonable hours ; and
( c) to afford members of the public reasonable facilities
for obtaining from the authority, on payment of reason-
able charges, copies of entries in the register.
(5) If within the period of two months beginning with the
date on which a disposal authority receives an application duly
made to it for a disposal licence, or within such longer period
as the authority and the applicant may at any time agree in
writing, the authority has neither issued a licence in consequence
of the application nor given notice to the applicant that the
authority has rejected the application, the authority shall be
deemed to have rejected the application .
(6 ) References to land in the preceding section and this sec-
tion include such water as is mentioned in section 4( 4) of this
Act .
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 971
7.- ( 1 ) While a disposal licence issued by a disposal authority PART I
is in force, then-
Variation of
( a ) subject to any regulations in force by virtue of sub - conditions and
revocation
section ( 1) of the preceding section, the authority may- of licences.
(i) on its own initiative, serve a notice on the holder
of the licence modifying the conditions specified in
the licence to any extent which, in the opinion of the
authority, is desirable and is unlikely to require un-
reasonable expenditure by the licence holder, and
(ii ) on the application of the licence holder, serve
a notice on him modifying the said conditions to the
extent requested in the application ;
and
(b) it shall be the duty of the authority to serve a notice on
the licence holder modifying the conditions specified in
the licence-
(i) subject to subsection ( 4 ) of this section, to the
extent which in the opinion of the authority is
required for the purpose mentioned in section
9( 1) (a) of this Act, and
(ii) to the extent required by any regulations in
force as aforesaid.
( 2) Subsection ( 4) or, in relation to Scotland, subsection (5)
of section 5 of this Act shall with the necessary modifications
apply to a proposal to serve a notice in pursuance of paragraph
(a ) or paragraph (b)(i) of the preceding subsection as it applies to
a proposal to issue a disposal licence, except that-
( a ) the disposal authority may postpone the reference in
pursuance of the said subsection (4) or (5) so far as the
authority considers that by reason of an emergency
it is appropriate to do so ; and
( b) the disposal authority may disregard any other authority
for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this
subsection in relation to a modification which, in the
opinion of the disposal authority, will not affect the
other authority.
(3) Section 5(6) of this Act shall apply to an application in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) ( a) (ii) of this section as it applies
to an application for a disposal licence.
( 4 ) Where a disposal licence issued by a disposal authority
is in force and it appears to the authority-
( a) that the continuation of activities to which the licence
relates would cause pollution of water or danger to
public health or would be so seriously detrimental to
the amenities of the locality affected by the activities
that the continuation of them ought not to be per-
mitted ; and
972 Control ofPollution Act 1974
c. 40
PART I
( b) that the pollution, danger or detriment cannot be
avoided by modifying the conditions specified in the
licence,
it shall be the duty of the authority by a notice served on the
holder of the licence to revoke the licence.
( 5) A notice served in pursuance of this section shall state
the time at which the modification or revocation in question
is to take effect.
Transfer and
8.- (1) The holder of a disposal licence may, after giving
relinquishment notice to the authority which issued the licence that he proposes
oflicences.
to transfer it on a day specified in the notice to a person whose
name and address are so specified, transfer the licence to that
person ; but a licence in respect of which such a notice is given
shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the period of ten
weeks beginning with the date on which the authority receives
the notice if during the period of eight weeks beginning with
that date the authority gives notice to the transferee that it
declines to accept him as the holder of the licence.
( 2) If by operation of law the right of the holder of a disposal
licence to occupy the relevant land is transferred to some other
person, that person shall be deemed to be the holder of the
licence during the period of ten weeks beginning with the date of
the transfer.
( 3) Except as provided by the preceding provisions of this
section, references in this Part of this Act to the holder of a
disposal licence are references to the person to whom the licence
was issued.
( 4 ) The holder of a disposal licence may cancel the licence
by delivering it to the authority which issued it and giving notice
to the authority that he no longer requires the licence.
Supervision of
licensed
activities.
9.-( 1 ) While a disposal licence is in force it shall be the
duty of the authority which issued the licence to take the steps
needed-
( a) for the purpose of ensuring that the activities to which
the licence relates do not cause pollution of water or
danger to public health or become seriously detrimental
to the amenities of the locality affected by the activities ;
and
( b) for the purpose of ensuring that the conditions specified
in the licence are complied with.
( 2) For the purpose of performing the duty which is imposed
on a disposal authority by the preceding subsection in connection
with a licence, any officer of the authority authorised in writing
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 973
in that behalf by the authority may, if it appears to him that by reason of an emergency it is necessary to do so, carry out work
on the relevant land and on any plant or equipment to which the
licence relates.
( 3) Where a disposal authority incurs any expenditure by
virtue of the preceding subsection , the authority may recover
the amount of the expenditure from the holder of the disposal
licence in question, or if the licence has been revoked or can-
celled from the last holder of it, except where the holder or last
holder of the licence shows that there was no emergency requir-
ing any work or except such of the expenditure as he shows
was unnecessary.
( 4) Where it appears to a disposal authority that a condition
specified in a disposal licence issued by the authority is not
being complied with, then, without prejudice to any proceedings
in pursuance of section 3 or 6( 3) of this Act in consequence of
any failure to comply with the condition, the authority may-
( a) serve on the licence holder a notice requiring him to
comply with the condition before a time specified in
the notice ; and
( b) if in the opinion of the authority the licence holder
has not complied with the condition by that time, serve
on him a further notice revoking the licence at a time
specified in the further notice.
PART I
10.-(1) Where- Appeals to
( a) an application for a disposal licence or a modification Secretary of
State from
of adisposal licence is rejected ; or
decisions with
( b) a disposal licence which specifies conditions is issued ;
respect to
licences.or
( c ) the conditions specified in a disposal licence are modi-
fied; or
( d ) adisposal licence is revoked,
the applicant for the licence or, as the case may be, the holder
or last holder of it may, in accordance with regulations, appeal
from the decision in question to the Secretary of State ; and
where on such an appeal the Secretary of State determines
that the decision is to be altered it shall be the duty of the
disposal authority concerned to give effect to the determination.
( 2 ) While an appeal in pursuance of the preceding subsection
is pending in a case falling within paragraph ( c ) or (d ) of that
subsection, the decision in question shall, subject to the follow-
ing subsection, be ineffective ; and if the appeal is dismissed or
withdrawn the decision shall be effective again from the end of the
day on which the appeal is dismissed or withdrawn.
c .40
974 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
Special
provisions
for land
occupiedby
disposal
authorities.
( 3) The preceding subsection shall not apply to a decision of
a disposal authority as respects which the notice relating to
the decision which was served on the holder of the relevant
licence in pursuance of section 7 or section 9(4)(b) of this Act
includes a statement that in the opinion of the authority it is
necessary for the purpose of preventing pollution of water or
danger to public health that the preceding subsection should
not apply to the decision ; but if on the application of the holder
or former holder of the relevant licence the Secretary of State
determines that the authority acted unreasonably in including
such a statement in the said notice, then-
(a) if the appeal in question is still pending at the end of
the day on which the determination is made, the
preceding subsection shall apply to the decision from
the end of that day ; and
( b ) the holder or former holder of the licence shall be
entitled to recover compensation from the authority
in respect of any loss suffered by him in consequence of
the statement ;
and any dispute as to a person's entitlement to compensation
in pursuance of paragraph (b) of this subsection or as to the
amount of the compensation shall be determined by arbitration .
11.-( 1 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1) of section 3 of this Act
shall apply to
(a) the deposit of controlled waste on land in the area of
a disposal authority which is occupied by the autho-
rity ; or
( b ) the use on land so occupied of any plant or equipment
for the purpose of disposing of controlled waste or of
dealing with controlled waste in a manner prescribed
in pursuance of paragraph ( b) of that subsection,
if the deposit is made or the plant or equipment is used by the
authority or is made or used with the consent of the authority
and in accordance with the conditions, if any, to which the con-
sent is subject (other than a condition as to which it is provided
by regulations that the condition shall be disregarded for the
purposes of this subsection) .
( 2 ) If any land occupied by a disposal authority is used by
the authority as a site on which to deposit or permit other
persons to deposit controlled waste or on which to use or permit
other persons to use any plant or equipment for the purpose
aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the authority to ensure that the
land is used in accordance with conditions which are-
( a ) calculated to prevent its use from causing pollution of
water, danger to public health and serious detriment
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 975
to the amenities of the locality in which the land is situated ; and
( b ) specified in a resolution passed by the authority in
accordance with the following provisions of this sec-
tion .
( 3) Where a disposal authority proposes that any land which
the authority occupies or intends to occupy should be used by
the authority as mentioned in the preceding subsection, it shall
be the duty of the authority before it gives effect to the pro-
posal-
( a) to prepare a statement of the conditions which the
authority intends to specify in a resolution to be passed
by the authority in pursuance of paragraph (e) of this
subsection ;
( b ) to include in or, as the case may be, exclude from the
statement any condition which by virtue of section 6( 1)
of this Act is required to be included in or excluded
from a disposal licence ;
(c ) to refer the proposal and the statement to each
water authority and collection authority of which the
area includes any of the land in question and to any
other prescribed person ;
( d ) to consider any representations about the proposal and
statement which, during the period of twenty- one days
beginning with that on which the proposal and state-
ment are received by a water authority or collection
authority or during such longer period as the disposal
authority and the other authority agree in writing, the
disposal authority receives from the other authority
(including in particular any representations about the
conditions which the other authority considers should
be included in any resolution passed in pursuance of
the following paragraph) ;
(e) subject to subsection (5) of this section, to pass a resolu-
tion specifying the conditions in accordance with which
the land in question is to be used by the disposal
authority as mentioned in the preceding subsection.
( 4 ) In the application of the preceding subsection to Scot-
land-
PART I
( a) for paragraphs (c ) and (d ) there shall be substituted the
following paragraphs-
( c ) to refer the proposal and the statement to the
river purification authority whose area includes any
of the land in question and, where the disposal
authority is not also a district planning authority
c. 40
976 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
1973 с. 65.
within the meaning of section 172 of the Local
Government (Scotland) Act 1973, to the general
planning authority within the meaning of that section
whose area includes any of the land and to any
other prescribed person ;
( d ) to consider any representations about the pro-
posal and statement which, during the period of
twenty-one days beginning with that on which the
proposal and statement are received by the river
purification authority or the general planning autho-
rity or during such longer period as the disposal
authority and the other authority agree in writing,
the disposal authority receives from that autho-
rity ( including in particular any representations
about the conditions which the river purification
authority or the general planning authority considers
should be included in any resolution passed in pur-
suance of the following paragraph ) ;
( b) paragraphs ( a) to ( d ), and in paragraph (e) the words
" subject to subsection (5) of this section ", shall have
effect only in a case where the proposal is made by a
disposal authority other than an islands council.
( 5) If a water authority or, in Scotland, a river purification
authority to which a proposal is referred by a disposal authority
in pursuance of paragraph (c ) of subsection ( 3) of this section
requests the disposal authority not to proceed with the proposal
or disagrees with the disposal authority as to the conditions to
be specified in a resolution in pursuance of paragraph (e) of that
subsection, either of them may refer the matter to the Secretary
of State and it shall be the duty of the disposal authority not
to pass a resolution in pursuance of that paragraph except in
accordance with his decision .
( 6) A disposal authority by which a resolution has been
passed in pursuance of paragraph (e) of subsection (3) of this
section or this subsection-
( a) may vary or rescind the resolution by a subsequent
resolution of the authority ; and
(b) shall so vary the resolution when it is necessary to do
so in order to secure that the conditions specified in
the resolution include or, as the case may be, exclude
a condition which by virtue of section 6( 1) of this
Act is required to be included in or excluded from a
disposal licence.
( 7 ) Paragraphs (a) to ( d ) of subsection ( 3) and subsection (5)
of this section shall with the necessary modifications apply to a
proposal to pass a resolution in pursuance of paragraph ( a) of
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 977
the preceding subsection and to such a resolution as they apply
to such a proposal as is mentioned in those provisions and to a
resolution in pursuance of the said paragraph (e), except that-
( a) those provisions shall not apply to or to a proposal to
pass a resolution which only rescinds a previous resolu-
tion; and
( b) the disposal authority may postpone the reference in
pursuance of the said subsection ( 3) so far as the
authority considers that by reason of an emergency
it is appropriate to do so ; and
( c ) the disposal authority may disregard any other
authority for the purposes of the preceding provisions
of this subsection in relation to a resolution which, in
the opinion of the disposal authority, will not affect the
other authority.
( 8 ) If while a resolution is in force in pursuance of the pre-
ceding provisions of this section it appears to the authority
which passed the resolution-
( a ) that the continuation of activities to which the resolu-
tion relates would cause pollution of water or danger
to public health or would be so seriously detrimental
to the amenities of the locality affected by the activities
that the activities ought not to continue ; and
( b ) that the pollution, danger or detriment cannot be
avoided by modifying the conditions relating to the
carrying on of the activities,
it shall be the duty of the authority to discontinue the activities
and to rescind the resolution.
( 9) If it appears to a water authority or, in Scotland, a river
purification authority that activities to which a resolution in
pursuance of this section relates are causing or likely to cause
pollution to relevant waters ( within the meaning of Part II of
this Act ) in the area of the authority the authority may, without
prejudice to the provisions of the preceding subsection or the
said Part II, request the Secretary of State to direct the disposal
authority which passed the resolution to discontinue the
activities ; and it shall be the duty of a disposal authority to
comply with a direction given to it in pursuance of this sub-
section.
(10 ) While a resolution passed by a disposal authority in pur-
suance of subsection (3) or (6) of this section is in force it shall
be the duty of the authority to secure that particulars of the
resolution are included in the register maintained by the
authority in pursuance of section 6( 4) (a) of this Act.
(11) References to land in this section include such water as
is mentioned in section 4(4 ) of this Act.
PART I
c . 40
978 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
Collection of
waste.
Collection and disposal of controlled waste
12.-( 1) It shall be the duty of each collection authority-
( a) subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, to arrange for
the collection of all household waste in its area except
waste-
(i) which is situated at a place which in the
opinion of the authority is so isolated or inaccessible
that the cost of collecting it would be unreasonably
high, and
(ii) as to which the authority is satisfied that
adequate arrangements for its disposal have been or
can reasonably be expected to be made by a person
who controls the waste ; and
(b) if requested by the occupier of premises in its area
to collect any commercial waste from the premises, to
arrange for the collection of the waste.
( 2 ) Each English disposal authority and each collection
authority may, if requested by the occupier of premises in its
area to collect any industrial waste from the premises, arrange
for the collection of the waste ; but an English collection
authority shall not be entitled to exercise the powers conferred
on it by this subsection except with the consent of the relevant
disposal authority.
( 3) No charge shall be made for the collection of household
waste in pursuance of the preceding provisions of this section
except in prescribed cases ; and in any of those cases-
( a ) the duty to arrange for the collection of the waste in
question which is imposed on the collection authority
by subsection ( 1)(a) of this section shall not arise until
a person who controls the waste requests the authority
to collect it ; and
( b) the authority may recover a reasonable charge for the
collection of the waste from the person who made the
request in respect of it in pursuance of the preceding
paragraph.
( 4) A person at whose request waste other than household
waste is collected in pursuance of the preceding provisions of
this section shall be liable to pay a reasonable charge for the
collection and disposal of the waste to the authority which
arranged for its collection; and it shall be the duty of that
authority to recover the charge unless in the case of a charge in
respect of commercial waste the authority considers it inappro-
priate to do so.
c . 40 979
Control ofPollution Act 19741
(5) It shall be the duty of each collection authority-
( a ) to make such arrangements for the emptying of privies
serving one or more private dwellings in its area as the
authority considers appropriate and to make no charge
for emptying done in pursuance of the arrangements ;
( b) if requested by the person who controls a cesspool
serving only one or more private dwellings in its area
to empty the cesspool, to remove such of the contents
of the cesspool as the authority considers appropriate
on payment if the authority so requires of a reason-
able charge ;
and a collection authority may, if requested by the person who
controls any other privy or cesspool in its area to empty the
privy or cesspool, remove matter from it on payment as afore-
said .
PART I
In this subsection " privy " means a latrine which has a
moveable receptacle for faecal matter and " cesspool " includes
a settlement tank or other tank for the reception or disposal of
foul matter from buildings .
(6 ) An English disposal authority and any collection authority
may-
( a) construct, lay and maintain, within or outside its area,
pipes and associated works for the purpose of collect-
ing waste in pursuance of this section ;
( b ) contribute towards the cost incurred by another person
in providing or maintaining pipes or associated works
connecting with pipes provided by the authority in
pursuance of the preceding paragraph .
( 7 ) Parts V and VI of Schedule 3 to the Water Act 1945 1945 с. 42.
( which relate to the laying of mains and the breaking up of
streets) shall apply in relation to pipes and associated works
provided or to be provided in pursuance of paragraph (a) of the
preceding subsection as those Parts apply in relation to water
mains and pipes but as if-
(a ) sections 19( 4) and 21 of that Schedule (which relate
to the erection of street notices and the laying of
service pipes) were omitted, and in section 22 of that
Schedule the words " which they are authorised to lay
ود
were omitted ; and
( b) for any reference to undertakers or limits of supply
there were substituted respectively a reference to the
authority in question and the area of the authority ;
and
980 1968 с. 47.
c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
1962 с. 58 .
( c) for the reference to the special Act in section 25( 4) of
that Schedule there were substituted a reference to this
subsection ;
and the Pipe -lines Act 1962 shall not apply to pipes or asso-
ciated works provided or to be provided in pursuance of para-
graph (a) of the preceding subsection.
( 8) A collection authority may contribute towards the cost
incurred by another person in providing or maintaining plant
or equipment intended to deal with household waste before
it is collected under arrangements made by the authority in
pursuance of subsection (1)( a) of this section ; and an English
disposal authority and any collection authority may contribute
towards the cost incurred by another person in providing or
maintaining plant or equipment intended to deal with commercial
or industrial waste before it is collected under arrangements made
by the authority in pursuance of subsection ( 1)( b) or subsection
( 2 ) of this section.
( 9) Subject to section 14(1) and ( 9) of this Act, anything
collected under arrangements made by an authority in pur-
suance of this section shall belong to the authority and may be
dealt with accordingly.
(10 ) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) in subsection ( 5 ), paragraph (b) and the references to a
cesspool occurring later in that subsection shall be
omitted;
( b) for subsection (7 ) there shall be substituted the follow-
ing subsection : -
( 7 ) Sections 2, 3, 4 and 41 of the Sewerage
( Scotland ) Act 1968 (which relate to the mainten-
ance etc. of public sewers and other works and the
breaking open of streets etc.) shall apply in relation
to pipes and associated works provided or to be
provided in pursuance of paragraph ( a) of the pre-
ceding subsection as those sections apply in relation
to public sewers but as if-
( a) the said section 2 conferred a power, and
did not impose a duty, on a local authority
to do the things mentioned in that section ;
and
( b) in the said section 4, the words from " but,
before any person " to the end were
omitted;
and the Pipe-lines Act 1962 shall not apply to pipes
and associated works provided or to be provided
in pursuance of paragraph (a ) of the preceding
subsection.
Control ofPollution Act 1974 981
c . 40
(c ) in subsection (9), for the reference to section 14( 1) and
PART I
( 9) of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to
section 15(4) of this Act.
( 11 ) References to waste in the preceding provisions of this
section include waste on premises occupied by the Crown but
exclude waste as to which the Commissioners executing the
Crown Estate Paving Act 1851 (which among other things 1851 c. 95.
relates to premises in the Regent's Park) make arrangements for
its collection ; but a disposal or collection authority shall not be
entitled by virtue of this subsection to exercise, in relation to
such premises or waste on such premises, any power conferred
on the authority by virtue of sections 91 to 93 of this Act.
13.-( 1 ) Where a collection authority has a duty by virtue of Dustbins etc.
subsection ( 1)(a) of the preceding section to arrange for the
collection of household waste from any premises, then, subject
to any regulations made by virtue of subsection (7 ) of this
section , the authority may, by a notice served on the occupier of
the premises, require him to place the waste for collection in
receptacles which are of a kind and number reasonably speci-
fied in the notice ; and a person who fails to comply with such
a requirement shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine of an amount not exceeding £ 100.
( 2 ) A notice served by an authority in pursuance of the
preceding subsection may provide for the receptacles in question
to be provided by the authority free of charge or-
( a) if the recipient of the notice agrees, by the authority on
payment by the recipient of the notice of such a single
payment or such periodical payments as he agrees
with the authority ; or
( b) by the recipient of the notice if he does not enter into
an agreement in pursuance of the preceding paragraph
within a period specified in the notice or the notice
does not propose such an agreement.
(3) Where by virtue of such a notice the recipient of it is
required to provide any receptacles he may within the period
of twenty -one days beginning with the last day of the period
specified in the notice in pursuance of paragraph ( b) of the
preceding subsection or, where no period is so specified, begin-
ning with the day on which the notice is served on him, appeal
to a magistrates' court against the notice on the ground that
the kind or number of the receptacles required by the notice is
unreasonable or on the ground that the receptacles in which
household waste in the premises in question is placed for
982 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I collection are adequate ; and where an appeal against a notice
is brought in pursuance of this subsection
( a) the notice shall be of no effect pending the determina-
tion of the appeal ; and
( b) the court shall either quash or modify the notice or
dismiss the appeal ; and
(c) no question as to whether the kind or number of
receptacles specified in the notice is unreasonable shall
be entertained in any proceedings for an offence under
this section in respect of the notice.
( 4 ) An English disposal authority and any collection authority
may at the request of any person supply him with receptacles
for commercial waste or industrial waste which he has requested
the authority to arrange to collect and shall make a reasonable
charge for any receptacle supplied in pursuance of this sub-
section unless in the case of a receptacle for commercial waste
the authority considers it appropriate not to make a charge.
(5) If it appears to a collection authority that there is likely
to be situated, on any premises in its area, commercial waste
or industrial waste of a kind which, if the waste is not stored
in receptacles of a particular kind, is likely to cause a nuisance
or to be detrimental to the amenities of the locality in which
the premises are situated, the authority may, by a notice served
on the occupier of the premises, require him to provide at the
premises receptacles for the storage of such waste which, subject
to subsection (7) of this section, are of a kind and number
reasonably specified in the notice ; and a person who fails to
comply with such a requirement shall be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to a fine of an amount not
exceeding £ 100.
(6 ) A person on whom a notice is served in pursuance of the
preceding subsection may, within the period of twenty-one days
beginning with the day on which the notice is served on him,
appeal to a magistrates' court against the notice on the grounds
that the kind or number of receptacles specified in the notice is
unreasonable or that the waste is not likely to cause a nuisance
or be detrimental to the amenities of the locality in which the
premises are situated ; and where an appeal against a notice is
brought in pursuance of this subsection, paragraphs (a) to (c)
of subsection (3) of this section shall apply in relation to the
notice as they apply in relation to such a notice as is mentioned
in that subsection.
(7 ) Provision may be made by regulations with respect to—
(a) the size, construction and maintenance of receptacles for
controlled waste ;
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 983
( b) the placing of the receptacles on premises for the pur-
pose of facilitating the emptying of them, and access
to the receptacles for that purpose ;
( c ) the placing of the receptacles for that purpose on high-
ways with the consent of the relevant highway authori-
ties and the liability for any damage arising out of the
placing of the receptacles on highways in pursuance
of regulations made by virtue of this subsection ;
( d ) the substances which may and may not be put into the
receptacles and the precautions to be taken where par-
ticular substances are put into them ;
(e) the steps to be taken by occupiers of premises for the
purpose of facilitating the collection of waste from
receptacles for controlled waste which are provided
in connection with the premises ;
( f ) the giving of directions by collection authorities with
respect to matters mentioned in any of the preceding
paragraphs and compliance with the directions by
occupiers of premises and other persons ; and
( g) the imposition of a fine of an amount not exceeding
£100 on summary conviction of a contravention of the
regulations or directions given in pursuance of the
regulations .
(8) References to receptacles in the preceding provisions of
this section include references to holders for receptacles .
PART I
14.-( 1) Subject to the following subsection, it shall be the Disposal of
duty of each English collection authority to deliver to the relevant waste in
disposal authority , at such places as the disposal authority England and
Wales.
directs, all waste which is collected by the collection authority
in pursuance of section 12 of this Act except waste paper which
the collection authority decides is not to be delivered to the
disposal authority ; and anything delivered to a disposal autho-
rity in pursuance of this subsection shall belong to that authority
and may be dealt with accordingly.
( 2) An English collection authority and the relevant disposal
authority may agree that, subject to such conditions as to pay-
ment or otherwise as may be specified in the agreement, waste
to which the agreement relates shall not be delivered to the
disposal authority in pursuance of the preceding subsection but
shall be dealt with under arrangements made by the collection
authority for the purpose of enabling the waste to be used again
or substances to be reclaimed from it.
( 3) Without prejudice to the powers of collection authorities
apart from this subsection, a collection authority shall have
power to provide plant and equipment for the sorting and baling
c . 40
984 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I of waste paper retained by the authority in pursuance of sub-
section ( 1) of this section or for sorting or processing waste
retained by the authority in pursuance of the preceding
subsection.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of each disposal authority to arrange
for the disposal of the waste collected by it in pursuance of
section 12 of this Act or delivered to it in pursuance of sub-
section ( 1 ) of this section ; and, without prejudice to the autho-
rity's powers apart from the following provisions of this
subsection, the powers exercisable by the authority for the
purpose of performing that duty shall include power-
( a) to provide, within or outside its area, places at which
to deposit waste before the authority transfers it to
a place or plant or equipment provided in pursuance of
the following paragraph ; and
( b) to provide, within or outside its area, places at which
to dispose of the waste and plant or equipment for
processing it or otherwise disposing of it.
(5) Subsections (6 ) and (7) of section 12 of this Act shall have
effect in relation to a disposal authority as if the reference in
paragraph (a) of the said subsection (6) to the collection of waste
in pursuance of that section included the disposal of waste in
pursuance of this section and the disposal of anything produced
from waste belonging to the authority.
(6) A disposal authority or a collection authority may permit
another person to use facilities provided by the authority in
pursuance of the preceding provisions of this section and may
provide for the use of another person any such facilities as the
authority has power to provide in pursuance of those provisions ;
and-
(a ) subject to the following paragraph, it shall be the duty
of the authority to make a reasonable charge in respect
of the use by another person of the facilities unless the
authority considers it appropriate not to make a
charge ;
( b) no charge shall be made in pursuance of this subsection
in respect of household waste ; and
( c) anything delivered to the authority by another person
in the course of using the facilities shall belong to the
authority and may be dealt with accordingly.
( 7 ) A collection authority and the relevant disposal authority
may enter into an agreement for the making by either authority
to the other of such payments as may be determined by or under
the agreement in respect of waste collected by the collection
authority in pursuance of section 12 of this Act including, with-
out prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 985
this subsection, an agreement for the making of payments to the collection authority in respect of such arrangements as are
mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.
(8) Except as otherwise agreed in pursuance of the preceding
subsection, the relevant disposal authority shall-
( a) be entitled to receive from an English collection
authority such sums as are needed to defray the reason-
able cost to the disposal authority of disposing of
commercial and industrial waste delivered to the
disposal authority by the collection authority in
pursuance of this section ; and
(b ) pay to an English collection authority a reasonable
contribution towards expenditure reasonably incurred
by the collection authority in delivering waste to the
disposal authority in pursuance of subsection ( 1) of
this section where the place of delivery is unreasonably
far from the collection authority's area ;
and any question arising in pursuance of paragraph ( a ) of this
subsection as to what cost is reasonable or in pursuance of para-
graph (b) of this subsection as to whether a contribution is
reasonable or expenditure was reasonably incurred or as to
whether a place is unreasonably far from a collection authority's
area shall, in default of agreement between the two authorities
in question, be determined by arbitration.
(9) References to waste in subsections ( 1), (2), (4), (7) and (8)
of this section do not include matter removed from privies or
cesspools in pursuance of section 12( 5) of this Act, and it shall
be the duty of a collection authority by which matter is so
removed-
( a) to deliver the matter, in accordance wth any directions
of the water authority of which the area includes that
of the collection authority, at a place specified in the
directions (which must be in or within a reasonable
distance from the collection authority's area ) to the
water authority or to another person so specified ;
(b) to give to the water authority from time to time a notice
stating the quantity of the matter which the collection
authority expects to deliver to or as directed by the
water authority in pursuance of the preceding para-
graph during a period specified in the notice.
(10) Any question arising in pursuance of paragraph (a) of
the preceding subsection as to whether a place is within a reason-
able distance from a collection authority's area shall, in default
of agreement between the collection authority and the water
PART I
986 c .40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
1973 с. 37.
Disposal of
waste in
Scotland.
authority in question, be determined by arbitration ; and any-
thing delivered to a water authority in pursuance of that sub-
section shall belong to the authority and may be dealt with
accordingly.
(11) For the purposes of section 30 and 31 of the Water Act
1973 (which among other things relate to charges for services
performed by water authorities) the reception and disposal by
a water authority or other person of matter delivered to it or him
by another authority in pursuance of subsection (9) of this
section shall be treated as a service performed by the water
authority for the other authority.
( 12 ) This section does not apply to Scotland.
15.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of each Scottish disposal autho-
rity to arrange for the disposal of any waste collected by it, in its
capacity as a collection authority, in pursuance of section 12 of
this Act ; and, without prejudice to the authority's powers apart
from the following provisions of this subsection, the powers
exercisable by the authority for the purpose of performing that
duty shall include power-
( a ) to provide, within or outside its area, places at which
to deposit waste before the authority transfers it to a
place or plant or equipment provided in pursuance of
the following paragraph ; and
( b) to provide, within or outside its area, places at which
to dispose of the waste and plant or equipment for
processing it or otherwise disposing of it .
(2 ) Subsections ( 6) and ( 7 ) of section 12 of this Act shall
have effect in relation to a Scottish disposal authority as if the
reference in paragraph (a) of the said subsection ( 6) to the
collection of waste in pursuance of that section included the
disposal of waste in pursuance of this section and the disposal
of anything produced from waste belonging to the authority.
(3) A Scottish disposal authority may permit another person
to use facilities provided by the authority in pursuance of the
preceding provisions of this section and may provide for the
use of another person any such facilities as the authority has
power to provide in pursuance of those provisions, and-
( a) subject to the following paragraph, it shall be the duty
of the authority to make a reasonable charge in respect
of the use by another person of the facilities unless the
authority considers it appropriate not to make a
charge ;
( b) no charge shall be made in pursuance of this subsection
in respect of household waste : and
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 987
( c) anything delivered to the authority by another person
in the course of using the facilities shall belong to
the authority and may be dealt with accordingly.
( 4 ) References to waste in subsection ( 1) of this section do not
include matter removed from privies in pursuance of section
12( 5) of this Act, and it shall be the duty of a Scottish
collection authority (other than an islands council) by which
matter is so removed
(a) to deliver the matter, in accordance with any directions
of the regional council of which the area includes
that of the collection authority, at a place specified in
the directions (which must be in or within a reasonable
distance from the collection authority's area) to the
regional council or another person so specified ;
( b) to give to the regional council from time to time a notice
stating the quantity of the matter which the collection
authority expects to deliver to or as directed by the
regional council in pursuance of the preceding para-
graph during a period specified in the notice ;
( 5 ) Any question arising in pursuance of paragraph (a) of the
preceding subsection as to whether a place is within a reasonable
distance from a collection authority's area shall, in default
of agreement between the collection authority and the regional
council in question, be determined by arbitration ; and anything
delivered to a regional council in pursuance of that subsection
shall belong to the council and may be dealt with accordingly.
(6) This section applies to Scotland only.
PART I
16.-( 1 ) If any controlled waste is deposited on any land in Removal of
the area of a disposal authority or a collection authority in waste
deposited in
contravention of section 3( 1 ) of this Act, the authority may serve breach of
a notice on the occupier of the land requiring him-
licensing
( a ) to remove the waste from the land within a period provisions.
specified in the notice, which shall not be less than
twenty-one days beginning with the date of service of
the notice ; or
( b) to take within such a period such steps as are so speci-
fied with a view to eliminating or reducing the conse-
quences of the deposit of the waste,
or requiring him both to remove the waste as mentioned in
paragraph (a) of this subsection and to take such steps as are
mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection within such a
period as aforesaid.
( 2) A person served with a notice in pursuance of the pre-
ceding subsection may within the twenty-one days aforesaid
c . 40
988 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I appeal to a magistrates' court against the notice ; and on any
such appeal the court shall quash the notice if it is satisfied
that-
( a) the appellant neither deposited nor caused nor knowingly
permitted the deposit of the waste on the land ; or
(b) service of the notice on the appellant was not authorised
by the preceding subsection ; or
(c ) there is a material defect in the notice ;
and in any other case shall either modify the notice or dismiss
the appeal.
( 3) Where a person appeals against a notice in pursuance of
this section, the notice shall be of no effect pending the deter-
mination of the appeal ; and where the court modifies the notice
or dismisses the appeal it may extend the period specified in the
notice .
( 4) If a person on whom a notice is served in pursuance of
subsection (1 ) of this section fails to comply with the notice,
then-
( a) he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400 and a further
fine not exceeding £50 for each day on which the failure
continues after conviction for the offence and before
the authority which served the notice has begun to
exercise its powers in pursuance of the following para-
graph ; and
( b) the said authority may do what that person was required
by the notice to do and may recover from him any
expenses reasonably incurred by the authority in doing
it.
( 5) If it appears to such an authority as is mentioned in sub-
section (1) of this section that waste has been deposited as there
mentioned and that-
( a) in order to remove or prevent pollution of water or
danger to public health it is necessary forthwith to
remove the waste or to take other steps with a view to
eliminating or reducing the consequences of the deposit
of it or necessary forthwith to remove the waste and
to take such other steps ; or
( b ) there is no occupier of the land in question ; or
(c ) the occupier of the land neither made nor knowingly
permitted the deposit of the waste,
the authority may remove the waste from the land or take
such other steps as aforesaid or, as the case may require , may
remove it and take such other steps .
c. 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 989
( 6 ) Where an authority exercises in respect of any land a
PART I
power conferred on it by the preceding subsection it shall be
entitled to recover the cost of doing so and of disposing of any
waste removed in the exercise of the power-
( a ) in a case falling within paragraph (a ) of that sub-
section, from the occupier of the land unless he proves
that he neither made nor caused nor knowingly per-
mitted the deposit in question ;
( b) in any case, from any person who deposited or caused
or knowingly permitted the deposit of any of the waste
in question on the land,
except such of the cost as the occupier or other person shows
was incurred unnecessarily.
( 7) Any waste removed by an authority in pursuance of this
section shall belong to the authority and may be dealt with
accordingly.
17. ( 1) If the Secretary of State considers that controlled Special
waste of any kind is or may be so dangerous or difficult to dispose provisions with respect
of that special provision in pursuance of this subsection is to certain
required for the disposal of waste of that kind by disposal dangerous
authorities or other persons, it shall be his duty to make provision or intractable
by regulations for the disposal of waste of that kind ( hereafter waste.
in this section referred to as " special waste ") ; and, without
prejudice to the generality of the Secretary of State's power to
make regulations in pursuance of the preceding provisions of
this subsection, any such regulations may include provision-
( a) for the giving of directions by disposal authorities with
respect to matters connected with the disposal of
special waste;
( b) for securing that special waste is not, while awaiting
disposal in pursuance of the regulations, kept at any
one place in quantities greater than those which are
prescribed and in circumstances which differ from those
which are prescribed ;
( c ) for requiring the occupier of premises on which special
waste is situated to give notice of that fact and other
prescribed information to a prescribed authority ;
( d ) for the keeping of records by persons who produce
or dispose of special waste or transfer it to another
person for disposal, for the inspection of the records
and for the furnishing by such persons to prescribed
authorities of copies of or information derived from
the records ;
( e) providing that a contravention of the regulations shall
be an offence and prescribing the maximum penalty
990 c .40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I for the offence ( which shall not exceed, on summary
conviction , a fine of £ 400 and, on conviction on indict-
ment, imprisonment for a term of two years and a
fine ) .
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the power to make
regulations conferred by the preceding subsection, regulations
made in pursuance of that subsection may include provision-
( a ) requiring special waste of particular kinds to be disposed
of only by disposal authorities or, in the case of special
waste of a kind which the Secretary of State considers
involves or may involve such a risk of damage to
persons or animals or vegetation that it should be
disposed of only by him, to be disposed of only by
the Secretary of State ;
(b) for the supervision by disposal authorities (whether by
the application with modifications of provisions of
section 9 of this Act or otherwise) of activities
authorised by virtue of the regulations ;
( c ) as to the recovery of expenses or other charges for dis-
posals by disposal authorities or the Secretary of State
inpursuance of the regulations ;
( d ) as to appeals to the Secretary of State from decisions
of disposal authorities in pursuance of the regulations.
(3) Provision may also be made by regulations-
( a ) for the giving of a direction, in respect of any place
in respect of which a disposal licence or a resolution in
pursuance of section 11 of this Act is in force,
requiring the holder of the licence or the authority
which passed the resolution to accept and dispose of
at the place, on such terms as are specified in the
direction (including terms as to the making of pay-
ments to the recipient of the direction), such special
waste as is so specified ;
(b ) as to the consents to be obtained and the other steps
to be taken before a direction may be given in pursu-
ance of the regulations and as to appeals to the
Secretary of State against a direction so given ;
( c ) providing that a failure to comply with such a direction
shall be an offence punishable on summary conviction
by a fine not exceeding £ 400 or such less amount as
is prescribed and that a person shall not be guilty of an
offence under any prescribed enactment by reason
only of anything necessarily done or omitted in order
to comply with such a direction .
Control of Pollution Act 1974 c . 40
991
Waste other than controlled waste PART I
18.-( 1) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with Application
such bodies as he considers appropriate, make regulations pro- ofpreceding
viding that prescribed provisions of sections 1 to 11 and 14 provisions
to other
to 17 of this Act shall have effect in a prescribed area-
waste.
( a) as if references in those provisions to controlled waste
or controlled waste of a kind specified in the regula-
tions included references to such waste as is mentioned
in section 30(3) (c) (ii) of this Act which is of a kind so
specified ; and
( b) with such other modifications as are prescribed ;
and regulations made in pursuance of this subsection may
make such modifications of any enactment other than the sections
aforesaid as the Secretary of State considers appropriate in
connection with the regulations .
( 2) A person who-
( a ) deposits on any land any waste other than controlled
waste ; or
( b) causes or knowingly permits the deposit on any land
of any waste other than controlled waste,
in a case where, if the waste were controlled waste and any
disposal licence relating to the land were not in force, he would
be guilty of an offence under section 3(3) of this Act shall be
guilty of such an offence and punishable accordingly unless the
act charged was done in pursuance of and in accordance with
the terms of any consent, licence, approval or authority granted
under any enactment (excluding any planning permission under
the enactments relating to town and country planning) ; and in
this subsection " land " includes such water as is mentioned in
section 4(4) of this Act.
(3) Subsection (2) of section 12 and subsection ( 4) of section
13 of this Act shall apply to waste other than controlled waste
as the subsections apply to controlled waste.
19. Each disposal authority shall have power to collect infor- Powers of
mation about, and to make arrangements for the disposal of, disposal
waste which is situated or likely to be situated in its area and is authorities
as respects
not controlled waste; but nothing in sections 91 to 94 of this other waste.
Act shall apply to functions conferred on an authority or
information collected by an authority in pursuance of this
section .
992 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
Reclamation
ofwaste.
Production of
heat and
electricity
from waste
etc.
Reclamation etc. of waste
20. Without prejudice to the powers of disposal authorities
apart from this section, any disposal authority may-
( a ) do such things as the authority considers appropriate for
the purpose of
( i) enabling waste belonging to the authority, or
belonging to another person who requests the autho-
rity to deal with it in pursuance of this section, to
be used again, or
( ii) enabling substances to be reclaimed from such
waste ;
( b) buy or otherwise acquire waste with a view to its being
used again or to the reclamation of substances from it ;
and
( c ) use, sell or otherwise dispose of waste belonging to the
authority or anything produced from such waste.
21.-( 1 ) A disposal authority may, subject to subsections ( 2)
and (3) of this section, -
(a) use waste belonging to the authority for the purpose of
producing from it heat or electricity or both ;
( b) establish and operate, within or outside its area, such
generating stations and other installations as the autho-
rity thinks fit for the purpose aforesaid ; and
( c) where the authority operates an installation in which
waste is usually used as the main fuel for the purpose
of producing heat or electricity, then-
(i ) in the case of an installation for producing
heat, use other fuel in addition to waste to produce
the heat, and
( ii) in the case of an installation for producing
electricity, use other fuel to assist in burning the
waste to produce the electricity,
and, in an emergency, use other fuel instead of waste
to produce the heat or electricity ;
and a disposal authority may use, sell or otherwise dispose of
any heat produced by the authority by virtue of this section.
( 2 ) A disposal authority shall not be entitled to make any
arrangements with a view to the production from waste of elec-
tricity for use otherwise than by the authority unless-
( a ) the authority has had consultations about the arrange-
ments with the Central Electricity Generating Board
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 993
and with any Electricity Board proposed to be speci-
PART I
fied in the arrangements in pursuance of paragraph
( b) of the following subsection ; and
(b) the arrangements are approved by the Secretary of
State and are in accordance with any conditions which
he attaches to his approval .
In the application of this subsection to Scotland the reference
to the Central Electricity Generating Board shall be omitted.
( 3) Where a disposal authority produces electricity by virtue
of this section the authority-
( a) may use any of the electricity at the installation at
which it was produced and on any premises occupied
by the authority in connection with the installation ,
but shall not use any of it elsewhere ;
(b) may sell any of the electricity, on such terms as are
specified in the relevant arrangements made in pur-
suance of the preceding subsection, to any Electricity
Board (within the meaning of the Electricity Act 1947) 1947 с. 54.
which is so specified, but shall not sell or otherwise
dispose of any of it to any other person ;
and it shall be the duty of any Electricity Board so specified
to buy electricity from the authority in accordance with the
said arrangements.
( 4 ) Subsection (6) of section 12 of this Act (except paragraph
( b) of that subsection) and subsection (7) of that section (except
so much of it as relates to the Pipe-lines Act 1962) shall have 1962 c. 58.
effect in relation to a disposal authority as if the reference in
the said subsection (6) to the collection of waste in pursuance of
that section included the conveying of heat produced by the
authority by virtue of this section and of air, steam and water
heated by such heat.
( 5 ) It shall be the duty of a disposal authority by which an
installation for producing heat is operated in pursuance of this
section in any year to furnish to the Secretary of State, as soon as
practicable after the end of that year, such particulars relating
to the installation and heat produced at it as are prescribed.
( 6 ) Nothing in this section (except the restrictions imposed by
subsections (2) and ( 3) ) shall be construed as prejudicing any
power exercisable by a disposal authority apart from this
section.
Street cleaning and litter
22.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of each highway authority to Street
undertake the cleaning of the highways for which it is the cleaning
highway authority so far as the cleaning of the highways is etc.
PartII B
c . 40
994 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
1959 с. 25.
1970 с. 20.
1949 с. 32.
1946 с. 30.
Prohibition
of parking to
facilitate
street
cleaning.
necessary for the maintenance of the highways or the safety of
traffic on them.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of each local authority to undertake
the cleaning of the highways in its area so far as the cleaning
of them appears to the authority to be necessary in the interests
of public health or the amenities of the area ; but that duty shall
not include a duty to undertake the cleaning of any special road
which is a trunk road or any other cleaning falling to be done by
a highway authority in pursuance of the preceding subsection.
(3) A local authority may, with the consent of any person
who has an interest in or is the occupier of any relevant land,
arrange for the cleaning of the land and may enter into an
agreement with such a person for the payment by him of
charges in respect of the cleaning ; and in this subsection " rele-
vant land " means any land in the open air to which members
of the public have access, either as of right or otherwise, and
which is not the site of a highway.
( 4 ) In the preceding provisions of this section and in the
following section-
ود
“ highway means highway maintainable at the public
expense within the meaning of the Highways Act
; 1959
" local authority " means the council of a district or Lon-
don borough and the Common Council of the City of
London ; and
" special road " and " trunk road " have the same mean-
ings as in the Highways Act 1959.
( 5 ) In the application of this section to Scotland the preced-
ing subsection shall not have effect and in this section and in the
following section-
66
highway " and " highway authority " have respectively the
same meanings as in the Roads (Scotland) Act 1970 ;
“
local authority means a collection authority ;"
"
special road " has the same meaning as in the Special
Roads Act 1949 ;
" trunk road " means a highway which by virtue of the
Trunk Roads Acts 1936 and 1946 or an order under
section 1 of the Trunk Roads Act 1946, or by virtue
of section 9 ( 1) of the said Act of 1949, is a trunk road.
23.-( 1) Where in the case of any part of a highway (here-
after in this section referred to as " the relevant area ") the high-
way authority for the relevant area or the local authority in
whose area the relevant area is situated considers that, in order
to facilitate the cleaning of the relevant area on a particular day
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 995
( hereafter in this section referred to as " the relevant day " ) ,
PART I
it is appropriate to prohibit the parking of vehicles in the
relevant area during certain hours of the relevant day, the
authority may give notice in accordance with the following
provisions of this section prohibiting such parking.
(2) Such a notice must specify the relevant area, the relevant
day and the hours in question and must be in such form and
contain such other information as are prescribed ; and subject
to paragraphs (a ) and (b) of the following subsection a copy of
the notice must-
( a) be served in accordance with regulations on the occupier
of any premises adjoining the relevant area and on
any prescribed person ; and
( b) be conspicuously displayed in accordance with regula-
tions at places in the relevant area .
(3) Regulations may provide-
( a) that such a notice which is served in a prescribed manner
in respect of any premises shall be treated for the
purposes of this section as served on the occupier of
the premises ;
(b) that a failure to serve or display a notice as required
by virtue of this section apart from the regulations
shall in prescribed circumstances be disregarded for
the purposes of this section ; and
( c) for the covering up of traffic signs and parking meters
on the relevant day or any part of it , but without preju-
dice to the effect of the notice in question if regulations
made in pursuance of this paragraph are not observed.
( 4) Regulations may also provide that sections 20, 52 and 53
of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 ( which among other 1967 с. 76.
things provide for the removal, storage and disposal of vehicles
left on roads in contravention of a statutory prohibition) shall
have effect, in relation to any vehicle which is or was standing
on any part of a highway while parking on that part is or was
prohibited by virtue of this section, with such modifications as
are prescribed .
(5 ) If, either before or during the hours on the relevant day
which are specified in a notice given by an authority as men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) of this section, the authority displays
such further notices in the relevant area and takes such other
steps (if any) as are prescribed, the prohibition on parking
attributable to the notice so given shall not come into force or,
if it is already in force, shall cease to be in force.
( 6 ) It shall be the duty of the highway authority for any part
of a highway and of the local authority in whose area the part is
B2
c.40
996 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I Litter.
situated to co - operate with each other in performing the functions
conferred on them by virtue of this section ; and where a highway
authority or a local authority gives notice as mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) of this section in respect of any part of a highway
for which it is the highway authority or, as the case may be,
which is within its area, any other authority which is the high-
way authority for that part or which is the local authority within
whose area that part is situated shall, with the approval of the
authority which gave the notice, be entitled to act in pursuance
of this section as if the other authority had given similar notice.
(7) Where any parking in the relevant area is, by virtue of a
notice given as mentioned in subsection ( 1) of this section, pro-
hibited during specified hours on the relevant day, no right of
action shall accrue to any person by reason of the fact that all
or some of the cleaning of the relevant area which the highway
authority or, as the case may be, the local authority proposes
to do or has done during those hours is not cleaning which that
authority has or had power to do if the other of those authorities
has or had power to do it.
( 8) Any reference in the preceding provisions of this section
to a part of a highway includes any such part on which the
parking of vehicles is, apart from this section, authorised by
virtue of any enactment whether on payment or free of charge ;
and where the parking of vehicles on such a part is prohibited by
virtue of this section a person shall not be entitled to recover
any sum paid by him in respect of the parking of a vehicle
there.
24.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of the council of each county in
England and Wales and the local authorities of which the areas
are included in the county and, where the county includes land
in a National Park, the Park authority to consult from time to
time together, and with such voluntary bodies as the council and
the authorities consider appropriate and as agree to participate
in the consultations , about the steps which the council and each
of the authorities and bodies is to take for the purpose of
abating litter in the county ; and it shall be the duty of the
county council-
( a) to prepare and from time to time revise a statement
of the steps which the council and each of the authori-
ties and bodies agrees to take for that purpose ; and
( b) to take such steps as in its opinion will give adequate
publicity in the county to the statement ; and
(c) to keep a copy of the statement available at its principal
office for inspection by the public free of charge at all
reasonable hours.
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 997
( 2) The preceding subsection shall apply to Greater Londor
and the Greater London Council as it applies to a county and
the council of a county, and in that subsection " local authority
ود
means a collection authority, a parish council, a parish meeting
and a community council and " Park authority " means the
National Parks Committee or the joint or special planning board
for the Park in question.
( 3) In Scotland, it shall be the duty of-
(a ) the council of each region and the district councils of
which the districts are included in the region to con-
sult from time to time together and with such volun-
tary bodies as the regional council and the district
councils consider appropriate and as agree to partici-
pate in the consultations ;
( b) the council of each islands area to consult with such
voluntary bodies as the council considers appropriate
and as agree to participate in the consultations,
about the steps which the regional or islands council and each of
the bodies with which it consulted (including, in the case of a
regional council, each district council ) is to take for the purpose
of abating litter in the region or, as the case may be, islands
area ; and it shall be the duty of the regional or islands council-
(i) to prepare and from time to time revise a statement
of the steps which the regional or islands council and
each of the bodies agrees to take for the purpose ;
(ii) to take such steps as in its opinion will give adequate
publicity in its area to the statement ; and
(iii) to keep a copy of the statement available at its principal
office for inspection by the public free of charge at all
reasonable hours.
PART I
( 4) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the
Treasury make grants to any body for the purpose of assisting
the body to encourage the public not to deface places in Great
Britain by litter.
Supplemental
25.-(1) Where the Coal Commission or the National Coal Disposal
Board ( hereafter in this section referred to respectively as 66
ofwaste
the underground
Commission " and " the Board ") or any licensees of the Com- by Coal
mission or the Board have, in the course of operations carried Board etc.
on for coal-mining purposes, exercised in respect of any under-
ground land a right conferred on the Commission or the Board
or the licensees by virtue of section 15 of the Coal Act 1938 1938 с. 52.
( under which the Commission had and the Board have among
other things subject to the restrictions mentioned in that section ,
B3
c . 40
998 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
1938 с. 52.
Outfall pipes
for sewage
disposal
works.
1945 с. 42.
the right in the course of such operations to enter and to execute
works and do the other acts there mentioned in underground
land not vested in them), that section shall have effect in relation
to the land as if the reference to coal-mining purposes included
the purposes of disposing of waste.
(2) The preceding subsection shall apply to any underground
land which-
( a ) is neither land included in a mine of coal which is vested
in the Board nor land to which the said section 15 as
modified by the preceding subsection applies apart
from this subsection ; but
( b) is included in the boundaries of a cavity adjacent to such
land as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph,
as if the Board had, in the course of such operations as are
mentioned in the preceding subsection, exercised such a right
as is so mentioned in respect of the underground land.
( 3) Paragraph (e) of the proviso to the said section 15 (which
provides that the Board and its licensees shall not by virtue of
that section be entitled to do any act which apart from that
section would be actionable as a trespass or nuisance and likely
to cause damage of more than a nominal amount ) shall not
apply to any right exercisable by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) or ( 2)
of this section ; but a person having an interest in any under-
ground land who suffers damage by reference to that interest in
consequence of the exercise of such a right shall be entitled to
recover compensation from the Board in respect of the damage
if the amount of the compensation will exceed £50, and any
dispute as to a person's entitlement to compensation in pursuance
of this subsection or as to the amount of the compensation shall
be determined by arbitration.
( 4 ) The Board and any licensees of the Board shall not be
entitled by virtue of subsection ( 1) or (2) of this section to
exercise any right in respect of any underground land unless they
have, not less than twenty- eight days before exercising the right,
published in a local newspaper circulating in the locality in
which the land is situated a notice specifying the right and
indicating the location of the land and a place in the said locality
at which a plan showing the location of the land may be
inspected by the public free of charge at all reasonable hours.
(5) Expressions used in this section and Part I of the Coal
Act 1938 have the same meanings in this section as in that Part.
26.-(1) Parts V and VI of Schedule 3 to the Water Act
1945 (which relate to the laying of mains and the breaking up
of streets) shall apply in relation to outfall pipes and associated
works which are provided or to be provided by a water authority
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 999
for sewage disposal works belonging to the authority as those
PART I
Parts apply in relation to water mains and pipes but as if in
those Parts there were made the modifications specified in
paragraphs (a ) to (c) of section 12(7) of this Act.
( 2) This section does not apply to Scotland.
27.-( 1 ) No person shall sort over or disturb-
Interference
with refuse
( a ) anything deposited at a place provided by a disposal tips and
authority or a collection authority for the deposit of dustbins etc.
waste or in a receptacle for waste which is provided
by such an authority or a parish or community council
for public use ; or
( b) the contents of any receptacle for waste which, in
accordance with regulations made by virtue of section
13( 7) of this Act, is placed on any highway or in any
other place with a view to its being emptied,
unless he is authorised to do so by the authority or council in
the case of anything deposited as mentioned in paragraph (a)
above or, in the case of such a receptacle as is mentioned in
paragraph (b) above, unless he is a person entitled to the custody
of the receptacle or is authorised to do so by such a person or
is a person having the function of emptying the receptacle.
In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for the
references to a parish or community council there shall be
substituted references to a highway authority within the meaning
of the Roads ( Scotland) Act 1970.
1970 с. 20.
( 2) A person who contravenes any of the provisions of the
preceding subsection shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine of an amount not exceeding £100.
28.-( 1 ) Where an authority provides pipes in pursuance of Supple-
section 12(6), 14 (5), 15(2) , 21 (4) or 26 of this Act, it shall be the mentary
duty of the authority- provisions
relating to
( a) except where the authority is a collection authority and pipes.
the pipes are situated in its area, to send to the collec-
tion authority in whose area the pipes are situated a
map in the prescribed form showing the location of the
pipes ; and
( b) where the authority is a collection authority and the
pipes are situated in its area, to prepare such a map ;
and it shall be the duty of an authority by which a map is
received in pursuance of paragraph ( a) of this subsection or is
prepared in pursuance of paragraph (b) of this subsection to
secure that a copy of the map is available at its principal offices
B4
с . 40
1000 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART I
1936 с. 49.
1968 с. 47.
Modification
ofParts I and
II to avoid
duplication
ofcontrol.
Inter-
pretation etc.
ofPart I.
for inspection by the public free of charge at all reasonable
hours.
In the application of this subsection to Scotland, the words
" the authority is a collection authority and " in paragraphs (a)
and (b) shall be omitted.
(2 ) Section 25 of the Public Health Act 1936 (under which
the erection of buildings over a sewer or drain may be pre-
vented or controlled by a local authority or, on appeal, by a
magistrates' court) shall have effect as if references to a drain
included any pipe provided as mentioned in the preceding sub-
section and as if the reference to the map of sewers required by
that Act to be kept deposited at the offices of an authority
included any map required by the preceding subsection to be
kept available at the offices of the authority.
( 3) Section 21 of the Sewerage (Scotland ) Act 1968 (under
which the erection of buildings over a sewer vested in a local
authority may be prevented or controlled by the authority or,
on appeal, by the sheriff ) shall have effect as if the reference
to a sewer vested in a local authority included any pipe provided
as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.
( 4) References to pipes in the preceding provisions of this
section include associated works.
29. The Secretary of State may by regulations make such
modifications of this Part of this Act and Part II of this Act as
he considers appropriate with a view to securing that the pro-
visions of one but not both of those Parts apply to prescribed
acts and omissions.
30.-( 1 ) Subject to the following subsection, in this Part of this
Act-
" associated works ", in relation to pipes, means any of the
following connected with the pipes, namely, any valve,
filter, stopcock, pump, inspection chamber and man-
hole and such other works as are prescribed ;
" collecton authority "
means the council of a district or
a London borough, the Common Council of the City
of London, the Sub-Treasurer of the Inner Temple and
the Under Treasurer of the Middle Temple and
"
English collection authority " means a collection
authority of which the area is in England ;
66
ود
controlled waste means household, industrial and com-
mercial waste or any such waste ;
66
disposal authority ' means the council of a county in
England, the council of a district in Wales and the
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1001
Greater London Council, " English disposal authority "
PART I
means a disposal authority of which the area is in
England and " relevant disposal authority ", in relation
to an English collection authority, means the disposal
authority of which the area includes that of the
collection authority ;
"
disposal licence " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 3 (1) of this Act, and " holder " in relation to
such a licence shall be construed in accordance with
section 8(3) of this Act ;
" private dwelling " means-
( a ) a hereditament or premises used wholly for
the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings
as determined in accordance with Schedule 13 to
the General Rate Act 1967 ; and
1967 с. 9.
( b) a caravan as defined in section 29( 1) of the
Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960 1960 с. 62.
( disregarding the amendment made by section 13(2)
of the Caravan Sites Act 1968) which usually and for 1968 с. 52.
the time being is situated on a caravan site within
the meaning of that Act ;
"
" relevant land means
( a ) in relation to a proposal to issue a disposal
licence, the land on which activities may be carried
on inpursuanceof the licence if it is issued in accor-
dance with the proposal ; and
( b) in relation to a disposal licence, the land on
which activities may be carried on in pursuance of
the licence,
and references to land in the preceding paragraphs
include such water as is mentioned in section 4( 4) of
this Act;
" waste " includes-
( a ) any substance which constitutes a scrap
material or an effluent or other unwanted surplus
substance arising from the application of any
process ; and
( b ) any substance or article which requires to be
disposed of as being broken, worn out, contaminated
or otherwise spoiled,
but does not include a substance which is an explosive
within the meaning of the Explosives Act 1875 ;
1875 с. 17.and for the purposes of this Part of this Act any thing which is
discarded or otherwise dealt with as if it were waste shall be
presumed to be waste unless the contrary is proved.
1002 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART I
1960 с. 62.
1961 с. 34.
1947 с. 48.
1948 с. 45.
( 2 ) In the application of this Part of this Act to Scotland-
" collection authority " means an islands or district council ;
"
disposal authority " means an islands or district council ;
" private dwelling " means-
( a) lands and heritages used wholly or mainly for
the purposes of a private dwelling or private
dwellings ; and
(b) a caravan as defined in section 29( 1 ) of the
Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960
which usually and for the time being is situated on
a caravan site within the meaning of that Act ;
Scottish collection authority " means a collection authority
of which the area is in Scotland ;
"
Scottish disposal authority " means a disposal authority
of which the area is in Scotland.
( 3) Subject to the following subsection, for the purposes of
this Part of this Act-
( a ) household waste consists of waste from a private
dwelling or residential home or from premises forming
part of a university or school or other educational estab-
lishment or forming part of a hospital or nursing
home ;
(b) industrial waste consists of waste from any factory
within the meaning of the Factories Act 1961 and
any premises occupied by a body corporate established
by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying
on under national ownership any industry or part of
an industry or any undertaking, excluding waste from
any mine or quarry ; and
( c ) commercial waste consists of waste from premises used
wholly or mainly for the purposes of a trade or busi-
ness or the purposes of sport, recreation or entertain-
ment excluding-
(i ) household and industrial waste, and
( ii ) waste from any mine or quarry and waste
from premises used for agriculture within the mean-
ing of the Agriculture Act 1947 or, in Scotland, the
Agriculture (Scotland ) Act 1948, and
(iii) waste of any other description prescribed for
the purposes of this sub-paragraph.
( 4 ) Regulations may provide that waste of a prescribed des-
cription shall be treated for the purposes of prescribed provisions
of this Part of this Act as being or not being household waste
or industrial waste or commercial waste; but no regulations
Control of Pollution Act 1974 c . 40
1003
shall be made by virtue of the preceding provisions of this
PART I
subsection in respect of such waste as is mentioned in paragraph
( c) (ii) of the preceding subsection and references in those pro-
visions and in the preceding subsection to waste do not include
sewage except so far as regulations provide otherwise.
In this subsection " sewage " includes matter in or from a
privy within the meaning of section 12( 5) of this Act.
( 5) Except as provided by regulations made by virtue of this
subsection, nothing in this Part of this Act applies to radioactive
waste within the meaning of the Radioactive Substances Act 1960 с. 34.
1960 ; but regulations may-
( a) provide for prescribed provisions of this Part of this
Act to have effect with such modifications as the Sec-
retary of State considers appropriate for the purposes
of dealing with such radioactive waste ;
(b) make such modifications of the said Act of 1960 and
any other Act as the Secretary of State considers
appropriate in consequence of the passing of this Part
of this Act or in connection with regulations made by
virtue of the preceding paragraph .
PART II
POLLUTION OF WATER
Control of entry of polluting matter and effluents into water
31.-(1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of this section, a Control of
person shall be guilty of an offence if he causes or knowingly pollution of
permits-
rivers and
coastal waters
( a) any poisonous, noxious or polluting matter to enter any
etc.stream or controlled waters or any specified under-
ground water (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred
to collectively as " relevant waters ") ; or
(b) any matter to enter a stream so as to tend (either directly
or in combination with other matter which he or
another person causes or permits to enter the stream )
to impede the proper flow of the water of the stream
in a manner leading or likely to lead to a substantial
aggravation of pollution due to other causes or of the
consequences of such pollution ; or
( c ) any solid waste matter to enter a stream or restricted
waters.
1004 c .40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
1945 с. 42.
1946 с. 42.
1974 с. 30.
( 2 ) A person shall not be guilty of an offence by virtue of
the preceding subsection if-
( a) the entry in question is authorised by, or is a conse-
quence of an act authorised by, a disposal licence or
a consent given by the Secretary of State or a water
authority in pursuance of this Act and the entry or
act is in accordance with the conditions, if any, to
which the licence or consent is subject ; or
( b) the entry in question is authorised by, or is a conse-
quence of an act authorised by-
(i) section 34 of the Water Act 1945 or, in Scotland,
section 50 of the Water (Scotland) Act 1946 ( which
among other things relate to temporary discharges
by water undertakers and corresponding Scottish
authorities in connection with the construction of
works) or any prescribed enactment, or
(ii) any provision of a local Act or statutory order
which expressly confers power to discharge effluent
into water, or
(iii) any licence granted under the Dumping at Sea
Act 1974 ; or
( c ) the entry in question is attributable to an act or omission
which is in accordance with good agricultural practice
other than an act or omission which-
( i ) is of a kind specified in a notice which is in
force when the entry occurs and which was served in
pursuance of subsection (3) (a) of section 51 of this
Act on the occupier or any previous occupier of
the place where the act or omission occurs, and
(ii ) occurs after the expiration of the period of
twenty- eight days beginning with the date entered
in the register mentioned in subsection ( 4) of that
section as the date of service of the notice ; or
( d ) the entry in question is caused or permitted in an emer-
gency in order to avoid danger to the public and, as
soon as reasonably practicable after the entry occurs,
particulars of the entry are furnished to the water
authority in whose area it occurs ; or
(e) the matter in question is trade or sewage effluent dis-
charged as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection ( 1 )
of the following section or matter discharged as men-
tioned in paragraph (b) or (c) of that subsection and
the entry in question is not from a vessel ;
and a person shall not be guilty of an offence by virtue of the
preceding subsection by reason only of his permitting water from
an abandoned mine to enter relevant waters .
Control of Pollution Act 1974 с. 40
1005
( 3) A person shall not by virtue of paragraph (b) or (c) of
subsection ( 1) of this section be guilty of an offence by reason
of his depositing the solid refuse of a mine or quarry on any
land so that it falls or is carried into a stream or restricted waters
if-
(a ) he deposits the refuse on the land with the consent
( which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the water
authority in whose area the land is situated ; and
(b) no other site for the deposit is reasonably practicable ;
and
(c ) he takes all reasonably practicable steps to prevent the
refuse from entering the stream or restricted waters.
( 4 ) Provision may be made by regulations as to the precau-
tions to be taken, by any person having the custody or control
of any poisonous, noxious or polluting matter, for the purpose
of preventing the matter from entering any relevant waters ;
and the regulations may provide that a contravention of the
regulations shall be an offence and may prescribe the maximum
penalty for the offence .
(5 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that, with a view
to preventing poisonous, noxious or polluting matter from
entering any relevant waters, it is appropriate to prohibit or
restrict the carrying on in a particular area of activities which
he considers are likely to result in pollution of the waters, then,
subject to section 104( 3) of this Act, he may by regulations-
( a ) designate that area ; and
(b) provide that prescribed activities shall not be carried on
at any place within the area except with the consent
( which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the
water authority in whose area the place is situated
and in accordance with any reasonable conditions
towhich the consent is subject ; and
(c) provide that a contravention of the regulations shall be
an offence and prescribe the maximum penalty for the
offence.
( 6) A water authority may by byelaws make such provision
as the authority considers appropriate for prohibiting or regulat-
ing the washing or cleaning, in any stream or controlled waters in
its area, of things of a kind specified in the byelaws ; and a person
who contravenes any byelaws made by virtue of this subsection
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £200 or such smaller sum as is specified
in the byelaws.
PART II
1006 c.40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
Control of
discharges of
trade and
sewage
effluent etc
into rivers
and coastal
waters etc.
( 7 ) A person guilty of an offence by virtue of paragraph (a) or
(b) of subsection ( 1) of this section shall be liable
( a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding £ 400
or both ;
(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or a fine or both ;
and a person guilty of an offence by virtue of paragraph (c) of
that subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £200.
( 8) The maximum penalties prescribed in pursuance of sub-
sections (4) and (5) of this section shall not exceed the penalties
specified in paragraphs (a) and ( b) of the preceding subsection
and, in the case of a continuing offence punishable on summary
conviction, £50 for each day on which the offence continues
after conviction for the offence.
( 9 ) In subsection (2) of this section-
66 disposal licence " has the same meaning as in Part I of
thisAct;
" local Act " includes enactments in a public general Act
which amend a local Act ;
66
statutory order ود
means an order, byelaw, scheme or award
made under an Act of Parliament, including an order
or scheme confirmed by Parliament or brought into
operation in accordance with special parliamentary
procedure ;
and for the purposes of paragraph (c ) of that subsection any
practice recommended in a code approved for the purposes of
that paragraph by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food or, in Scotland, by the Secretary of State shall, without
prejudice to any evidence that any further practice is good
agricultural practice, be deemed to be good agricultural practice.
32.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (3) to (5 ) of this section, a
person shall be guilty of an offence if he causes or knowingly
permits-
(a) any trade effluent or sewage effluent to be discharged-
(i ) into any relevant waters, or
( ii ) from land in Great Britain through a pipe
into the sea outside controlled waters, or
(iii ) from a building or from plant on to or into
any land or into any lake, loch or pond which does
not discharge into a stream ; or
( b) any matter other than trade or sewage effluent to be
discharged into relevant waters from a sewer as defined
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1007
by section 343 of the Public Health Act 1936 or, in
Scotland, by section 59( 1) of the Sewerage (Scotland) 1936 с. 49.
Act 1968 or from a drain as so defined ; or PART II
1968 с. 47.
( c) any matter other than trade or sewage effluent to be
discharged into relevant waters from a drain which a
highway authority or other person is entitled to keep
open by virtue of section 103 of the Highways Act 1959 с. 25.
1959, or in Scotland from works which a highway
authority is obliged or entitled to keep open by virtue
of section 10 of the Roads (Scotland) Act 1970, and 1970 c. 20.
in respect of which the water authority in whose area
the discharge occurs has, not later than the beginning
of the period of three months ending with the date of
the discharge, served on the highway authority or
other person a notice stating that this paragraph is to
apply to the drain or works,
unless the discharge is made with the consent in pursuance of
section 34 of this Act of the water authority in whose area the
discharge occurs (or, in a case falling within paragraph ( a) (ii) of
this subsection, of the water authority whose area includes the
point at which the pipe passes or first passes into or under
controlled waters from the sea outside them ) and is in accord-
ance with the conditions, if any, to which the consent is subject.
(2) Where any sewage effluent is discharged as mentioned in
paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection from any works or
sewer vested in a water authority and the authority did not
cause or knowingly permit the discharge but was bound to
receive into the works or sewer, either unconditionally or subject
to conditions which were observed, matter included in the
discharge, the authority shall be deemed for the purposes of that
subsection to have caused the discharge.
(3) The Secretary of State may-
( a ) by an order made before subsection ( 1) of this section
comes into force provide that that subsection shall not ,
while the order is in force, apply to discharges which are
of a kind or in an area specified in the order and for
which, if this Act had not been passed, consent in
pursuance of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Acts
1951 to 1961 or the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)
( Scotland ) Acts 1951 and 1965 or section 72 of the
Water Resources Act 1963 would not have been 1963 с. 38.
required ;
( b) by order vary or revoke any order in force by virtue of
the preceding paragraph ;
and an order made by virtue of this subsection may require
any water authority specified in the order to publish in a manner
so specified such information about the order as is so specified.
c . 40
1008 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
1974 с. 20.
1968 с. 47.
Control of
sanitary
appliances on
vessels.
( 4) Subsection ( 1) of this section shall not apply to any
discharge which-
( a ) is from a vessel ; or
( b) is authorised by a licence granted under the Dumping
at Sea Act 1974 ; or
(c) is caused or permitted in an emergency in order to avoid
danger to the public if , as soon as reasonably practic-
able after the discharge occurs, particulars of the dis-
charge are furnished to the water authority in whose
area it occurs.
(5) A water authority shall not be guilty of an offence by
virtue of subsection ( 1) of this section by reason only of the fact
that a discharge from a sewer or works vested in the authority
contravenes conditions of a consent relating to the discharge
if-
( a) the contravention is attributable to a discharge which
another person caused or permitted to be made into the
sewer or works ; and
( b) the authority either was not bound to receive the dis-
charge into the sewer or works or was bound to receive
it there subject to conditions but the conditions were
not observed ; and
( c) the authority could not reasonably have been expected
to prevent the discharge into the sewer or works ;
and a person shall not be guilty of such an offence in conse-
quence of a discharge which he caused or permitted to be made
into a sewer or works vested in a water authority if the authority
was bound to receive the discharge there either unconditionally
or subject to conditions which were observed.
( 6 ) In the application of subsection (2) of this section and the
preceding subsection to Scotland, for the references to a water
authority there shall be substituted references to a local autho-
rity within the meaning of the Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968.
( 7) A person who is guilty of an offence by virtue of sub-
section ( 1 ) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a
fine not exceeding £400 or both or on conviction on indictment
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine or
both.
33.-( 1) A water authority may by byelaws make such pro-
vision as the authority considers appropriate for prohibiting or
regulating the keeping or use, on a stream or restricted waters
in the area of the authority, of vessels of a kind specified in the
byelaws which are provided with sanitary appliances ; and a
с. 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1009
person who contravenes any byelaw made by virtue of this
PART II
section shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) The Secretary of State may by order provide that any
byelaws specified in the order which were made by virtue of
section 5( 1 ) (c) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951 1951 с. 64.
( which, as extended in pursuance of section 6 of that Act,
relates to the keeping on streams and other waters of vessels
provided with sanitary appliances) or of section 25(1 )( c) of the
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act 1951 ( which 1951 c. 66.
makes corresponding provision with respect to streams in
Scotland ) shall have effect, with such modifications (if any) as
are so specified, as if made by virtue of the preceding subsection .
( 3) A person who, after the end of the year 1978, keeps or
uses on a stream any vessel provided with a sanitary appliance
shall, subject to subsection (8) of this section, be guilty of an
offence ; and at the end of that year the words " a stream or "
in subsection (1) of this section shall cease to have effect .
( 4) The Secretary of State and the Minister of Agriculture,
Fisheries and Food acting jointly or, in relation to Scotland,
the Secretary of State may, by an order made after the end
of the year 1978 on the application of a water authority or
harbour authority, provide that a person who keeps or uses,
on any restricted waters in the area of the authority which
are specified in the order, any vessel provided with a sanitary
appliance shall, subject to subsection (8) of this section, be
guilty of an offence ; and when an order is in force by virtue
of the preceding provisions of this subsection in relation to any
restricted waters, then-
( a) subsection ( 1) of this section shall not apply in relation
to the waters ; and
( b) the said Ministers acting jointly or, in relation to
Scotland, the Secretary of State may, on the application
of or after giving notice to the authority on whose
application the order was made, by order revoke the
order.
( 5 ) The said Ministers acting jointly or, in relation to
Scotland, the Secretary of State may-
( a ) by order provide that so much of any stream as is
specified in the order shall be disregarded for the
purposes of subsection (3) of this section and treated
as restricted waters for the purposes of the preceding
subsection ; and
(b) by order revoke or vary any order in force by virtue of
the preceding paragraph.
c .40
1010 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
1963 с. 38.
1946 с. 42.
( 6 ) In relation to England and Wales paragraphs 1 to 6
of Schedule 8 to the Water Resources Act 1963 ( which among
other things provide for the publication of a draft of an order
to authorise the execution of works, the gazetting of notices
relating to the draft order, the furnishing of copies of the draft,
the making of an order in the terms of the draft or in those
terms with alterations and the making and consideration of
objections relating to the draft or alterations) shall have effect
in relation to an application for an order in pursuance of sub-
section (4) of this section (except subsection (4)(b)) as those para-
graphs have effect in relation to an application for such an order
as is mentioned in the said paragraph 1 but with the
substitution-
(a) for any reference to the Secretary of State of a reference
to him and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Food acting jointly ;
( b) for any reference to a water authority of a reference
to a harbour authority in a case where the application
in question is made by a harbour authority ;
( c ) for any reference to the locality where the operations
are to be carried out of a reference to the area of
the applicant ;
( d ) for any reference to a period of twenty-eight or twenty-
five days of a reference to a period of six weeks ; and
( e ) for the words from " engineering " onwards in para-
graph 2(a) of the words " waters specified in the draft
are situated ",
and as if paragraph 2( b) were omitted.
( 7 ) In relation to Scotland paragraphs 1 to 6 of Part I of
Schedule 1 to the Water ( Scotland ) Act 1946 (which make pro-
vision with respect to the procedure for the making of certain
orders under that Act ) shall have effect in relation to an
application for an order in pursuance of subsection ( 4) of this
section (except subsection ( 4) (b)) as those paragraphs have effect
in relation to an application for an order to which the said
Part I applies, but with the following modifications-
(a ) for any reference to a period of twenty-eight or twenty-
five days there shall be substituted a reference to a
period of six weeks ;
"
( b ) in paragraph 2( i), for the words water authority,
regional council, district council and water develop-
ment board for every area comprised wholly or partly
in the area affected by the order " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " council of each region or district
in which the waters specified in the draft order, or
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1011
any part thereof, are situated, and on such other bodies or persons as the Secretary of State may direct " ;
( c) paragraph 2(ii) shall be omitted ;
( d ) in paragraph 3, for the words " districts comprised
wholly or partly in the area affected by the order "
there shall be substituted the words " areas in which
the waters specified in the draft order, or any part
thereof, are situated " ;
( e ) in paragraph 6, for the words " authority or board or
undertakers " there shall be substituted the words
" council, body or person "
PART II
( 8) At and after the end of the year 1978 it shall be the duty
of each water authority to make arrangements for the fixing ,
at the request of a person in charge of a vessel provided with a
sanitary appliance, of a seal to the vessel or appliance in such
a manner that while the seal is affixed matter cannot pass from
the appliance into the water on which the vessel is for the
time being situated ; and while a seal is affixed to a vessel or
appliance in pursuance of the arrangements, the appliance to
which the seal relates shall be disregarded for the purposes of
subsections (3) and (4 ) of this section .
( 9) Provision may be made by regulations for requiring a
person who in prescribed circumstances hires out for payment to
another person any vessel provided with a sanitary appliance to
give to the other person notice in a prescribed form of prescribed
provisions made by or under this section ; and a person who
fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him by virtue of
this subsection shall be guilty of an offence.
( 10) In this section-
" harbour authority " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 57( 1 ) of the Harbours Act 1964 ; and
" sanitary appliance " means a water closet or other
prescribed appliance (except a sink, a bath and a
shower-bath) which is designed to permit polluting
matter to pass into the water on which the vessel in
question is for the time being situated ;
and a port health authority shall have power to make such
arrangements with a water authority as are mentioned in sub-
section (8) of this section.
(11) A person guilty of an offence by virtue of any of the
preceding provisions of this section shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine of an amount not exceeding £200.
1964с.40.
c.40
1012 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
Consents for
discharges of
trade and
sewage effluent etc.
Consents for discharges
34.-( 1 ) An application to a water authority for consent in
pursuance of this section for discharges of any effluent or other
matter shall state-
( a ) the place at which it is proposed to make the discharges
to which the application relates ;
( b) the nature and composition of the matter proposed to
be discharged and the maximum temperature of it at
the time when it is proposed to be discharged ;
( c ) the maximum quantity of the matter which it is pro-
posed to discharge on any one day and the highest
rate at which it is proposed to discharge it ;
and a water authority may if it thinks fit treat an application
for consent for discharges at two or more places as separate
applications for consent for discharges at each of those places.
( 2) Subject to the following section, it shall be the duty of
a water authority to which an application for consent is made
in pursuance of this section-
( a) to give the consent either unconditionally or subject to
conditions or to refuse it ; and
( b) not to withhold the consent unreasonably ;
and if within the period of three months beginning with the
date when an application for consent is received by a water
authority, or within such longer period as may at any time
be agreed upon in writing between the authority and the
applicant, the authority has neither given nor refused the con-
sent nor informed the applicant that the application has been
transmitted to the Secretary of State in pursuance of the follow-
ing section, the authority shall be deemed to have refused the
consent.
( 3 ) If it appears to a water authority that a person has,
without the authority's consent, caused or permitted matter to
be discharged in its area in contravention of section 32(1 ) of this
Act and that a similar contravention by that person is likely,
the authority may if it thinks fit serve on him an instrument in
writing giving its consent , subject to conditions specified in the
instrument, for discharges of a kind so specified; but consent
given in pursuance of this subsection shall not relate to any dis-
charge which occurred before the instrument giving the consent
was served on the recipient of the instrument.
( 4 ) The conditions subject to which a water authority may give
its consent in pursuance of this section shall be such reasonable
conditions as the authority thinks fit ; and without prejudice to
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1013
the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection those
PART II
conditions may include reasonable conditions-
( a) as to the places at which the discharges to which the
consent relates may be made and as to the design and
construction of any outlets for the discharges ;
( b) as to the nature, composition, temperature, volume and
rate of the discharges and as to the periods during
which the discharges may be made ;
( c ) as to the provision of facilities for taking samples of the
matter discharged and in particular as to the provision,
maintenance and use of manholes, inspection chambers,
observation wells and boreholes in connection with the
discharges ;
( d ) as to the provision, maintenance and testing of meters
for measuring the volume and rate of the discharges
and apparatus for determining the nature, composi-
tion and temperature of the discharges ;
(e) as to the keeping of records of the nature, composition,
temperature, volume and rate of the discharges and
in particular of records of readings of meters and
other recording apparatus provided in accordance with
any other condition attached to the consent ;
( f ) as to the making of returns and the giving of other
information to the water authority about the nature,
composition, temperature, volume and rate of the
discharges ; and
( g ) as to the steps to be taken for preventing the discharges
from coming into contact with any specified under-
ground water ;
and it is hereby declared that consent may be given in pursuance
of this section subject to different conditions in respect of
different periods.
(5) A person who, in an application for consent in pursuance
of this section, makes any statement which he knows to be
false in a material particular or recklessly makes any statement
which is false in a material particular shall be guilty of an
offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceed-
ing £ 400 or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding two years or a fine or both.
35.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, either in consequence Reference to
of representations made to him or otherwise, direct a water Secretary of
authority to transmit to him for determination applications for State of certain applications
consent inpursuance of the preceding section which are specified for consent.
in the direction or are of a kind so specified, and it shall be the
1014 c .40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
duty of the authority to comply with the direction and to inform
each relevant applicant that his application has been transmitted
to the Secretary of State.
(2) Before determining an application transmitted to him by
a water authority in pursuance of this section the Secretary of
State may if he thinks fit, and shall if a request to be heard with
respect to the application is made to him in accordance with
regulations by the applicant or the authority, cause a local
inquiry to be held in pursuance of section 96 of this Act into the
application or afford to the applicant and the authority an
opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person
appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.
(3) Where in pursuance of the preceding subsection the
Secretary of State affords to an applicant and a water authority
an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person
with respect to the application in question, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of State to afford an opportunity of appearing
before and being heard by that person to any person who, in
pursuance of subsection ( 1)(c) or (5) of the following section, has
made representations relating to the application.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to determine
an application transmitted to him by a water authority in
pursuance of this section by directing the authority to refuse
its consent in pursuance of the preceding section in consequence
of the application or to give the consent either unconditionally
or subject to such conditions as are specified in the direction,
and it shall be the duty of the authority to comply with the
direction.
Provisions
36.-( 1 ) Where a water authority receives an application for
supplementary consent in pursuance of section 34 of this Act or serves an
to ss. 34 and
35 . instrument in pursuance of subsection (3) of that section, it
shall be the duty of the authority, before deciding whether to
give or refuse consent in pursuance of the application or, as
the case may be, after serving the instrument-
( a ) to publish in the prescribed form notice of the applica-
tion or instrument in two successive weeks in a news-
paper or newspapers circulating in-
(i) the area or areas in which the places are
situated at which it is proposed in the application
that the discharges should be made or, as the case
may be, at which discharges are the subject of con-
sent given by the instrument, and
(ii ) the area or areas appearing to the water
authority to be in the vicinity of any stream or
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1015
c .40
controlled waters which the authority considers
likely to be affected by the discharges,
and, not earlier than the day following that on which
the first publication of the notice is completed in all
relevant areas in pursuance of the preceding provisions
of this paragraph, to publish such a notice in the
London Gazette ;
( b) to send copies of the application or instrument to each
local authority in whose area it is proposed in the
application that a discharge should be made or in whose
area a discharge is the subject of consent given by the
instrument and, in the case of an application or instru-
ment relating to controlled waters or an application
relating to the sea outside controlled waters, to the
Secretary of State and the Minister of Agriculture,
Fisheries and Food ; and
( c ) to consider any written representations relating to the
application or instrument which are made to the
authority by any person within the period of six weeks
beginning with the date on which the notice of the
application or instrument is published in the London
Gazette ;
and for the purposes of this subsection " local authority " means
the council of a county or district, the Greater London Council,
the council of a London borough and the Common Council
of the City of London, and any place at sea at which it is pro-
posed in an application that a discharge should be made shall
be treated as situated at the point on land nearest to that place .
( 2 ) In the application ofthe preceding subsection to Scotland-
( a) the reference to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries
and Food shall be omitted ; and
( b) " local authority " means a regional or district council .
(3) Where notice of an application is published by a water
authority in pursuance of subsection ( 1 ) (a) of this section, the
authority shall be entitled to recover the cost of publication from
the applicant .
( 4) A water authority shall be entitled to disregard the pro-
visions of subsection ( 1) of this section in relation to an applica-
tion ( except so much of paragraph ( b) of that subsection as
requires copies of the application to be sent to Ministers)
if the authority proposes to give consent in pursuance of the
application and considers that the discharges in question will
have no appreciable effect on the water into which they are pro-
posed to be made.
(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect
with prescribed modifications in relation to an application
PART II
c. 40
1016 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II which is the subject of a direction in pursuance of subsection ( 1 )
of the preceding section.
(6) Where a water authority proposes to give consent in
pursuance of section 34 of this Act in consequence of an
application in respect of which representations have been made
in pursuance of subsection ( 1 ) (c) of this section, then-
( a ) it shall be the duty of the authority to serve notice of the
proposal on the person who made the representations
and to include in the notice a statement of the effect
of the following paragraph ; and
( b) that person may, within the period of twenty- one days
beginning with the day on which the notice of the
proposal is served on him, request the Secretary of
State in accordance with regulations to give a direction
in pursuance of subsection ( 1) of the preceding section
in respect of the application ; and
(c ) it shall be the duty of the authority not to give consent
in consequence of the application before the expiration
of that period and, if within that period the said person
makes a request in pursuance of the preceding para-
graph and serves notice of the request on the authority,
not to give consent in pursuance of the application
unless the Secretary of State has given notice to the
authority that he declines to comply with the request ;
and in calculating in the case of any application the period of
three months mentioned in section 34( 2) of this Act or a longer
period there mentioned there shall be disregarded any period
during which the water authority to which the application was
made is prohibited by virtue of paragraph (c ) of this subsection
from giving consent in consequence of the application .
( 7) A consent for any discharges which is given in pursuance
of section 34 of this Act is not limited to discharges by a
particular person and accordingly extends to the discharges in
question which are made by any person.
( 8) Regulations may provide that conditions of a prescribed
kind to which a consent given in pursuance of section 34 of
this Act is subject shall be disregarded for the purposes of
sections 31 (2) ( a) , 32( 1 ) and 54 of this Act.
( 9) A person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply
with a condition which by virtue of the preceding subsection
is to be disregarded for the purposes there mentioned shall be
guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £ 400 ; but no proceedings for such an offence
shall be brought in England and Wales except by or with the
consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions or by the water
authority which gave the consent.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1017
37.- (1 ) It shall be the duty of a water authority by which a PART II
consent is given in pursuance of section 34 of this Act to Revocation of
review from time to time the consent and the conditions, if any, consents and
alteration and
to which the consent is subject ; and subject to the following impositionof
section the authority may, by a notice served on the person conditions.
making a discharge in pursuance of the consent, revoke the
consent if it is reasonable to do so or make reasonable modifica-
tions of the said conditions or, in the case of an unconditional
consent, provide that it shall be subject to reasonable conditions
specified in the notice.
( 2) Subject to the following section, the Secretary of State
may, either in consequence of representations made to him or
otherwise, direct a water authority to serve a notice in pursuance
of the preceding subsection containing such provisions as are
specified in the direction and it shall be the duty of the authority
to comply with the direction ; and if the authority fails to
serve the notice within such period as the Secretary of State
may allow he may, without prejudice to the generality of the
powers conferred on him by section 97 of this Act or, in
Scotland, section 211 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 с. 65.
1973, serve the notice on behalf of the authority, and it is hereby
declared that for the purposes of this Part of this Act a notice
served on behalf of an authority by virtue of this subsection is
served by the authority.
38.-( 1 ) Each instrument signifying the consent of a water Restriction
authority in pursuance of section 34 of this Act shall specify a on variation
period during which no notice in pursuance of subsection ( 1) and
of the preceding section is to be served in respect of the revocation of
consent and
consent without the written agreement of a person making a dis- ofprevious
charge in pursuance of the consent ; and the said period shall be variation.
a reasonable period of not less than two years beginning with
the day on which the consent takes effect.
( 2 ) Each notice served by a water authority in pursuance of
subsection ( 1 ) of the preceding section (except a notice which
only revokes a consent or conditions) shall specify a period
during which a subsequent notice in pursuance of that subsection
which alters the effect of the first-mentioned notice is not to be
served without the written agreement of a person making a dis-
charge in pursuance of the consent to which the first -mentioned
notice relates ; and the said period shall be a reasonable period
of not less than two years beginning with the day on which the
first - mentioned notice is served.
( 3) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall
prohibit a notice in pursuance of subsection ( 1) of the preceding
section from being served by a water authority, without
such written agreement as is mentioned in those provisions
c .40
1018 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
Appeals to
Secretary of
State.
and during the period specified in any relevant instrument or
notice by virtue of those provisions, if the authority ( or, in the
case of a notice served by virtue of subsection ( 2) of that section ,
the Secretary of State) considers-
( a ) that it is necessary to serve the notice in order to pro-
vide proper protection for persons likely to be affected
by discharges which could lawfully be made apart from
the notice ; or
( b) in the case of a notice relating to a consent given by
an instrument served in pursuance of subsection (3)
of section 34 of this Act, that it is appropriate to serve
the notice in consequence of representations received
in pursuance of section 36( 1) of this Act with respect
to the instrument.
( 4) Where a notice is served by an authority by virtue of the
preceding subsection, the authority shall be liable to pay com-
pensation to the recipient of the notice unless it is served in
pursuance of the said subsection ( 1) and not by virtue of the said
subsection ( 2) and either-
( a) it states that in the opinion of the authority the notice
is required--
( i) in consequence of a change of circumstances
( which may include a change in the information
available as to the discharges to which the notice
relates or as to the interaction of those discharges
with other discharges or matter) which has occurred
since the day mentioned in subsection (1) or, as the
case may be, subsection (2) of this section and could
not reasonably have been foreseen on that day, and
(ii) otherwise than in consequence of consents
given in pursuance of the said section 34 after that
day,
and states the reasons for the opinion ; or
( b) the relevant consent was given by an instrument served
in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of the said section 34
and the notice is served during the period of three
months beginning with the date on which notice of
the instrument was published in the London Gazette
in pursuance of section 36( 1 ) of this Act.
(5) Provision may be made by regulations as to the manner
of determining the amount of any compensation payable in pur-
suance of this section including the factors to be taken into
account in determining that amount.
39.-( 1 ) Any question as to whether-
(a) a water authority has unreasonably withheld its consent
in pursuance of section 31( 3) or 34 of this Act or
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1019
regulations made by virtue of section 31(5) of this Act
or has given its consent in pursuance of the said section
34 or such regulations subject to conditions which are
unreasonable ; or
(b) a notice served in pursuance of section 37( 1 ) of this Act
contains terms (other than a term required by subsection
( 2 ) of the preceding section) which are unreasonable ;
or
( c ) the period specified in any instrument or notice in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) or ( 2) of the preceding
section is unreasonable,
shall, subject to the following subsection, be determined for the
purposes of this Part of this Act by the Secretary of State ; but
no question relating to a determination of the Secretary of State
in pursuance of section 35(4) of this Act shall be referred to
him in pursuance of this subsection and any such determination
shall be final .
( 2 ) Where the consent of a water authority in pursuance of
regulations made by virtue of section 31(5) of this Act is with-
held for any activity or is given subject to conditions for any
activity and the applicant for the consent obtains a certificate
from the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food stating that
the activity in question is a good agricultural practice, any ques-
tion as to whether the water authority has unreasonably with-
held the consent or given it subject to conditions which are
unreasonable shall be determined for the purposes of this Part
of this Act by the Secretary of State and the said Minister acting
jointly.
This subsection shall not apply to Scotland.
( 3) If a water authority serves on any person a notice in
pursuance of section 37 of this Act which contains such a
statement as is mentioned in paragraph (a ) of subsection (4) of the
preceding section, that person or another person authorised by
him in that behalf may request the Secretary of State to direct
that that subsection shall have effect in relation to the notice as
if the statement were omitted and the Secretary of State may if
he thinks fit comply with the request.
( 4) Provision may be made by regulations as to the manner
in which and the time within which a question may be referred
or a request may be made in pursuance of the preceding pro-
visions of this section and as to the procedure for dealing with
such a reference or request.
(5 ) In any case where-
( a ) a question as to whether a water authority has un-
reasonably withheld its consent in pursuance of section
34 of this Act, or has given its consent in pursuance of
PART II
с .40
1020 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
1925 с. 49.
that section subject to conditions which are unreason-
able, is referred to the Secretary of State in pursuance
of this section ; and
( b) representations relating to the application for the consent
in question were made to the authority in pursuance of
section 36( 1) (c) of this Act,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he determines
the question, to secure that the authority has served notice of the
reference on the persons who made the representations and to
take account of any further written representations relating to
the application which are received by him from those persons
within a prescribed period.
( 6) Where a question is referred to the Secretary of State in
pursuance of subsection (1) of this section and he determines
that the consent in question was unreasonably withheld or that
the conditions or terms or period in question are or is unreason-
able, he shall give to the relevant water authority such a
direction as he thinks fit with regard to the consent, conditions,
terms or period and it shall be the duty of the authority to
comply with the direction ; and the preceding provisions of
this subsection shall apply to a reference in pursuance of sub-
section (2) of this section as they apply to a reference in pur-
suance of subsection ( 1) of this section but as if for any refer-
ence in those provisions to the Secretary of State there were sub-
stituted a reference to him and the said Minister acting jointly.
( 7) The withholding by a water authority of such a consent as
is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the conditions
subject to which such a consent is given and such terms and
period as are so mentioned shall be treated as reasonable for the
purposes of this Part of this Act until the contrary is determined
in pursuance of subsection ( 1) or (2) of this section except that
where a question as to the reasonableness of the conditions of
a consent given in pursuance of regulations made by virtue of
section 31( 5) of this Act is referred to the Secretary of State or
to him and the said Minister in pursuance of this section the
consent shall be treated for those purposes as unconditional
while the reference is pending.
(8) At any stage of the proceedings on a reference to the
Secretary of State or to him and the said Minister in pursuance
of this section he or they may, and shall if so directed by the
High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session, state in the
form of a special case for the decision of the court any question
of law arising in those proceedings ; and in England and Wales
the decision of the court on the special case shall be deemed
to be a judgment of the court within the meaning of section 27
of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925
( which relates to the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear
c. 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1021
and determine appeals from any judgment of the High Court) but
no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought by virtue of
this subsection except with the leave of that court or the High
Court .
PART II
40.-( 1 ) Regulations may provide-
Transitional
( a ) for any consent for discharges which was given in provisions
pursuance of the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution ) relating to consents.
Acts 1951 to 1961 or the Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution) (Scotland) Acts 1951 and 1965 or section
72 of the Water Resources Act 1963 to have effect 1963 с. 38.
for any of the purposes of this Part of this Act as
if given in pursuance of prescribed provisions of sec-
tion 34 of this Act ; and
( b ) for any conditions to which such aconsent was subject
in pursuance of any of those enactments to have effect
for any of those purposes as if attached to the consent
in pursuance of prescribed provisions of this Part of
thisAct.
( 2 ) Regulations may provide for the terms of a consent for
an outlet which was given in pursuance of the Rivers ( Preven- 1951 c. 64.
tion of Pollution) Act 1951 and for conditions to which such
aconsent was subject in pursuance of that Act or which were
imposed with respect to the outlet in pursuance of section 7( 4)
of that Act-
( a ) to have effect, with or without modifications, for any
of the purposes of this Part of this Act as if the terms
or conditions were conditions attached to a consent
given in pursuance of section 34 of this Act for
discharges from the outlet ; or
( b ) to be treated, with or without modifications, for any
of those purposes in such other manner as may be
prescribed .
In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for the
references to the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) Act 1951 and
to section 7( 4) of that Act there shall be substituted respectively
references to the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) (Scotland) Act 1951 c. 66.
1951 and to section 28( 4 ) of that Act.
( 3) An application for such a consent as is mentioned in sub-
section ( 1) of this section which is pending immediately before
the relevant day shall be treated on and after that day as an
application for consent in pursuance of section 34 of this Act
which was made on the day on which it was actually made.
( 4) Where an application for consent in pursuance of section
34 of this Act in respect of any discharge is duly made to a
water authority before the relevant day and the discharge in
1022 Registers.
1963 с. 38.
1951 с. 66.
c .40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
question is not such as is mentioned in section 32( 3)(a) of this
Act and is substantially a continuation of a previous discharge
which during the year ending with the 30th April 1974 was
lawfully made without such consent as is so mentioned ( any
reduction of the temperature, volume or rate of the discharge
as compared with that of the previous discharge being dis-
regarded) , the authority shall be deemed to have given uncon-
ditionally the consent applied for-
( a ) until the authority actually gives the consent uncon-
ditionally ; or
( b) if the authority decides to refuse consent or to give it
subject to conditions, until the expiration of the period
of three months beginning with the date when the
authority serves on the applicant notice of the decision ;
or
( c ) if during that period the applicant appeals to the Secre-
tary of State against the decision in pursuance of the
preceding section, until the determination of the
appeal.
( 5) Regulations may provide for any appeal which immedi-
ately before the relevant day is pending in pursuance of the
the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) Acts 1951 to 1961, the
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) (Scotland ) Acts 1951 and 1965
or section 72(3) of the said Act of 1963 to be treated on and
after that day as an appeal in pursuance of prescribed provisions
of this Part of this Act.
( 6 ) In this section " the relevant day " means the day when
section 32( 1) of this Act comes into force.
Ancillary provisions relating to control of discharges
41.-(1) It shall be the duty of water authorities to maintain,
in accordance with regulations, registers containing prescribed
particulars of-
( a) applications for consents made to the authorities in
pursuance of this Part of this Act ;
( b) consents given in pursuance of any provision of this
Part of this Act (except section 40( 4) ) and the con-
ditions to which the consents are subject ;
(c) samples of effluent taken by the authorities in pursuance
of section 113(1) of the Water Resources Act 1963
or, in Scotland, section 19 of the Rivers (Prevention
of Pollution) ( Scotland ) Act 1951, samples of water
taken by the authorities, information produced by
analyses of the samples and the steps taken in conse
quence of the information ;
(d ) certificates issued in pursuance of the following section ;
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1023
( e ) notices of which copies have been served on the autho- rities in pursuance of section 51 (3) (b) of this Act other
than notices of rejections of applications.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of a water authority-
(a ) to secure that registers maintained by the authority in
pursuance of the preceding subsection are, after such
date as is prescribed with respect to the registers, open
to inspection by the public free of charge at all reason-
able hours ; and
( b ) to afford members of the public reasonable facilities for
obtaining from the authority, on payment of reason-
able charges, copies of entries in the register.
PART II
42.- (1) If a person who proposes to make or has made an Power of
application to a water authority for any consent in pursuance Secretary of
of section 34 of this Act ( hereafter in this subsection referred State to
to as " the relevant application ") exempt
applications,
( a) applies to the Secretary of State within a prescribed consents and
period for a certificate providing that section 36(1 ) of conditions
this Act and paragraphs ( a) to ( c ) and (e) of subsection etc. from publicity.
(1) of the preceding section shall not apply to the
relevant application or to any consent given or con-
ditions imposed in consequence of the relevant applica-
tion or to any sample of effluent taken from a discharge
for which consent is given in consequence of the
relevant application or to information produced by
analysis of such a sample ; and
( b) satisfies the Secretary of State that it would-
( i ) prejudice to an unreasonable degree some
private interest by disclosing information about a
trade secret, or
( ii ) be contrary to the public interest,
if a certificate were not issued in pursuance of his
application to the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of State may issue a certificate to that person
providing that section 36(1) of this Act and those paragraphs
shall not apply to such of the things mentioned in paragraph (a)
of this subsection as are specified in the certificate.
( 2 ) If a person who is making or proposes to make a dis-
charge which is the subject of a consent given in pursuance of
the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) Acts 1951 to 1961 or the
Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Acts 1951 and 1965
or section 72 of the Water Resources Act 1963-
1963 с. 38.( a) applies to the Secretary of State for a certificate pro-
viding that subsection ( 1)(b) or (c) of the preceding
1024 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
Control of
discharges
into sewers.
1937 с. 40.
section shall not apply to the consent or any conditions
to which the consent is subject or any sample of
effluent taken from a discharge to which the consent
relates or any information produced by analysis of
such a sample ; and
(b) satisfies the Secretary of State as mentioned in para-
graph (b) of the preceding subsection,
the Secretary of State may issue a certificate to that person
providing that the said subsection ( 1)(b) or ( c) shall not apply
to such of the things mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-
section as are specified in the certificate.
Control of discharges of trade effluent into public
sewers
43.-(1 ) No discharge of trade effluent from any trade
premises into a sewer of a water authority shall after the
appointed day be authorised by virtue of-
(a) section 4 of the Public Health (Drainage of Trade Pre-
mises) Act 1937 ( which relates to certain cases in which
discharges were lawfully made before the passing of
that Act or before the alteration of the relevant sewer-
age system) ; or
( b) any agreement which is mentioned in section 7( 4) of
that Act (under which any agreement with respect to
any trade effluent which was duly made between a
local authority and the owner or occupier of any trade
premises before the commencement of that Act is not
affected by that Act ) and which does not contain
express provision enabling the authority to terminate
the agreement , so far as it relates to discharges of
trade effluent into the sewer of the authority, whether
or not there is a breach of the agreement by a person
other than the authority ;
and accordingly subsections ( 1) to ( 3) of the said section 4 shall
cease to have effect at the end of the appointed day.
(2) Where any discharges of trade effluent from any premises
in the area of a water authority into a sewer were authorised
by virtue of the said section 4 or such an agreement immediately
before the date of the passing of this Act and the owner or
occupier of the premises gives notice to the authority within the
period of six months beginning with that date stating that such
discharges from the premises were so authorised, consent shall
be deemed to be duly given on the appointed day by the autho-
rity for such discharges from the premises into the sewer
after that day as were authorised by virtue of the said section
4 or the agreement immediately before the date aforesaid and
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1025
shall be deemed to be so given subject to the same conditions PART II
( if any ) as to charges or otherwise as-
( a ) in the case of discharges authorised by virtue of the said
section 4, the conditions to which by virtue of an
agreement (whether subsisting or not ) or of a direction
given in pursuance of section 55 or 57 of the Public 1961 с. 64.
Health Act 1961 (which relate to charges and to con-
ditions dealing with other matters) the discharges were
subject immediately before the appointed day ; and
( b) in the case of discharges authorised by an agreement
mentioned in the said section 7( 4), the conditions to
which the discharges were subject immediately before
the appointed day.
( 3) The water authority whose consent for any discharge is
deemed to be given by virtue of the preceding subsection may
at any time after the appointed day, and shall if the authority
is requested after the appointed day to do so by any person
entitled to make a discharge in pursuance of the consent,
by a notice served on the owner and any occupier of the
premises in question cancel the deemed consent and, subject to
the following subsection, give its actual consent for such dis-
charges as were authorised by the deemed consent.
( 4 ) An actual consent given in pursuance of the preceding
subsection shall be so given either unconditionally or subject
to any conditions which under section 2( 3) of the said Act of
1937 (including section 59 of the said Act of 1961) may be
attached to consents, any reference to a trade effluent notice in
paragraphs ( a ) and ( d ) of the said section 2( 3) being construed
for the purposes of this subsection as a reference to the actual
consent; and the notice signifying the actual consent shall
indicate that a right of appeal is conferred by virtue of the
following subsection in respect of the notice.
( 5 ) A person on whom notice is served in pursuance of sub-
section ( 3) of this section may, in accordance with regulations,
appeal to the Secretary of State against the notice ; and on
any such appeal the Secretary of State may give to the water
authority in question such a direction as he thinks fit with
respect to the notice and it shall be the duty of the authority
to comply with the direction.
(6) Provision may be made by regulations with respect to
consents and the conditions of consents for discharges of trade
effluent into a sewer of a water authority through a drain or
sewer provided after the appointed day by the authority in
pursuance of section 42 of the Public Health Act 1936 (which 1936 c. 49.
enables a water authority to close certain drains and sewers if it
provides alternative drains or sewers which are equally
convenient ) .
( 7) This section does not apply to Scotland.
Part II C
c . 40
1026 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTII 44.-( 1) It is hereby declared that a direction may be given in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) of section 60 of the Public Health
Provisions supplementary Act 1961 varying the conditions attached to an actual consent
to s.43.
given in pursuance of the preceding section and that the other
1961 с. 64.
provisions of Part V of that Act have effect accordingly.
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 4) of the preced-
ing section or the preceding subsection, where a deemed consent
is cancelled by a notice giving an actual consent in pursuance
of subsection ( 3) of the preceding section and the deemed
consent was by virtue of subsection (2) of the preceding section
subject to a condition which was the same as one imposed by a
direction given in pursuance of section 55 or 57 of the said Act
of 1961 , then-
( a) in a case where the condition related to charges, a
different condition as to charges, and
( b ) in a case where the condition did not relate to charges,
a different condition as to any matter except charges,
shall not, except with the written agreement of the owner and
any occupier of the premises in question or in pursuance of the
following section, be attached to the actual consent during
the period during which, by virtue of subsection ( 3) of the
said section 55 or subsection (2 ) of the said section 57, no
further direction to the said owner or occupier in pursuance
of that section in respect of charges or, as the case may be, in
respect of other matters could have been given without his
consent if the said section 55 or 57 had remained in force.
( 3) Provision may be made by regulations-
( a ) for determining by arbitration or otherwise whether any
such agreement as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (b) of
the preceding section relates also to a matter other than
the discharge of trade effluent into a sewer of a par-
ticular water authority ;
( b) for determining as aforesaid what modifications (if any)
of such an agreement relating also to such a matter
are appropriate in consequence of any prescribed pro-
vision of the preceding section ;
( c) where the conditions mentioned in paragraph (b) of
subsection (2) of the preceding section include a con-
dition as to charges which are in respect of the dis-
charges in question and other matters, for determining
as aforesaid the proportion of the charges attributable
to the discharges and for limiting accordingly the con-
ditions to which the discharges are, for the purposes of
that paragraph, to be treated as subject immediately
before the appointed day.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1027
( 4 ) Section 70 of the said Act of 1961 ( which provides for
PART II
a copy of each direction given by a water authority in pur-
suance of Part V of that Act to be kept available for inspection
and copying by any person at all reasonable times) shall apply
to a notice given in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of the preceding
section as it applies to such a direction.
( 5 ) In the preceding section and this section " the appointed
day " means such day after the expiration of six months begin-
ning with the date on which this Act is passed as the Secretary
of State may by order appoint ; and an expression used in any
provision of the preceding section or this section and in the said
Act of 1937 has the same meaning in that provision as in that
Act .
(6 ) This section does not apply to Scotland.
45.-(1) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 2) of Early
section 60 of the Public Health Act 1961 (under which a water variation of
authority may not, except with the written consent of the owner conditions of
and occupier of the relevant trade premises, give a direction discharges.
under subsection (1) of that section varying the conditions 1961 с. 64.
of its consent to the discharge of trade effluent into a public
sewer within two years from the date of the consent or of
notice of a previous direction), a water authority may give such
a direction within the period mentioned in the said subsection
( 2) without such written consent as aforesaid if the authority
considers it necessary to do so in order to provide proper
protection for persons likely to be affected by discharges which
could lawfully be made apart from the direction.
( 2) Where a water authority gives such a direction by virtue
of the preceding subsection, the authority shall be liable to
pay compensation to the owner and occupier of the trade
premises to which the direction relates unless the authority
is of opinion that the direction is required-
( a) in consequence of a change of circumstances ( which
may include a change in the information available
as to the discharges to which the consent in question
relates or as to the interaction of those discharges
with other discharges or matter ) which has occurred
since the beginning of the period of two years in
question and could not reasonably have been foreseen
at the beginning of that period ; and
( b) otherwise than in consequence of consents for dis-
charges given after the beginning of that period ;
and where the authority is of such an opinion it shall be the
duty of the authority to give to the owner and occupier of the
said premises notice of its reasons for the opinion.
C2
1028 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
(3) Subsection ( 5) of section 38 of this Act shall have effect
as if the reference to that section included a reference to this
section .
( 4) A person to whom notice is given in pursuance of sub-
section (2) of this section may, in accordance with regulations,
appeal to the Secretary of State against the notice on the ground
that compensation should be paid in consequence of the direc-
tion to which the notice relates ; and on any such appeal the
Secretary of State may direct that that subsection shall have
effect as if the authority had not been of the opinion to which
the notice relates .
(5) This section does not apply to Scotland.
Miscellaneous
Operations bywater
46.-( 1) Where it appears to a water authority that pollution
injurious to the fauna or flora of a stream in its area has been
authorities
caused in consequence of discharges made by virtue of a consent
to remedy
orforestall
given by the authority in pursuance of section 34 of this Act
pollution
after the date when this section comes into force or discharges
ofwater.
made by virtue of a variation of a consent in pursuance of that
section which was made by the authority after that date, then,
subject to the following subsection, it shall be the duty of the
authority-
( a) to exercise the powers conferred on it by section 37( 1 )
of this Act with a view to ensuring that further dis-
charges of a kind which caused the injurious pollution
in question are not made by virtue of the consent or
variation or are not so made after such a period as the
authority considers necessary for the purpose of allow-
ing a person making discharges by virtue of the consent
or variation to secure that the discharges are not of
such a kind or to make arrangements for discontinuing
the discharges ; and
( b) in a case where the authority considers that a period is
necessary for the purpose aforesaid, to carry out as
soon as reasonably practicable such operations as the
authority considers appropriate with a view to remedy-
ing or mitigating the injurious pollution in question ;
and
( c) to carry out, as soon as reasonably practicable or after
the expiration of the said period, such operations as are
necessary for the purpose of restoring the fauna and
flora of the stream, so far as it is reasonably practic-
able to do so, to the state in which they were immedi-
ately before discharges were made by virtue of the
consent or variation .
c.40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1029
( 2 ) If it appears to a water authority that injurious pollution
of a stream in its area has been caused in consequence of dis-
charges made as mentioned in the preceding subsection but that
further discharges so made after such a period as the authority
considers reasonable in the circumstances will, after the carrying
out of such operations as are mentioned in paragraph (c ) of that
subsection, not cause injurious pollution of the stream, then-
( a ) the authority shall not be required by virtue of para-
graph (a) of the preceding subsection to exercise the
powers there mentioned ; but
( b) it shall be the duty of the authority-
(i) to carry out as soon as reasonably practicable
such operations as are mentioned in paragraph (b)
of the preceding subsection, and
( ii ) to carry out, after the expiration of the period
mentioned in the preceding provisions of this sub-
section, such operations as are mentioned in para-
graph (c) of the preceding subsection.
( 3) The duty imposed on a water authority by virtue of sub-
section ( 1 ) (a) of this section shall be performed notwithstanding
anything in subsections ( 1) and (2) of section 38 of this Act ;
but-
(a) where in the performance of that duty a notice is served
in consequence of which compensation would have been
payable in pursuance of subsection ( 4 ) of that section
if the notice had been served by virtue of subsection (3)
of that section, compensation shall be so payable as
if the notice had been so served ; and
( b) nothing in this section shall be construed as restricting
the powers conferred on the Secretary of State by
section 37(2) of this Act.
(4 ) Where it appears to a water authority that any poisonous,
noxious or polluting matter or any solid waste matter is likely
to enter, or is or was present in, any relevant waters in its area,
the authority may, without prejudice to any duty imposed on it
by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section, carry out
in its area or elsewhere such operations as it considers
appropriate-
( a ) in a case where the matter appears likely to enter such
waters, for the purpose of preventing it from doing so ;
and
( b) in a case where the matter appears to be or to have
been present in such waters, for the purpose of remov-
ing or disposing of the matter or of remedying or
mitigating any pollution caused by its presence in the
waters or of restoring the waters (including the fauna
C3
PART II
c . 40
1030 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTII and flora in them), so far as it is reasonably practicable
to do so, to the state in which they were immediately
before the matter became present in the waters ;
but nothing in this subsection empowers a water authority to
impede or prevent the making of any discharge in pursuance of
a consent given by any authority by virtue of section 34 of this
Act .
(5) Where a water authority carries out any operations in pur-
suance of this section the authority shall, subject to the follow-
ing subsection, be entitled to recover the costs of doing so
( a) in the case of operations in pursuance of subsection ( 1 )
or ( 2) of this section, from the persons who made the
discharges in question ; and
( b) in the case of operations in pursuance of the preceding
subsection, from any persons who caused or knowingly
permitted the matter in question to be present at the
place from which it was likely in the opinion of the
authority to enter the relevant waters or, as the case
may be, to be present in the relevant waters.
( 6) No such costs shall be payable by a person-
( a ) in so far as he satisfies the court in which it is sought
to recover the costs that the costs were incurred un-
necessarily ; or
(b) for any operations in respect of water from an abandoned
mine which that person permitted to reach such a place
as is mentioned in paragraph ( b) of the preceding
subsection or to enter relevant waters ; or
( c ) if he is a person to whom compensation is payable by
virtue of subsection ( 3) of this section in respect of a
consent to which the operations in question relate.
( 7) In determining the damage which a person has suffered in
consequence of pollution in respect of which operations have
been or may be carried out in pursuance of this section, account
shall be taken of the extent to which it is shown that the damage
has been reduced by operations in pursuance of this section and
of the extent to which it is shown that the damage is likely to be
so reduced .
( 8) In this section-
" injurious pollution ", in relation to a stream, means
pollution injurious to the fauna or flora of the stream ;
and
" variation ", in relation to a consent, means a modification
in pursuance of subsection ( 1 ) of section 37 of this Act
of the conditions to which the consent is subject or,
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1031
in the case of an unconditional consent, the subjection
of the consent to conditions in pursuance of that
subsection.
PART II
47.-( 1) It shall be the duty of each water authority-
Duty ofwater authorities to
( a ) to arrange for the collection and disposal of waste from deal with
vessels in its area which appears to the authority to waste from
need collection in consequence of the provisions of vessels etc.
section 33 of this Act ; and
( b) to arrange for the provision of facilities for the washing
out of prescribed appliances from vessels in its area.
( 2) A water authority may arrange for the provision of
facilities by way of water closets, urinals and wash basins for
the use of persons from vessels in the authority's area.
( 3) Aport health authority shall have power to make arrange-
ments with a water authority for the purposes of any of the
preceding provisions of this section.
48.-( 1 ) Where it appears to a water authority to be appro- Power of
priate to do so for the purpose of preventing the pollution of water
streams in its area, the authority may make byelaws providing authorities to
exclude
thatvessels shall notbe onany such streams which are specified unregistered
in the byelaws unless the vessels are registered by the authority vessels from
in accordance with the byelaws or are exempted by the byelaws rivers etc.
from registration ; and a person who causes or knowingly per-
mits a vessel to be on a stream in contravention of byelaws made
by virtue of this subsection shall be guilty of an offence and
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2) Byelaws made by a water authority in pursuance of the
preceding subsection may authorise the authority to make
reasonable charges in respect of the registration of vessels in
pursuance of the byelaws ; and no charges shall be payable,
by persons in or from vessels registered by the authority in
pursuance of the byelaws, in respect of the use by those persons
of facilities provided in pursuance of the preceding section by
or by arrangement with the authority.
49.-(1 ) If without the consent of the relevant water Deposits and
authority, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, -
vegetation in
rivers etc.
( a ) a person removes from any part of the channel or bed
of a stream a deposit accumulated by reason of any
dam, weir or sluice holding back the water of the
stream and does so by causing the deposit to be
carried away in suspension in the water of the stream ;
or
C4
1032 c . 40
Control of Pollution Act 1974
PART II
1951 с. 64.
1951 с. 66.
Investigation
ofwater
pollution problems arising from
closure of
mines.
Notice to
abstain from
certain
agricultural
practices.
( b) any substantial amount of vegetation cut or uprooted in
a stream, or so near to the stream that it falls into it,
is allowed to remain in the stream by the wilful
default of any person,
then, subject to the following subsection, that person shall be
guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £200.
( 2) Nothing in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection
applies to anything done in the exercise of statutory powers
conferred by or under any enactment relating to land drainage,
flood prevention or navigation.
( 3) Regulations may provide that any reference to a stream
in subsection ( 1) of this section shall be construed as including a
reference to such controlled waters as are prescribed for the
purposes of that subsection.
( 4) Any question as to whether the consent of a water
authority in pursuance of subsection ( 1) of this section is un-
reasonably withheld shall be determined by the Secretary of
State ; and any consent given in pursuance of section 4 of the
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) Act 1951 or section 24 of the
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland ) Act 1951 (which are
superseded by this section) shall be treated for the purposes of
this section as given in pursuance of this section.
50. Each water authority shall have power to carry out
studies for the purpose of ascertaining-
(a) what problems relating to the pollution of relevant
waters may arise or have arisen in consequence of
the abandonment of any mine in its area or might arise
if any such mine were abandoned ; and
( b ) what steps are likely to be appropriate for the purpose
of dealing with the problems and what the cost of
taking those steps would be.
51.-( 1 ) If a water authority is of opinion that any relevant
waters-
( a) have been or are likely to be polluted in consequence
of such an act or omission as is first mentioned in
section 31 (2)(c) of this Act which has occurred at a
place in the area of the authority ; or
( b) are likely to be polluted if such an act or omission
occurs at such a place,
the authority may, by an application in writing made to the
Secretary of State which specifies the kind of act or omission
с . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1033
in question and the reasons for the opinion, request the Secretary
of State to serve on the occupier of the place a notice requesting
the occupier to prevent acts or omissions of that kind at the
place .
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of an authority which makes an
application in pursuance of the preceding subsection to serve
a copy of the application on the Minister of Agriculture,
Fisheries and Food and the occupier of the place to which the
application relates and to serve on the said occupier a statement
informing him that he may, within the period of twenty- eight
days beginning with the date on which the statement is served
on him, make representations in writing to the Secretary of State
about the application.
In the application of this subsection to Scotland the reference
to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food shall be
omitted.
(3) Where an application is made to the Secretary of State
in pursuance of this section it shall be his duty, after con-
sidering any representations about the application which are
made to him in pursuance of the preceding subsection-
( a) to serve on the occupier of the place in question the
notice requested by the application or a notice con-
taining a request to the occupier which the Secretary
of State considers is less restrictive than the request
specified in the application or a notice stating that he
has rejected the application ; and
( b ) to serve on the authority in question a copy of the
notice which the Secretary of State has served in
pursuance of the preceding paragraph.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of a water authority which is
required by virtue of section 41( 1)(e) of this Act to maintain
a register containing particulars of notices of which copies
have been served on the authority in pursuance of the preceding
subsection to enter in the register, forthwith after the service
on the authority of each such copy other than a copy of a
notice of rejection of an application, particulars of the notice
and a statement of the date on which it was served on the
authority.
(5) If the Secretary of State considers that a notice served
in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section on the occupier
of aplace should be cancelled he may, after giving notice of his
proposal to do so to the water authority on whose application
the other notice was served and considering any representations
made to him by the authority about the proposal, serve on the
occupier of the place a further notice cancelling the other notice
PART II
c . 40
1034 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
Charges in
respect of
certain
discharges in
England
andWales.
1973 с. 37.
1937 с. 40.
1961 с. 64.
Charges in
respect of
certain
discharges
inScotland .
at a time specified in the further notice ; and where the Secretary
of State serves a notice in pursuance of this subsection-
( a ) it shall be his duty to serve a copy of it on the authority
aforesaid ; and
( b ) it shall be the duty of the authority to enter in the said
register a statement that the other notice was or is to
be cancelled at the time specified as aforesaid.
52.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, by an order made
after consultation with the National Water Council, provide that
sections 30 and 31 of the Water Act 1973 ( which among other
things relate to charges for facilities provided by water authori-
ties and to schemes for the payment of the charges) shall apply to
discharges of trade or sewage effluent which are made or autho-
rised to be made by virtue of a consent given in pursuance of this
Act or the Public Health ( Drainage of Trade Premises) Act
1937 as those sections apply to facilities provided by water
authorities ; and any such order may-
( a) provide that, in the said section 30 as applied by the
order, subsection ( 4 ) (under which regard is to be had
to the cost of providing facilities in fixing charges for
the facilities) and references to that subsection shall
be omitted ; and
(b) repeal sections 59( 1 ) (e) and 61( 4 ) of the Public Health
Act 1961 (which provide for conditions relating to
charges to be attached to consents for discharges
which are given in pursuance of the said Act of 1937) .
( 2) An order made in pursuance of the preceding subsection-
( a) shall include provision for appeals to the Secretary of
State in respect of charges payable to a water authority
by virtue of that subsection ; and
( b) may include provision for the giving by the Secretary
of State in consequence of an appeal of directions in
respect of the charges to the authority or any other
party to the appeal ( including directions as to the
charges which are to be payable in respect of any
period before the determination of the appeal) ;
and the Secretary of State may by order vary or revoke any
provisions which by virtue of this subsection or section 104( 1) (a)
of this Act are contained in an order made in pursuance of this
section.
( 3) This section does not apply to Scotland.
53. ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, by an order made after
consultation with such bodies representative of local authorities,
river purification authorities, industry and agriculture as he
thinks fit, provide that a river purification authority shall have
c.40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1035
power to fix, and to demand, take and recover, such charges
PART II
in respect of discharges of trade or sewage effluent which are
made or authorised to be made by virtue of a consent given in
pursuance of this Act as the river purification authority thinks
fit.
( 2) An order made in pursuance of the preceding subsection
may include provision-
( a ) regulating the manner in which the charges are to be
imposed;
( b) with respect to the criteria by reference to which the
charges are to be fixed, the system by which the
amount of the charges is to be calculated and the
matters to which a river purification authority is to
have regard in fixing the charges ;
( c ) empowering a river purification authority to make
different charges in respect of the same kind of dis-
charge in different cases, so however that the charges
are such as not to show undue preference to, or dis-
criminate unduly against, any class of persons ;
( d ) empowering a river purification authority, if it intro-
duces a new system of charges, to make such
transitional charging arrangements as it thinks fit
applying for a period not exceeding five years .
( 3) An order made in pursuance of subsection ( 1) of this
section-
( a) shall include provision for appeals to the Secretary of
State in respect of charges payable to a river purifica-
tion authority by virtue of the order ; and
( b) may include provision for the giving by the Secretary
of State in consequence of an appeal of directions in
respect of the charges to the authority or any other
party to the appeal (including directions as to the
charges which are to be payable in respect of any
period before the determination of the appeal) ;
and the Secretary of State may by order vary or revoke any
provisions which by virtue of this subsection or section 104(1) (a)
of this Act are contained in an order made in pursuance of this
section.
( 4 ) This section applies to Scotland only.
54. Any entry of matter into a stream or controlled waters Exclusion
which- ofcertain
( a ) is authorised by a consent given in pursuance of this liability in
respect of
Part of this Act and is in accordance with the con- discharges etc.
ditions (if any ) to which the consent is subject ; or with consent.
c . 40
1036 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
1923 с. 16.
1875 с. 55.
( b) is a consequence of an act which is so authorised and in
accordance with such conditions ;
shall not constitute an offence under section 8 of the Salmon
and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923 or section 68 of the Public
Health Act 1875 .
Discharges by
water
authorities .
Supplemental
55.-( 1 ) This Part of this Act shall have effect with prescribed
modifications in relation to discharges by a water authority in
its area.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the power to make
regulations conferred by the preceding subsection, any regula-
tions made in pursuance of that subsection may provide for
consents required by water authorities for the purposes of this
Part of this Act as modified by virtue of that subsection to be or
be deemed to be given by the Secretary of State .
( 3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the
references to a water authority there shall be substituted refer-
ences to an islands council.
Interpretation etc of Part II.
56.-( 1 ) Except where the context otherwise requires, in this
Part of this Act-
" controlled waters ود
means the sea within three nautical
miles from any point on the coast measured from low-
water mark of ordinary spring tides, such other parts
of the territorial sea adjacent to Great Britain as are
prescribed and any other tidal waters in Great Britain ;
" relevant waters " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 31 ( 1 )(a) of this Act ;
" restricted waters ود
means controlled waters in-
(a) areas designated by regulations as tidal rivers
for the purposes of this definition ; and
(b) other areas of a kind prescribed for the pur-
poses of this definition as areas in which, in the
opinion of the Secretary of State, vessels commonly
lie at moorings in close proximity to one another ;
66
sewage effluent " includes any effluent from the sewage
disposal or sewerage works of a water authority ;
" specified underground water " means underground water
in the area of a water authority which is specified, as
water which is used or is expected by the authority
to be used for any purpose, in a document which is
in a form prescribed for the purposes of this definition
and contains prescribed particulars and of which a
copy is kept available, and has for not less than one
Control of Pollution Act 1974 c .40
1037
month been kept available, at the principal office of
PART II
the authority for inspection by the public free of charge
during office hours ;
" stream " includes any river, watercourse or inland water,
whether the river, watercourse or inland water is
natural or artificial or above or below ground, except-
(a) subject to subsection (3) of this section, any
lake, loch or pond which does not discharge into a
stream ;
( b) any sewer vested in a water authority ; and
(c) any tidal waters ;
and any reference to a stream includes a reference to
the channel or bed of a stream which is for the time
being dry ; and
" tidal waters "
includes the waters of any enclosed dock
which adjoins tidal waters.
( 2 ) In the application of the preceding subsection to
Scotland-
( a ) in the definitions of " sewage effluent " and " stream "
the references to a water authority shall be construed
as references to a local authority within the meaning
of the Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968 ;
1968 с. 47.
( b ) for the definition of " specified underground water "
there shall be substituted the following definition-
" specified underground water " means such
underground water as may be prescribed.
(3) Regulations may provide that any prescribed lake, loch
or pond which does not discharge into a stream, or that any
lake, loch or pond of a prescribed description which does not
discharge into a stream, shall be a stream for the purposes of
this Part of this Act.
( 4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the area of a
water authority shall include all controlled waters off the coast
of the area which is the authority's area apart from this sub-
section ; and any question as to whether any place is included
in the area of a water authority by virtue of this subsection
shall be determined by the Secretary of State.
(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a notice imposing
conditions with respect to discharges which was given by an
authority in pursuance of-
( a) section 7( 4) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951 с. 64.
1951 ; or
(b) section 28( 4) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) 1951 с. 66.
( Scotland ) Act 1951 ; or
c . 40
1038 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART II
1961 с. 50.
1965 с. 13 .
( c ) section 1(5) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act
1961 ; or
( d ) section 1( 5 ) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)
( Scotland ) Act 1965,
shall be treated as having given the authority's consent in pur-
suance of the Act in question for those discharges subject to
those conditions.
(6) Section 30(5) of this Act shall have effect in relation to this
Part of this Act as if for any reference to Part I of this Act
there were substituted a reference to this Part of this Act.
Periodical
inspections
bylocal authorities.
Summary
proceedings
by local authorities.
PART III
NOISE
Periodical inspections by local authorities
57. It shall be the duty of every local authority to cause its
area to be inspected from time to time-
( a ) to detect anything which ought to be dealt with under
the following section ; and
( b) to decide how to exercise its powers concerning noise
abatement zones.
Summary proceedings to deal with noise
58.-( 1 ) Where a local authority is satisfied that noise
amounting to a nuisance exists, or is likely to occur or recur,
in the area of the local authority, the local authority shall serve
a notice imposing all or any of the following requirements—
( a) requiring the abatement of the nuisance or prohibiting
or restricting its occurrence or recurrence ;
( b) requiring the execution of such works, and the taking
of such other steps, as may be necessary for the
purpose of the notice or as may be specified in the
notice ;
and the notice shall specify the time or times within which the
requirements of the notice are to be complied with.
( 2 ) The notice shall be served on the person responsible for
the nuisance or or, if that person cannot be found or the nuisance
has not yet occurred, on the owner or occupier of the premises
from which the noise is emitted or would be emitted.
( 3) The person served with the notice may appeal against
the notice to a magistrates' court within twenty- one days from
service of the notice.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1039
( 4 ) If a person on whom a notice is served under this section
without reasonable excuse contravenes any requirement of the
notice, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of
thisAct.
( 5) In proceedings for an offence under the preceding sub-
section in respect of noise caused in the course of a trade or
business, it shall be a defence to prove that the best practicable
means have been used for preventing, or for counteracting the
effect of, the noise.
( 6 ) In proceedings for an offence under subsection ( 4 ) of this
section of contravening requirements imposed by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) (a) of this section it shall be a defence to prove-
( a ) that the alleged offence was covered by a notice served
under section 60 or a consent given under section 61
or 65 of this Act ; or
( b) where the alleged offence was committed at a time when
the premises were subject to a notice under section
66 of this Act, that the level of noise emanating from
the premises at that time was not such as to constitute
a contravention of the notice under section 66 ; or
( c ) where the alleged offence was committed at a time
when the premises were not subject to a notice under
section 66 of this Act, and when a level fixed under
section 67 of this Act applied to the premises, that
the level of noise emanating from the premises at that
time did not exceed that level.
Paragraphs (b) and (c) above apply whether or not the relevant
notice was subject to appeal at the time when the offence was
alleged to have been committed.
( 7) Where a nuisance which exists or has occurred within
the area of a local authority, or which has affected any part of
that area, appears to the local authority to be wholly or partly
caused by some act or default committed or taking place outside
its area, the local authority may act under this section as if
the act or default were wholly within that area, except that
any appeal shall be heard by a magistrates' court having juris-
diction where the act or default is alleged to have taken place.
( 8) If a local authority is of opinion that proceedings for an
offence under subsection ( 4 ) of this section would afford an
inadequate remedy in the case of any noise which is a nuisance,
they may take proceedings in the High Court or, in Scotland,
inanycourt of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of securing
the abatement , prohibition or restriction of the nuisance, and
the proceedings shall be maintainable notwithstanding that the
local authority has suffered no damage from the nuisance ; but
PARTII
c . 40
1040 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
1960 с. 68.
Summary
proceedings
byoccupier
ofpremises.
in any proceedings taken in pursuance of this subsection it
shall be a defence to prove that the noise was authorised by a
notice under section 60 or a consent under section 61 of this
Act.
( 9) Section 1 of the Noise Abatement Act 1960 (which is
superseded by this section) shall cease to have effect except as
respects notices served by virtue of that section before the
coming into force of this section .
59.-( 1 ) A magistrates' court may act under this section on a
complaint made by the occupier of any premises on the ground
that in his capacity as occupier of the premises he is aggrieved
by noise amounting to a nuisance .
( 2 ) If the magistrates' court is satisfied that the alleged
nuisance exists, or that although abated it is likely to recur on
the same premises, the court shall make an order for either
or both of the following purposes-
(a) requiring the defendant to abate the nuisance, within
a time specified in the order, and to execute any works
necessary for that purpose ;
(b) prohibiting a recurrence of the nuisance, and requiring
the defendant, within a time specified in the order, to
execute any works necessary to prevent the recurrence.
( 3) Proceedings under this section shall be brought against the
person responsible for the nuisance or, if that person cannot be
found, against the owner or occupier of the premises from which
the noise is emitted, or would be emitted.
( 4) A person who without reasonable excuse contravenes
any requirement of an order under subsection (2 ) of this section
shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act.
( 5 ) In proceedings for an offence under this section in respect
of noise caused in the course of a trade or business, it shall
be a defence to prove that the best practicable means have been
used for preventing, or for counteracting the effect of , the noise.
( 6) If a person is convicted of an offence under subsection
( 4) of this section, a magistrates' court may, after giving the local
authority in whose area the nuisance has occurred an oppor-
tunity of being heard, direct the authority to do anything which
the person convicted was required to do by the order to which
the conviction relates.
( 7 ) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) in subsection ( 1), for the reference to a complaint there
shall be substituted a reference to a summary applica-
tion;
Control of Pollution Act 1974 с . 40
1041
( b ) for the references to the defendant there shall be sub-
stituted references to the person against whom the
proceedings are taken.
PART III
Construction sites
60.-( 1) This section applies to works of the following Control of
description, that is to say- noise on
( a) the erection, construction, alteration, repair or main- construction
sites.tenance of buildings, structures or roads ;
(b) breaking up, opening or boring under any road or
adjacent land in connection with the construction,
inspection, maintenance or removal of works ;
(c) demolition or dredging work ; and
(d ) (whether or not also comprised in paragraph (a ) , (b)
or (c) above) any work of engineering construction.
( 2 ) Where it appears to a local authority that works to which
this section applies are being, or are going to be, carried out
on any premises, the local authority may serve a notice imposing
requirements as to the way in which the works are to be
carried out and may if it thinks fit publish notice of the
requirements in such way as appears to the local authority to
be appropriate.
( 3) The notice may in particular-
( a) specify the plant or machinery which is, or is not, to
beused ;
(b) specify the hours during which the works may be
carried out ;
( c) specify the level of noise which may be emitted from
the premises in question or at any specified point on
those premises or which may be so emitted during
specified hours ; and
( d ) provide for any change of circumstances.
( 4) In acting under this section the local authority shall have
regard-
( a) to the relevant provisions of any code of practice issued
under this Part of this Act ;
( b) to the need for ensuring that the best practicable means
are employed to minimise noise ;
(c) before specifying any particular methods or plant or
machinery, to the desirability in the interests of any
recipients of the notice in question of specifying other
methods or plant or machinery which would be sub-
stantially as effective in minimising noise and more
acceptable to them ;
c . 40
1042 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Prior consent
for work on
construction
sites .
1936 с. 49.
1959 с. 24.
( d ) to the need to protect any persons in the locality in
which the premises in question are situated from the
effects of noise.
( 5) A notice under this section shall be served on the person
who appears to the local authority to be carrying out, or
going to carry out, the works, and on such other persons
appearing to the local authority to be responsible for, or to
have control over, the carrying out of the works as the local
authority thinks fit.
( 6) A notice under this section may specify the time within
which the notice is to be complied with, and may require the
execution of such works, and the taking of such other steps, as
may be necessary for the purpose of the notice, or as may be
specified in the notice.
( 7 ) A person served with a notice under this section may
appeal against the notice to a magistrates' court within twenty
one days from the service of the notice.
( 8) If a person on whom a notice is served under this section
without reasonable excuse contravenes any requirement of the
notice he shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this
Act.
61.-( 1) A person who intends to carry out works to which
the preceding section applies may apply to the local authority
for a consent under this section.
( 2) Where approval under building regulations under Part II
of the Public Health Act 1936, or in Scotland a warrant under
section 6 of the Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959, is required for
the carrying out of the works, the application under this section
must be made at the same time as, or later than, the request
for the approval under building regulations or, as the case may
be, the application for a warrant under the said Act of 1959.
( 3) An application under this section shall contain particulars
of-
( a) the works, and the method by which they are to be
carried out ; and
( b ) the steps proposed to be taken to minimise noise
resulting from the works.
( 4 ) If the local authority considers that the application contains
sufficient information for the purpose and that , if the works
are carried out in accordance with the application, it would not
serve a notice under the preceding section in respect of those
works, the local authority shall give its consent to the application.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1043
( 5 ) In acting under this section a local authority shall have
regard to the considerations set out in subsection ( 4) of the pre-
ceding section and shall have power to-
( a ) attach any conditions to a consent ; and
( b) limit or qualify a consent to allow for any change in
circumstances ; and
(c ) limit the duration of a consent,
and any person who knowingly carries out the works, or permits
the works to be carried out, in contravention of any conditions
attached to a consent under this section shall be guilty of an
offence against this Part of this Act.
(6) The local authority shall inform the applicant of its
decision on the application within twenty- eight days from receipt
of the application ; and if the local authority gives its consent to
the application it may if it thinks fit publish notice of the
consent, and of the works to which it relates, in such way as
appears to the local authority to be appropriate.
( 7 ) If-
( a) the local authority does not give a consent within the
the said period of twenty- eight days ; or
( b) the local authority gives its consent within the said period
of twenty-eight days but attaches any condition to the
consent or limits or qualifies the consent in any way,
the applicant may appeal to a magistrates' court within twenty-
one days from the end of that period.
( 8) In any proceedings for an offence under section 60(8) of
this Act it shall be a defence to prove that the alleged contra-
vention amounted to the carrying out of the works in accordance
with a consent given under this section .
( 9) A consent given under this section shall contain a state-
ment to the effect that the consent does not of itself constitute
any ground of defence against any proceedings instituted under
section 59 of this Act.
( 10) Where a consent has been given under this section and
the works are carried out by a person other than the applicant
for the consent, it shall be the duty of the applicant to take all
reasonable steps to bring the consent to the notice of that other
person; and if he fails to comply with this subsection he shall
be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act.
PART III
c .40
1044 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Noise in
streets.
Noise in streets
62.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a loud-
speaker in a street shall not be operated-
( a) between the hours of nine in the evening and eight in
the following morning, for any purpose ;
( b) at any other time, for the purpose of advertising any
entertainment, trade or business ;
and any person who operates or permits the operation of a
loudspeaker in contravention of this subsection shall be guilty
of an offence against this Part of this Act.
In this subsection " street "
means a highway and any other
road, footway, square or court which is for the time being open
to the public.
( 2) The preceding subsection shall not apply to the operation
of a loudspeaker-
( a) for police, fire brigade or ambulance purposes, by a
water authority in the exercise of any of its functions ,
or by a local authority within its area ;
( b ) for communicating with persons on a vessel for the pur-
pose of directing the movement of that or any other
vessel ;
( c) if the loudspeaker forms part of a public telephone
system ;
( d ) if the loudspeaker-
(i ) is in or fixed to a vehicle, and
(ii ) is operated solely for the entertainment of or
for communicating with the driver or a passenger of
the vehicle or, where the loudspeaker is or forms part
of the horn or similar warning instrument of the
vehicle, solely for giving warning to other traffic, and
(iii) is so operated as not to give reasonable cause
for annoyance to persons in the vicinity ;
( e) otherwise than on a highway, by persons employed in
connection with a transport undertaking used by the
public in a case where the loudspeaker is operated
solely for making announcements to passengers or
prospective passengers or to other persons so employed ;
( by a travelling showman on land which is being used
for the purposes of a pleasure fair ;
( g) in case of emergency .
c .40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1045
(3) Subsection ( 1)( b) of this section shall not apply to the PART III
operation of a loudspeaker between the hours of noon and seven
in the evening on the same day if the loudspeaker-
( a ) is fixed to a vehicle which is being used for the con-
veyance of a perishable commodity for human con-
sumption ; and
( b) is operated solely for informing members of the public
( otherwise than by means of words) that the commodity
is on sale from the vehicle ; and
( c) is so operated as not to give reasonable cause for
annoyance to persons in the vicinity.
( 4 ) An offence under this section in Scotland may be prose-
cuted in any court of summary jurisdiction within the meaning
of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954 having juris- 1954 c. 48.
diction in the place where the offence was committed.
Noise abatement zones
63.-( 1 ) A local authority may by order confirmed by the Designation
Secretary of State designate all or any part of its area a noise of zones.
abatement zone.
( 2) An order under this section shall specify the classes of
premises to which it applies ( that is to say, the classes of premises
subject to control under the following provisions of this Part of
thisAct ).
( 3) An order made and confirmed under this section may be
revoked or varied by a subsequent order so made and confirmed.
( 4 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall apply to the
confirmation and coming into operation of an order under this
section.
( 5 ) In this Part of this Act a " noise abatement order " means
an order made under this section.
64.-( 1 ) Every local authority which has designated its area or Register
any part of its area a noise abatement zone shall measure the of noise
level of noise emanating from premises within the zone which levels .
are of any class to which the relevant noise abatement order
relates .
( 2) The local authority shall record all measurements taken
in pursuance of the preceding subsection in a register (in this
Part of this Act referred to as a " noise level register ") to be
kept by the local authority for the purpose in accordance with
regulations .
c . 40
1046 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Noise
exceeding
registered
level.
( 3) The local authority on recording any measurement in the
noise level register shall serve a copy of that record on the owner
and occupier of the premises in respect of which the measurement
was taken ; and any person on whom a copy of such a record is
served may, within twenty- eight days of the date of service,
appeal to the Secretary of State against the record.
( 4 ) On an appeal to the Secretary of State in pursuance of
the preceding subsection the Secretary of State may give to the
local authority in question such directions as he thinks fit as to
the record of the measurement of noise which is the subject of the
appeal, and it shall be the duty of the authority to comply with
the directions.
( 5) Except as provided by the preceding provisions of this
section the validity or accuracy of any entry in a noise level
register shall not be questioned in any proceedings under this Part
of this Act.
( 6 ) The premises as to which a local authority is to make
measurements under this section shall include those which come
within a class to which the relevant noise abatement order relates
after the making of the order; and it shall be for the local
authority to determine, both for those premises and all other
premises of any class to which the relevant noise abatement
order relates, when the measurements under this section are to
bemade.
( 7) A noise level register shall be open to public inspection
at the principal office of the local authority free of charge at all
reasonable hours, and the local authority shall afford members
of the public reasonable facilities for obtaining from the
authority, on payment of reasonable charges, copies of entries
in the register.
( 8) Provision may be made by regulations-
(a) for determining, or for authorising the Secretary of
State to determine, the methods by which noise levels
are to be measured for the purposes of any provision
of this section and the three following sections ; and
(b) for enabling noise levels calculated in accordance with
the regulations, or in accordance with the directions
of the Secretary of State, to be treated for those pur-
poses as measured by a method determined in pursu-
ance of the preceding paragraph.
65.-( 1 ) The level of noise recorded in the noise level register
in respect of any premises shall not be exceeded except with
the consent in writing of the local authority.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1047
( 2 ) The local authority's consent may be made subject to such
conditions, whether as to the amount by which the level of noise
may be increased, or as to the period for which, or the periods
during which, the level of noise may be increased, as may be
specified in the consent ; and the authority shall record
particulars of the consent in the noise level register.
( 3) If within the period of two months beginning with the
date on which a local authority receives an application for its
consent under this section, or within such longer period as
the authority and the applicant agree in writing, the authority
has not notified the applicant of its decision on the application,
the authority shall be deemed to have refused consent in pur-
suance of the application.
( 4 ) An applicant for consent under this section may appeal
to the Secretary of State against the local authority's decision
on the application within the period of three months beginning
with the date on which the authority notifies him of the
decision or, in a case falling within the preceding subsection,
beginning with the expiration of the period or longer period
there mentioned ; and it shall be the duty of the local authority
to act in accordance with the decision of the Secretary of
State on the appeal.
(5 ) If noise emitted from any premises constitutes a contra-
vention of subsection ( 1) of this section or of a condition
attached to a consent under this section, the person responsible
shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act.
(6) The magistrates' court convicting a person of an offence
under the preceding subsection may, if satisfied that the
offence is likely to continue or recur, make an order requiring
the execution of any works necessary to prevent it continuing or
recurring, and if that person without reasonable excuse contra-
venes any requirement of the order he shall be guilty of an
offence against this Part of this Act.
( 7 ) The magistrates' court may, after giving the local autho-
rity in whose area the premises are situated an opportunity of
being heard, direct the local authority to do anything which the
court has power under the preceding subsection to require
the person convicted to do, either instead of , or in addition to,
imposing any requirement on that person.
( 8) A consent given under this section shall contain a state-
ment to the effect that the consent does not of itself constitute
any ground of defence against any proceedings instituted under
section 59 of this Act.
PART III
i
i
c . 40
1048 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Reduction of
noise levels.
66.-( 1 ) If it appears to the local authority-
( a ) that the level of noise emanating from any premises to
which a noise abatement order applies is not acceptable
having regard to the purposes for which the order
was made ; and
(b) that a reduction in that level is practicable at reasonable
cost and would afford a public benefit,
the local authority may serve a notice on the person responsible.
( 2) The notice shall require that person-
( a) to reduce the level of noise emanating from the premises
to such level as may be specified in the notice ;
( b) to prevent any subsequent increase in the level of noise
emanating from those premises without the consent of
the local authority ; and
( c ) to take such steps as may be specified in the notice to
achieve those purposes.
( 3) Anotice under this section ( in this Part of this Act referred
to as a " noise reduction notice ") shall specify a time, not being
less than six months from the date of service of the notice,
within which the noise level is to be reduced to the specified level
and, where the notice specifies any steps necessary to achieve that
purpose, within which those steps shall be taken.
( 4) A noise reduction notice may specify particular times , or
particular days, during which the noise level is to be reduced,
and may require the noise level to be reduced to different levels
for different times or days.
( 5 ) A notice under this section shall take effect whether or
not a consent under the preceding section authorises a level of
noise higher than that specified in the notice.
( 6) The local authority shall record particulars of a noise
reduction notice in the noise level register.
( 7) A person who is served with a noise reduction notice may,
within three months of the date of service, appeal to a magis-
trates' court against the notice.
( 8) A person who without reasonable excuse contravenes a
noise reduction notice shall be guilty of an offence against this
Part of this Act.
( 9) . In proceedings for an offence under the preceding sub-
section in respect of noise caused in the course of a trade or
business, it shall be a defence to prove that the best practicable
means had been used for preventing, or for counteracting the
effect of, the noise.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1049
67.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the local authority- PART III
( a) that a building is going to be constructed and that a New build-
noise abatement order will apply to it when it is ings etc.
erected ; or
(b) that any premises will, as the result of any works, become
premises to which a noise abatement order applies,
the local authority may, on the application of the owner or
occupier of the premises or a person who satisfies the authority
that he is negotiating to acquire an interest in the premises or
on its own initiative, determine the level of noise which will
be acceptable as that emanating from the premises.
(2) The local authority shall record in the noise level register
the level of noise determined under this section for any premises.
(3) The local authority shall give notice of its intention to the
applicant or, in the case of a decision made on its own initiative,
to the owner or the occupier of the premises, and the recipient
of the notice may appeal to the Secretary of State against
that decision within three months of the date on which the local
authority notifies him of that decision ; and it shall be the duty
of the local authority to act in accordance with the decision of
the Secretary of State on the appeal.
( 4) If within the period of two months beginning with the
date when the local authority receives an application in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) of this section, the authority has
not given notice to the applicant of its decision on the applica-
tion, the authority shall be deemed to have given him notice on
the expiration of that period that it has decided not to make a
determination in pursuance of the application ; and the applicant
may accordingly appeal against the decision to the Secretary
of State in pursuance of the preceding subsection.
(5) Where at any time after the coming into force of a noise
abatement order any premises become premises to which the
order applies as a result of the construction of a building or as
a result of any works carried out on the premises but no level
of noise has been determined under this section as respects the
premises, section 66 of this Act shall apply as if-
(a ) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) were omitted ; and
( b) three months were substituted for six months in sub-
section (3 ) ; and
( c) subsection (9) were omitted.
Noise from plant or machinery
68.-( 1 ) Provision may be made by regulations-
( a) for requiring the use on or in connection with any Noise from
plant or machinery of devices or arrangements for plant or
reducing the noise caused by the plant or machinery ; machinery.
c .40
1050 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
1961 с. 64.
Execution
ofworks
bylocal authority.
( b) for limiting the level of noise which may be caused by
any plant or machinery when used for works to which
section 60 of this Act applies or which may be caused
outside a factory within the meaning of the Factories
Act 1961 by the use of plant or machinery in the
factory ;
and regulations under this section may apply standards, specifica-
tions, descriptions or tests laid down in documents not forming
part of the regulations.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he
makes regulations under this section, to consult persons appear-
ing to him to represent producers and users of plant and
machinery with a view to ensuring that the regulations do not
contain requirements which in his opinion would be imprac-
ticable or involve unreasonable expense.
( 3) Any person who contravenes or causes or permits another
person to contravene regulations under this section shall be guilty
of an offence against this Part of this Act; but in any proceedings
for a contravention of regulations made in pursuance of para-
graph (a) of subsection ( 1) of this section it shall be a defence
to prove that means were used for the purpose of reducing the
noise in question which were not less effective for that purpose
than the means required by the regulations.
( 4) Without prejudice to the generality of section 104( 1 ) (a) of
this Act, different regulations may be made under this section
for different localities, and it shall be the duty of each local
authority to enforce the provisions of regulations under this
section within its area ; but nothing in this section shall be taken
to authorise a local authority in Scotland to institute proceedings
for any offence.
( 5 ) Nothing in this section or in regulations under this section
shall be construed as derogating from any other provision of
this Part of this Act.
Supplemental
69.-( 1 ) This section applies-
(a ) to a notice under section 58 of this Act ;
( b ) to a noise reduction notice ; and
( c ) to an order of a magistrates' court under section 59(2)
or section 65(6) of this Act,
being a notice or order which requires any person to execute any
works.
( 2) If that person fails to execute all or any of the works in
accordance with the notice or order, the local authority may
execute those works.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1051
(3) Where a local authority execute works in pursuance of
(a ) section 59(6) or section 65( 7) of this Act ; or
(b) this section,
the local authority may recover from the person in default the
expenditure incurred by the local authority in executing the
works, except such of the expenditure as that person shows was
unnecessary in the circumstances.
In this and the following subsection " the person in default "
means
PART III
( i) in a case under section 59(6 ), the person against whom
the order was made under subsection ( 2) of that
section,
( ii ) in a case under section 65( 7), the person convicted of an
offence under subsection (5 ) of that section, and
( iii ) in any other case, the person to whom the notice or
order applies.
( 4 ) In proceedings to recover any amount due to a local
authority under the preceding subsection in respect of works
executed by the local authority in pursuance of this section, it
shall not be open to the person in default to raise any question
which he could have raised on an appeal against the notice or
order.
70.-( 1 ) Where any provision in this Part of this Act provides Appeals to
for an appeal to a magistrates' court, the procedure shall be by Secretary of
way of complaint for an order and the Magistrates ' Courts Act State and
1952 shall apply to the proceedings. magistrates'
court.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to appeals 1952 c. 55.
under this Part of this Act to the Secretary of State or, subject
to the preceding subsection, to magistrates' courts ; and the
regulations may in particular-
( a) include provisions comparable to those in section 290
of the Public Health Act 1936 (appeals against notices 1936 c. 49.
requiring the execution of works) ;
( b) prescribe the cases in which a notice under this Part
of this Act is, or is not, to be suspended until the
appeal is decided, or until some other stage in the
proceedings ;
(c) prescribe the cases in which the decision on appeal may
in some respects be less favourable to the appellant
than the decision from which he is appealing ;
( d ) prescribe the cases in which the appellant may claim
that a notice should have been served on some other
person and prescribe the procedure to be followed
in those cases .
c . 40
1052 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Codes of
practice for
minimising
noise .
"Best
practicable
means ".
(3) Regulations under this section may prescribe the pro-
cedure and practice as respect appeals to the Secretary of State
under this Part of this Act, and in particular may make provision
as respects-
( a) the particulars to be included in the notice of appeal ;
( b) the persons on whom notice of appeal is to be served
and the particulars, if any, to accompany the notice ;
and
( c ) the abandonment of an appeal.
( 4 ) In entertaining any appeal under this Part of this Act
the Secretary of State, or as the case may be the magistrates'
court , shall have regard to any duty imposed by law on the
appellant which concerns the activities in the course of which
the noise is emitted.
(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsection
(1) and the reference to that subsection in subsection (2) shall
not have effect.
71 .-( 1 ) For the purpose of giving guidance on appropriate
methods ( including the use of specified types of plant or mach-
inery ) for minimising noise, the Secretary of State may-
(a ) prepare and approve and issue such codes of practice
as in his opinion are suitable for the purpose ; and
(b) approve such codes of practice issued or proposed to
be issued otherwise than by the Secretary of State as
in the opinion of the Secretary of State are suitable for
the purpose.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall under paragraph (a) or para-
graph (b) of the preceding subsection approve a code of practice
for the carrying out of works to which section 60 of this Act
applies.
(3) The powers conferred by this section on the Secretary of
State shall be exercisable by order, and shall include power to
vary or revoke a previous order under this section .
72.-( 1 ) This section shall apply for the construction of
references in this Part of this Act to best practicable means.
( 2) In that expression " practicable " means reasonably prac-
ticable having regard among other things to local conditions
and circumstances, to the current state of technical knowledge
and to the financial implications.
(3) The means to be employed include the design, installation,
maintenance and manner and periods of operation of plant and
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1053
machinery, and the design, construction and maintenance of
buildings and acoustic structures.
( 4) The test of best practicable means is to apply only so
far as compatible with any duty imposed by law, and in par-
ticular is to apply to statutory undertakers only so far as com-
patible with the duties imposed on them in their capacity of
statutory undertakers .
( 5) The said test is to apply only so far as compatible with
safety and safe working conditions , and with the exigencies of
any emergency or unforeseeable circumstances.
( 6 ) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, regard
66
shall be had, in construing references to best practicable
means ", to any relevant provision of a code of practice approved
under the preceding section.
PART III
73.-( 1 ) Except where the context otherwise requires, in this Interpretation
Part of this Act- and other
supplementary
" contravention " includes a failure to comply with the provisions.
ود
provision in question, and “ contravene shall be
construed accordingly ;
" local authority " means-
( a) in England and Wales, the council of a district or a
London borough, the Common Council of the
City of London, the Sub-Treasurer of the Inner
Temple and the Under Treasurer of the Middle
Temple ; and
(b) in Scotland, an islands or district council ;
" noise " includes vibration ;
" noise abatement order " and " noise abatement zone
ود
have the meanings given by section 63 of this Act ;
" noise level register " has the meaning given by section
64( 2) of this Act ;
" noise reduction notice " has the meaning given by section
66(3) of this Act ;
" person responsible ", in relation to the emission of noise ,
means the person to whose act, default or sufferance
the noise is attributable ;
" statutory undertakers " means persons authorised by any
enactment to carry on any railway, light railway,
tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland
navigation, dock, harbour, pier or lighthouse under-
taking , or any undertaking for the supply of electricity,
gas, hydraulic power or water, and includes the Port
Office;
c . 40
1054 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART III
Penalties.
1897 с. 38.
" work of engineering construction " means the construc-
tion, structural alteration, maintenance or repair of
any railway line or siding or any dock, harbour, inland
navigation, tunnel, bridge, viaduct, waterworks, reser-
voir, pipeline, aqueduct, sewer, sewage works or gas-
holder.
( 2 ) The area of a local authority which includes part of the
seashore shall also include for the purposes of this Part of this
Act, except sections 62 to 67, the territorial sea lying seawards
from that part of the shore ; and-
( a) any question as to whether a place is within the area
of a local authority by virtue of this subsection shall
be determined by the Secretary of State ; and
(b) this Part of this Act ( except sections 62 to 67 and this
subsection) shall have effect, in relation to any area
included in the area of a local authority by virtue of
this subsection-
(i) as if references to premises and the occupier
of premises included respectively a vessel and the
master of a vessel, and
(ii) with such other modifications, if any, as are
prescribed.
(3) Where more than one person is responsible for noise, this
Part of this Act shall apply to each of those persons whether
or not what any one of them is responsible for would by itself
amount to a nuisance, or would result in a level of noise
justifying action under this Part of this Act.
( 4) This Part of this Act does not apply to noise caused by
aircraft other than model aircraft and does not confer functions
on port health authorities.
74.-( 1 ) A person guilty of an offence against this Part of
this Act shall be liable on summary conviction-
( a ) in the case of a first offence against this Part of this
Act, to a fine not exceeding £200 ; and
( b) in the case of a second or subsequent offence against this
Part of this Act, to a fine not exceeding £ 400,
together, in any case, with a further fine not exceeding £50 for
each day on which the offence continues after the conviction.
( 2 ) In determining whether an offence is a second or
subsequent offence against this Part of this Act, account shall
be taken of any offence-
( a ) under section 24 of the Public Health (Scotland) Act
1897 by way of contravening a decree or interdict
relating to noise ; or
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1055
( b) under section 95 of the Public Health Act 1936 by way
of contravening a nuisance order relating to noise,
as if it were an offence against this Part of this Act.
PART III
1936 с. 49
PART IV
POLLUTION OF THE ATMOSPHERE
Prevention of atmospheric pollution
75.-( 1 ) For the purpose of limiting or reducing air pollution, Regulations
the Secretary of State may by regulations-
about motor
fuel.
( a ) impose requirements as to the composition and con-
tents of any fuel of a kind used in motor vehicles ; and
( b) where such requirements are in force, prevent or restrict
the production, treatment, distribution, import, sale
or use of any fuel which in any respect fails to comply
with the requirements, and which is for use in the
United Kingdom.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he
makes any regulations in pursuance of this section, to consult
such persons appearing to him to represent manufacturers and
users of motor vehicles, such persons appearing to him to repre-
sent the producers and users of fuel for motor vehicles and such
persons appearing to him to be conversant with problems of
air pollution as he considers appropriate.
( 3) Regulations under this section-
( a ) in imposing requirements as to the composition and
contents of any fuel, may apply standards, specifica-
tions, descriptions or tests laid down in documents not
forming part of the regulations ;
( b) may authorise the Secretary of State to confer exemp-
tions from any provision of the regulations.
( 4 ) Where fuel is subject to requirements as to composition
or contents imposed by regulations under this section, the regu-
lations may, in order that persons to whom the fuel is supplied
are afforded information as to its composition or contents,
impose requirements for securing that the information is dis-
played at such places and in such manner as may be prescribed
by the regulations.
( 5 ) It shall be the duty of every local weights and measures
authority to enforce the provisions of regulations under this
section within its area ; and subsections (2 ) and (3) of section
26 of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 (reports and inquiries) 1968 c. 29.
shall apply as respects those authorities' functions under this
subsection as they apply to their functions under that Act.
c . 40
1056 Control ofPollution Act 1974
1968 с. 29. PART IV
(6) The following provisions of the Trade Descriptions Act
1968 shall apply in relation to the enforcement of regulations
under this section as they apply to the enforcement of that Act,
that is to say-
section 27 (power to make test purchases) ;
section 28 (power to enter premises and inspect and
seize goods and documents) ;
section 29 (obstruction of authorised officers) ;
section 30 (notice of test ) ,
and section 33 of that Act shall apply to the exercise of powers
under section 28 as applied by this subsection.
References to an offence under that Act in those provisions as
applied by this subsection, except the reference in section 30(2)
to an offence under section 28(5) or 29 of that Act, shall be
construed as references to an offence under section 77 of this
Act relating to regulations under this section.
( 7) In relation to Scotland-
(a) nothing in subsection (5) of this section authorises a local
weights and measures authority to institute proceedings
for an offence ;
( b) regulations under this section may provide that certifi-
cates issued by such persons as may be specified by the
regulations in relation to such matters as may be so
specified shall, subject to the provisions of the regula-
tions, be received in evidence, and be sufficient evidence,
of those matters in any proceedings for an offence under
regulations made under this section ; and the regula-
tions may apply any of the provisions of subsections
( 2) to ( 4) of section 31 of the Trade Descriptions Act
1968 (evidence by certificate) .
( 8) In Northern Ireland it shall be the duty of the Depart-
ment of Commerce to enforce the provisions of regulations under
this section ; and accordingly this section shall have effect in
relation to Northern Ireland with the omission of subsection (5) ,
and it is hereby declared that in relation to Northern Ireland
the references in subsection (6) to provisions of the said Act
of 1968 are references to those provisions as modified by section
40( 1 ) (b) and (c) of that Act.
( 9) The Secretary of State shall for each financial year pay
into the Consolidated Fund of Northern Ireland such sum as
the Secretary of State and the Department of Commerce for
Northern Ireland may agree to be appropriate as representing
the expenses incurred by that Department in enforcing the pro-
visions of any regulations made under this section .
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1057
76.-(1 ) For the purpose of limiting or reducing air pollution,
PART IV
the Secretary of State may by regulations impose limits on the Regulations
sulphur content of oil fuel which is used in furnaces or engines. about sulphur content of
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he oil fuel for
makes any regulations in pursuance of this section , to consult furnaces or
such persons appearing to him to represent producers and engines.
users of oil fuel, such persons appearing to him to represent
manufacturers and users of plant and equipment for which oil
fuel is used and such persons appearing to him to be conversant
with problems of air pollution as he considers appropriate.
( 3) Regulations under this section-
( a ) may prescribe the kinds of oil fuel, and the kinds of
furnaces and engines, to which the regulations are to
apply;
( b ) may apply standards, specifications, descriptions or tests
laid down in documents not forming part of the
regulations ;
( c ) may authorise the Secretary of State to confer exemp-
tions from any provision of the regulations ;
( d ) may, without prejudice to the generality of section
104(1)( a) of this Act, make different provision for
different areas.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty-
( a ) of every local authority to enforce the provisions of
regulations under this section within its area, except in
relation to a furnace which is part of a work subject
to the Alkali Act ; and
( b ) of the inspectors appointed under that Act to enforce
those provisions in relation to such furnaces ;
but nothing in this section shall be taken to authorise a local
authority in Scotland to institute proceedings for any offence.
( 5 ) In this section " oil fuel " means any liquid petroleum
product produced in a refinery.
77.- (1 ) A person who contravenes or fails to comply with Provisions
any provision of regulations under either of the two preceding supplementary
to ss. 75 and
sections shall be guilty of an offence and liable
76 .
( a ) on conviction on indictment to a fine ; and
( b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400 :
Provided that the regulations may in any case exclude liability
to conviction on indictment, and may in any case reduce the
maximum fine on summary conviction.
( 2 ) Regulations under each of the two preceding sections shall,
subject to any provision to the contrary in the regulations, apply
Part II D
c . 40
1058 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART IV Cable burning. Research and
publicity.
to fuel used for, and to persons in, the public service of the
Crown as they apply to fuel used for other purposes and to
other persons ; but a local authority shall not be entitled by
virtue of this subsection to exercise, in relation to fuel used for
and persons in that service, any power conferred on the authority
by virtue of sections 91 to 93 of this Act.
78. -(1) A person who burns insulation from a cable with a
view to recovering metal from the cable shall be guilty of an
offence under this subsection unless the place at which he does
so is a work registered in pursuance of section 9 of the Alkali
Act.
(2) Section 16A of the Alkali Act (which, as amended by this
Act, provides that certain offences under that Act shall be
punishable on summary conviction by a fine not exceeding £ 400
or £50 a day in the case of certain continuing offences and that
proceedings for the offences shall not be brought in England
and Wales except by an inspector or with the consent of the
Secretary of State ) shall apply to an offence under the preceding
subsection as it applies to the offences mentioned in that section.
Information about atmospheric pollution
79.-( 1 ) A local authority may-
( a) undertake, or contribute towards the cost of , investiga-
tion and research relevant to the problem of air
pollution ; and
( b) arrange for the publication of information on that
problem.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
section, local authorities may obtain information about the
emission of pollutants and other substances into the air-
( a) by issuing notices under the following section ; and
(b) by measuring and recording the emissions, and for that
purpose entering on any premises, whether by agreement
or in exercise of the power conferred by section 91 of
this Act ; and
( c ) by entering into arrangements with occupiers of premises
under which they measure and record emissions on
behalf of the local authority ;
but references to premises in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this sub-
section do not include private dwellings .
( 3) A local authority shall not be entitled to exercise the power
mentioned in paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection for the
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1059
purpose of measuring and recording such emissions on any PART IV
premises unless-
( a ) the authority has given to the occupier of the premises a
notice-
(i) specifying the kind of emissions in question and
the steps it proposes to take on the premises for the
purpose of measuring and recording emissions of that
kind, and
(ii) stating that it proposes to exercise that power
for that purpose unless the occupier makes a request
to the authority in pursuance of the following provi-
sions of this subsection ; and
( b ) the period of twenty- one days beginning with the day
on which the notice was given has expired,
and shall not be entitled to exercise that power in consequence
ofthe notice if during that period the occupier gives a notice to
the authority requesting it to serve on him a notice under the
following section with respect to the emissions .
( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall authorise a local authority
to investigate emissions from any work subject to the Alkali Act
otherwise than by issuing notices under the following section,
or by exercising the powers conferred on the authority by sub-
section ( 1 )(a) of this section without entering the work.
( 5 ) In acting under subsection ( 1) (b) of this section, a local
authority shall ensure that the material published is presented
in such a way that no information relating to a trade secret is
disclosed, except with the consent in writing of a person authorised
to disclose it or with the consent of the Secretary of State.
( 6) Breach of a duty imposed by the preceding subsection
shall be actionable ; but in any proceedings, whether civil or
criminal, brought against a local authority, or any member or
officer of a local authority, on the grounds that any information
has been published, it shall be a defence to show that it was
published in compliance with the preceding provisions of this
section .
( 7) The preceding subsection applies in particular to any
proceedings brought under section 26 of the Clean Air Act 1956 1956 c. 52 .
( which, as amended by subsection ( 10) of this section, makes it
an offence to disclose information relating to any trade secret) .
( 8) So long as a local authority exercises any of its powers
under subsection (2) of this section, it shall from time to time
consult such persons carrying on any trade or business in the
authority's area, or such organisations appearing to the authority
tobe representative of those persons, and such persons appearing
to the authority to be conversant with problems of air pollution
D2
.c.40
1060 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART IV
1956 с. 52.
Notices
requiring information
about air
pollution.
or to have an interest in local amenity as appear to the authority
to be appropriate-
( a) about the way in which the local authority exercises its
powers under this and the following section ; and
( b) about the extent to which, and the manner in which,
any information collected under those powers should
be made available to the public.
( 9) The consultations shall take place from time to time as the
authority think necessary, but not less than twice in each
financial year.
( 10) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 25 of the Clean Air Act
1956 (which are superseded by the provisions of this section)
shall cease to have effect, and in paragraph ( c) of that section
for the words " that problem " there shall be substituted the
words " the problem of the pollution of the air " ; and in section
26 of that Act (which relates to the unjustified disclosure of
information relating to any manufacturing process or trade
secret) the words " manufacturing process or " shall cease to
have effect.
80.-( 1 ) A local authority may by notice require the occupier
of any premises in its area to furnish, whether by periodical
returns or by other means, such estimates or other information
as may be specified or described in the notice concerning the
emission of pollutants and other substances into the air from
the premises.
( 2) This section shall not apply to premises in so far as they
consist of a private dwelling.
( 3) If the notice relates to a work subject to the Alkali Act, the
person on whom the notice is served shall not be obliged to
supply any information which, as certified by an inspector
appointed under that Act, is not of a kind which is being
supplied to the inspector for the purposes of that Act .
( 4) The person on whom a notice is served under this section
shall comply with the notice within six weeks of the date of
service, or within such longer period as the local authority may
by notice allow.
( 5) A notice under this section shall not require returns at
intervals of less than three months, and no one notice ( whether
or not requiring periodical returns) shall call for information
covering a period of more than twelve months.
(6 ) Except so far as regulations provide otherwise, this section
shall apply to premises used for, and to persons in, the public
service of the Crown as it applies to other premises and persons ;
but a local authority shall not be entitled by virtue of this
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1061
subsection to exercise, in relation to premises used for and persons in that service, any power conferred on the authority by
virtue of sections 91 to 93 of this Act.
( 7 ) A person who-
( a ) fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the
requirements of a notice served on him in pursuance
of this section ; or
(b) in furnishing any estimate or other information in com-
pliance with a notice under this section, makes any
statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular or recklessly makes any statement which is
false in a material particular,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 8) Where a person is convicted of an offence under the
preceding subsection in respect of any premises and information
of any kind, nothing in subsection ( 3) of the preceding section
shall prevent a local authority from exercising the power of
entry there mentioned for the purpose of obtaining information
of that kind in respect of the premises.
PART IV
81.- (1 ) A person served with a notice under the preceding Appeals
section, or any other person having an interest in the premises to against
which the notice relates, may appeal to the Secretary of State notices.
( a) on the ground that the giving to the authority or the
disclosure to the public of all or part of the informa-
tion required by the notice would-
( i) prejudice to an unreasonable degree some
private interest by disclosing information about a
trade secret, or
(ii) be contrary to the public interest, or
( b) on the ground that the information required by the
notice is not immediately available and cannot readily
be collected or obtained by the recipient of the notice
without incurring undue expenditure for the purpose.
( 2 ) If the Secretary of State allows the appeal he may direct
the local authority to withdraw or modify the notice, or to take
such steps as may be specified by the Secretary of State to
ensure that prejudicial information is not disclosed to the
public ; and it shall be the duty of the authority to comply with
the direction.
( 3) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to appeals
under this section, including regulations about the time for
bringing an appeal and the circumstances in which all or any
part of the appellant's case is to be withheld from the respondent ;
D 3
c . 40
1062 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART IV but it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he
makes any regulations under this subsection, to consult such
persons appearing to him to represent local authorities, such
persons appearing to him to represent industrial interests and
such persons appearing to him to be conversant with problems
of air pollution as he considers appropriate.
Regulations 82.- (1) The Secretary of State shall by regulations prescribe
about research the manner in which, and the methods by which, local authori-
and publicity . ties are to perform their functions under sections 79 and 80
ofthisAct.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before
he makes regulations under this section, to consult such persons
appearing to him to represent local authorities, such persons
appearing to him to represent industrial interests and such
persons appearing to him to be conversant with problems of air
pollution as he considers appropriate.
( 3) Regulations under this section may in particular-
( a ) prescribe the kinds of emissions to which notices under
section 80 of this Act may relate ;
( b) prescribe the kinds of information which may be
required by those notices ;
( c) prescribe the manner in which any such notice is to be
given , and the evidence which is to be sufficient
evidence of its having been given, and of its contents
and authenticity ;
( d ) require each local authority to maintain in a prescribed
form a register containing-
( i) information obtained by the authority by virtue
of section 79( 2) of this Act, other than information
as to which a direction in pursuance of subsection (2)
of the preceding section provides that the information
is not to be disclosed to the public ; and
( ii) such information (if any) as the Secretary of
State may determine, or as may be determined by or
under regulations, with respect to any appeal in
pursuance of the preceding section which was against
a notice served by the authority and which the
Secretary of State did not dismiss ;
( e) specify the circumstances in which local authorities may
enter into arrangements with owners or occupiers of
premises under which they will record and measure
emissions on behalf of the local authorities ;
( f ) specify the kinds of apparatus which local authorities
are to have power to provide and use for measuring
and recording emissions, and for other purposes.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1063
( 4 ) Regulations under subsection (3)(b) of this section may in
particular require returns of-
( a ) the total volume of gases, whether pollutant or not ,
discharged from the premises in question over any
period;
( b ) the concentration of pollutant in the gases discharged ;
( c ) the total of the pollutant discharged over any period ;
(d ) the height or heights at which discharges take place ;
(e) the hours during which discharges take place ;
( f ) the concentration of pollutants at ground level .
PART IV
( 5) A register maintained by a local authority in pursuance
of regulations made by virtue of subsection ( 3) ( d ) of this section
shall be open to public inspection at the principal office of the
authority free of charge at all reasonable hours, and the authority
shall afford members of the public reasonable facilities for
obtaining from the authority, on payment of reasonable charges ,
copies of entries in the register.
83.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, for the purpose of Provision
obtaining information about air pollution, direct a local by local
authority to make such arrangements as may be specified in authorities of
the direction- information
for Secretary
( a ) for the provision, installation, operation and mainten- of State.
ance by the local authority of apparatus for measuring
and recording air pollution ; and
( b) for transmitting the information so obtained to the
Secretary of State.
(2) Where apparatus is provided in pursuance of a direction
under the preceding subsection, the Secretary of State shall
defray the whole of the capital expenditure incurred by a local
authority in providing and installing the apparatus.
( 3) Before giving a direction under subsection ( 1) of this
section the Secretary of State shall consult the local authority,
and it shall be the duty of the local authority to comply with
any direction given under that subsection.
Interpretation
84.- (1) In this Part of this Act-
" local authority " means-
( a) in England and Wales, the council of a district
or a London borough, the Common Council of the
D4
Interpretation
of Part IV.
c . 40
1064 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART IV
1968 с. 62.
City of London, the Sub- Treasurer of the Inner
Temple and the Under Treasurer of the Middle
Temple, and
(b) in Scotland, an islands or district council ;
" private dwelling " has the same meaning as in Part I of
this Act ; and
" a work subject to the Alkali Act " means a work regis-
tered under section 9 of the Alkali Act, excluding the
whole or part of such a work while the work or part
is the subject of an order made or treated as made under
subsection (3) of section 11 of the Clean Air Act 1968
( under which certain enactments relating to clean air
which apart from that subsection do not apply to works
so registered may be applied to such works).
(2) References in this Part of this Act to the emission of
substances into the atmosphere shall be construed as applying
to substances in a gaseous or liquid or solid state, or any com-
bination of those states.
(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act to measurement
includes a reference to the taking of samples .
Appeals to
Crown
Court or
Court of
Session
against
decisions of
magistrates'
court or
sheriff .
PART V
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Legal proceedings
85.- ( 1 ) An appeal against any decision of a magistrates '
court in pursuance of this Act (other than a decision made in
criminal proceedings) shall lie to the Crown Court at the instance
of any party to the proceedings in which the decision was given
if such an appeal does not lie to the Crown Court by virtue of
any other enactment.
( 2) In Scotland an appeal against any decision of the sheriff
in pursuance of this Act (other than a decision made in criminal
proceedings) shall lie to the Court of Session at the instance of
any party to the proceedings in which the decision was given if
such an appeal does not lie to the Court of Session by virtue of
any other enactment.
(3) Where a person appeals to the Crown Court or the Court
of Session against a decision of a magistrates' court or the
sheriff dismissing an appeal against a notice served in pursuance
of this Act which was suspended pending determination of that
appeal, the notice shall again be suspended pending the deter-
mination of the appeal to the Crown Court or Court of Session .
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1065
86.- ( 1) Section 265 of the Public Health Act 1875 (which PARTV
relates to the protection from personal liability of members and Protection
officers of certain authorities when acting under the direction ofmembers
of the authorities ) shall have effect as if references to those and officers
of authorities
authorities and that Act included respectively references to water from
authorities and this Act.
personal liability.
( 2) This section does not apply to Scotland.
1875 с. 55.
87.- ( 1 ) When an offence under this Act which has been Miscellaneous
committed by a body corporate is proved to have been com- provisions
mitted with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable relating
to legal
to any neglect on the part of , any director, manager, secretary proceedings.
or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person
who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the
body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and be liable
to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members the preceding provisions of this subsection shall apply
in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection
with his functions of management as if he were a director of
the body corporate.
( 2) Where the commission by any person of an offence under
this Act is due to the act or default of some other person, that
other person shall be guilty of the offence ; and a person may
be charged with and convicted of an offence by virtue of this
subsection whether or not proceedings for the offence are taken
against any other person.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magistrates' 1952 c. 55.
Courts Act 1952, a magistrates' court in England and Wales may
try an information for an offence under section 3 (2) or (3) of this
Act or by virtue of section 18( 2 ) of this Act or under section
31 ( 1) of this Act or regulations or byelaws made in pursuance
of section 31 of this Act if the information is laid within one
year from the commission of the offence ; and notwithstanding
anything in section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) 1954 c. 48.
Act 1954, summary proceedings in Scotland for any such offence
may be commenced at any time within one year from the time
when the offence was committed, and subsection (2) of section 23
of the said Act of 1954 shall apply for the purposes of this sub-
section, in its application to Scotland, as that subsection applies
for the purposes of that section.
( 4) Where an appeal against a decision of a relevant authority
lies to a magistrates' court by virtue of any provision of this Act,
it shall be the duty of the authority to include in any document
by which it notifies the decision to the person concerned a state-
ment indicating that such an appeal lies as aforesaid and specify-
ing the time within which it must be brought.
:
c . 40
1066 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTV
( 5 ) Where on an appeal to any court against or arising out
of a decision of a relevant authority in pursuance of this Act
the court varies or reverses the decision it shall be the duty of
the authority to act in accordance with the court's decision.
( 6) A judge of any court and a justice of the peace shall not
be disqualified from acting in cases arising under this Act by
reason of his being, as one of several ratepayers or as one of
any other class of persons, liable in common with the others to
contribute to or be benefited by any rate or fund out of which
any expenses of a relevant authority are to be defrayed.
Civil liability
88.- ( 1 ) Where any damage is caused by poisonous, noxious
for
or polluting waste which has been deposited on land, any person
contravention who deposited it or caused or knowingly permitted it to be
of s. 3( 3).
deposited, in either case so as to commit an offence under
section 3 (3) or by virtue of section 18(2) of this Act, is liable for
the damage except where the damage-
( a) was due wholly to the fault of the person who suffered
it ; or
(b) was suffered by a person who voluntarily accepted the
risk thereof.
( 2) The matters which under paragraphs (a) to (c) of sub-
section (4 ) of section 3 of this Act may be proved by way of
defence to a charge of committing an offence under subsection
( 3) of that section may be proved also by way of defence to an
action brought by virtue of the preceding subsection (the
reference in the said paragraph (a) to the charge being construed
as a reference to the act alleged to give rise to the liability) .
1945 с. 28 .
( 3) In this section-
" damage " includes the death of, or injury to, any person
( including any disease and any impairment of physical
or mental condition) ;
" fault " has the same meaning as in the Law Reform
( Contributory Negligence) Act 1945 ; and
" land " includes such water as is mentioned in section 4( 4)
of this Act .
( 4 ) For the purposes of the following enactments, namely-
(a ) the Fatal Accidents Acts 1846 to 1959 ;
( b) the Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945 ;
and
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1067
( c ) the Limitation Acts 1939 and 1963 and the Law Reform
( Limitation of Actions, &c.) Act 1954,
and for the purposes of any action of damages in Scotland
arising out of the death of , or personal injury to, any person,
any damage for which a person is liable under subsection (1) of
this section shall be treated as due to his fault.
( 5 ) Subsection ( 1) of this section is without prejudice to any
liability which arises apart from the provisions of this section.
PARTV
1954 с. 36.
Financial provisions
89.- ( 1) There shall be paid out of money provided by Expenses and
Parliament-
receiptsof Secretaryof
( a) any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State for the
Stateetc.
purposes of this Act ; and
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable under any other Act out of money
so provided.
( 2 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State by virtue of
this Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
90.-( 1 ) Where a sum is payable to a water authority by Establishment
any person by virtue of this Act in respect of the expenses charges and
interest in
incurred by the authority, the authority shall be entitled to respect of
recover from that person such a further sum in respect of certain
its establishment charges as appears to the authority to be expenses of
reasonable. authorities .
( 2 ) Where such a sum or further sum as is mentioned in the
preceding subsection is payable to a water authority by any
person or a sum is payable to any other relevant authority
by any person by virtue of this Act in respect of the expenses
incurred by the authority or by virtue of section 36 of the Local 1974 c. 7.
Government Act 1974 in respect of establishment charges related
to such expenses or by virtue of section 193 of the Local
Government (Scotland) Act 1947 in respect of general expenses 1947 c. 43.
related to such expenses, then-
( a ) the authority and that person may agree that the sum
or further sum shall be paid in instalments ; and
( b) the authority shall be entitled to receive from that
person interest on the sum or further sum, or on such
portion of it as is for the time being unpaid, at the
rate fixed by subsection ( 2) of section 171 of the Local
Government Act 1972 or, in Scotland, subsection (2) 1972 с. 70.
of section 121 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act
1973 (which fix a rate of one quarter per cent. above 1973 с. 65.
c . 40
1068 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTV
the rate determined by the Treasury in relation to the
loans mentioned in that subsection ).
( 3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the
references to a water authority there shall be substituted refer-
ences to a river purification board established under section 135
of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973.
Rights of
entry and
inspection etc.
Miscellaneous
91.-( 1 ) Any person authorised in writing in that behalf by a
relevant authority may at any reasonable time-
( a) enter upon any land or vessel for the purpose of-
(i) performing any function conferred on the
authority or that person by virtue of this Act, or
(ii ) determining whether, and if so in what
manner, such a function should be performed, or
( iii) determining whether any provision of this Act
or of an instrument made by virtue of this Act is
being complied with ;
( b) carry out such inspections, measurements and tests on
the land or vessel or of any articles on it and take
away such samples of the land or articles as he con-
siders appropriate for such a purpose.
( 2) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace
on sworn information in writing-
( a) that admission to any land or vessel which a person
is entitled to enter in pursuance of the preceding sub-
section has been refused to that person or that refusal
is apprehended or that the land or vessel is unoccupied
or that the occupier is temporarily absent or that the
case is one of emergency or that an application for
admission would defeat the object of the entry ; and
( b) that there is reasonable ground for entry upon the land
or vessel for the purpose for which entry is required,
then, subject to the following subsection, the justice may by
warrant under his hand authorise that person to enter the land
or vessel , if need be by force.
( 3) A justice of the peace shall not issue a warrant in
pursuance of the preceding subsection in respect of any land
or vessel unless he is satisfied-
( a) that admission to the land or vessel in pursuance of
subsection ( 1 ) of this section was sought after not less
than seven days notice of the intended entry had been
served on the occupier ; or
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1069
( b) that admission to the land or vessel in pursuance of PARTV
that subsection was sought in an emergency and was
refused by or on behalf of the occupier ; or
( c ) that the land or vessel is unoccupied ; or
( d ) that an application for admission to the land or vessel
would defeat the object of the entry.
( 4 ) A warrant issued in pursuance of this section shall con-
tinue in force until the purpose for which the entry is required
has been satisfied.
( 5) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) in subsection ( 1), any reference to this Act shall include
a reference to the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) 1951 c. 66.
( Scotland ) Act 1951 ;
(b) any reference to a justice of the peace shall include a
reference to the sheriff.
92.-( 1 ) A person authorised to enter upon any land or vessel Provisions
in pursuance of the preceding section shall , if so required , pro- to 91.
supplementary
duce evidence of his authority before he enters upon the land or
vessel.
( 2) A person so authorised may take with him on to the land
or vessel in question such other persons and such equipment as
may be necessary.
( 3) Admission to any land or vessel used for residential
purposes and admission with heavy equipment to any other land
or vessel shall not, except in an emergency or in a case where the
land or vessel is unoccupied, be demanded as of right in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) of the preceding section unless a
notice of the intended entry has been served on the occupier
not less than seven days before the demand.
( 4) A person who, in the exercise of powers conferred on
him by virtue of the preceding section or this section, enters
upon any land or vessel which is unoccupied or of which the
occupier is temporarily absent shall leave the land or vessel as
effectually secured against trespassers as he found it.
( 5) It shall be the duty of a relevant authority to make full
compensation to any person who has sustained damage by
reasonof-
( a) the exercise by a person authorised by the authority
of any powers conferred on the person so authorised
by virtue of the preceding section or this section ; or
( b) the failure of a person so authorised to perform the
duty imposed on him by the preceding subsection,
except where the damage is attributable to the default of the
c . 40
1070 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTV
Powerof
authorities
to obtain
information.
1951 с. 66.
person who sustained it ; and any dispute as to a person's entitle-
ment to compensation in pursuance of this subsection or as
to the amount of the compensation shall be determined by
arbitration.
(6 ) A person who wilfully obstructs another person acting in
the exercise of any powers conferred on the other person by
virtue of the preceding section or this section shall be guilty of
an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £100.
( 7) In the preceding section and this section any reference to
an emergency is a reference to a case where a person requiring
entry to any land or vessel has reasonable cause to believe that
circumstances exist which are likely to endanger life or health
and that immediate entry to the land or vessel is necessary to
verify the existence of those circumstances or to ascertain their
cause or to effect a remedy.
93.-( 1 ) Subject to the following subsection, a relevant autho
rity may serve on any person a notice requiring him to furnish
to the authority, within a period or at times specified in the
notice and in a form so specified, any information so specified
which the authority reasonably considers that it needs for the
purposes of any function conferred on the authority by this Act.
( 2) Provision may be made by regulations for restricting the
information which may be required in pursuance of the pre-
ceding subsection and for determining the form in which the
information is to be so required.
(3) A person who-
( a ) fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the
requirements of a notice served on him in pursuance of
this section ; or
(b) in furnishing any information in compliance with such
a notice, makes any statement which he knows to be
false in a material particular or recklessly makes any
statement which is false in a material particular,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection
(1) the reference to this Act shall include a reference to the
Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act 1951 .
Prohibition of 94.-( 1) If a person discloses information relating to any
disclosure of trade secret used in carrying on a particular undertaking and
information. the information has been given to him or obtained by him by
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1071
virtue of this Act he shall, subject to the following subsection,
be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under the
preceding subsection by virtue of the disclosure of any informa-
tion if-
PARTV
( a ) the disclosure is made-
(i ) in the performance of his duty, or
(ii ) in pursuance of section 79( 1 )(b) of this Act, or
(iii) with the consent in writing of a person having
a right to disclose the information ; or
(b) the information is of a kind prescribed for the purposes
of this paragraph and, if regulations made for those
purposes provide that information of that kind may
only be disclosed in pursuance of the regulations to
prescribed persons, the disclosure is to a prescribed
person.
( 3) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection
( 1) the reference to this Act shall include a reference to the
Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) ( Scotland ) Act 1951 .
1951 с. 66.
95.-(1) Any document required or authorised by virtue of Service of
this Act to be served on a water authority shall be so served documents
onandby
by addressing it to the authority and leaving it at or sending it water
by post to the principal office of the authority or any other authorities.
office specified by the authority as one at which it will accept
documents of the same kind as that document.
( 2) Any document required or authorised by virtue of this
Act to be served on a person by a water authority may be so
served-
(a ) by delivering it to him or by leaving it at his proper
address or by sending it by post to him at that address ;
or
( b) if the person is a body corporate, by serving it in
accordance with the preceding paragraph on the secre-
tary or clerk of that body ; or
( c ) if the person is a partnership, by serving it as aforesaid
on a partner or a person having the control or manage
ment of the partnership business.
( 3) For the purposes of this section and section 26 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the service of docu- 1889 c. 63.
ments by post ) in its application to this section, the proper
address of any person on whom a document is to be served
c . 40
1072 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTV
Local
inquiries.
1972 с. 70.
by a water authority shall be his last known address, except
that-
( a) in the case of service on a body corporate or its
secretary or clerk it shall be the address of the
registered or principal office of the body ;
( b) in the case of service on a partnership or a partner
or a person having the control or management of the
partnership business it shall be the principal office of
the partnership ;
and for the purposes of this subsection the principal office of a
company registered outside the United Kingdom or of a partner-
ship carrying on business outside the United Kingdom is its
principal office within the United Kingdom.
( 4 ) If a person to be served by virtue of this Act with any
document by a water authority has specified an address within
the United Kingdom other than his proper address (as deter-
mined in pursuance of the preceding subsection ) as the one at
which he or someone on his behalf will accept documents of the
same kind as that document, that address shall also be treated
as his proper address for the purposes of this section and the
said section 26 in its application to this section .
( 5) If the name or address of any owner or occupier
of land on whom by virtue of this Act any document is to be
served by a water authority cannot after reasonable inquiry be
ascertained, the document may be served either by leaving it in
the hands of a person who is or appears to be resident or
employed on the land or by leaving it conspicuously affixed
to some building or object on the land.
( 6 ) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section relates
to service of a document in proceedings in court.
( 7) This section shall not apply to Scotland.
96.-( 1) The Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to
be held in any case in which he considers it appropriate for
such an inquiry to be held either in connection with a provision
of this Act or with a view to preventing or dealing with pollution
or noise at any place.
( 2 ) Subsections ( 2) to (5) of section 250 of the Local Govern-
ment Act 1972 (which contain supplementary provisions with
respect to local inquiries held in pursuance of that section) shall,
without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) of that
section, apply to inquiries in England and Wales in pursuance
of the preceding subsection as they apply to inquiries in pur-
suance of that section but as if the reference to a local authority
in subsection ( 4 ) included a reference to a water authority.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1073
( 3) Subsections ( 2 ) to ( 8) of section 210 of the Local Govern- PARTV
ment (Scotland ) Act 1973 ( local inquiries) shall, without prejudice 1973 c. 65.
to the generality of subsection (1) of that section, apply to
inquiries in Scotland in pursuance of subsection (1) of this
section as they apply to inquiries held in pursuance of that
section but as if the reference to a local authority in subsection
( 7 ) included a reference to a river purification authority.
97.-( 1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that any other Default
relevant authority has failed to perform any functions which it powers.
ought to have performed, he may make an order declaring
the authority to be in default.
( 2 ) An order made by virtue of the preceding subsection
which declares an authority to be in default may, for the purpose
of remedying the default, direct the authority ( hereafter in this
section referred to as " the defaulting authority ") to perform
such of its functions as are specified in the order and may
specify the manner in which and the time or times within which
those functions are to be performed by the authority.
( 3) If the defaulting authority fails to comply with any direc-
tion contained in such an order the Secretary of State may,
instead of enforcing the order by mandamus, make an order
transferring to himself such of the functions of the authority
as he thinks fit.
( 4 ) Where any functions of the defaulting authority are trans-
ferred in pursuance of the preceding subsection, the amount of
any expenses which the Secretary of State certifies were incurred
by him in performing those functions shall on demand be paid
tohim by the defaulting authority.
(5) Any expenses which in pursuance of the preceding sub-
section are required to be paid by the defaulting authority in
respect of any functions transferred in pursuance of this section
shall be defrayed by the authority in the like manner, and shall
be debited to the like account, as if the functions had not been
transferred and the expenses had been incurred by the authority
in performing them ; and the authority shall have the like
powers for the purpose of raising any money required in
pursuance of this subsection as the authority would have had
for the purpose of raising money required for defraying expenses
incurred for the purposes of the functions in question.
( 6 ) An order transferring any functions of the defaulting
authority in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of this section may
provide for the transfer to the Secretary of State of such of the
property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the authority as he
considers appropriate ; and where such an order is revoked the
Secretary of State may, by the revoking order or a subsequent
c . 40
1074 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PARTV
order, make such provision as he considers appropriate with
respect to any property, rights, liabilities and obligations held
byhim for the purposes of the transferred functions.
( 7) The Secretary of State may by order vary or revoke
any order previously made by him in pursuance of this section.
( 8 ) In this section " functions ", in relation to an authority,
means functions conferred on the authority by virtue of this
Act .
( 9) This section shall not apply to Scotland.
Interpretation of Part V.
98. In this Part of this Act-
" functions " includes powers and duties ; and
" relevant authority " means-
( a) in England and Wales, the Secretary of State,
a water authority, a county council, the Greater
London Council, a district council, a London
borough council, the Common Council of the City
of London, the Sub-Treasurer of the Inner Temple
and the Under Treasurer of the Middle Temple ; and
( b) in Scotland, the Secretary of State, a river
purification authority, an islands council or a district
council.
PART VI
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
Alteration
99. The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act shall
of penalties. have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule ( which
alter the penalties for the offences to which those enactments
relate ).
Power to
prohibit or
restrict the
importation
anduse etc
ofinjurious substancos.
100.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations prohibit
or restrict-
( a ) the importation into and the landing and unloading in
the United Kingdom ; or
( b) the use in connection with any trade or business or manu-
facturing process ; or
( c) the supply for any purpose,
of any substance specified in the regulations (whether natural or
artificial and whether in a solid or liquid or other form) if he
considers it appropriate to do so for the purpose of preventing the
substance from causing damage to persons, animals or plants or
pollution of air, water or land.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1075
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State before he makes any regulations in pursuance of the preceding subsection-
( a ) to consult persons appearing to him to represent persons
whose activities are likely to be prohibited or restricted
by the proposed regulations ; and
( b) to publish in the London Gazette, and in any other
publication which he considers appropriate, a notice
indicating the effect of the proposed regulations and
specifying-
( i) the date on which it is proposed that the regu-
lations should come into force, and
(ii) a place where a draft of the proposed regula-
tions may be inspected free of charge by members of
the public during office hours, and
(iii) a period of not less than fourteen days, begin-
ning with the date on which the notice is first pub-
lished, during which representations in writing may
be made to the Secretary of State about the proposed
regulations ; and
( c ) to consider any representations which are made to him
in accordance with the notice.
PARTVI
(3) The preceding subsection shall have effect in its applica-
tion to Northern Ireland as if for the reference to the London
Gazette there were substituted a reference to the Belfast Gazette.
( 4) The Secretary of State may, after performing the duty
imposed on him by subsection ( 2) of this section with respect to
any proposed regulations, make the regulations either-
(a ) in the form of the draft mentioned in subsection (2) (b) (ii)
of this section ; or
( b) in that form with such modifications as he considers
appropriate ;
but the Secretary of State shall not make any regulations by
virtue of paragraph (b) of this subsection unless he is of opinion
that it is appropriate for the requirements of subsection (2) of
this section to be disregarded in relation to the regulations.
(5) Regulations made in pursuance of this section may provide
that a person who contravenes a specified provision of the regu-
lations shall be guilty of an offence and may prescribe the
maximum penalty for the offence (which shall not exceed, on
summary conviction, a fine of £400 and, on conviction on indict-
ment, imprisonment for a term of two years and a fine ) ; but no
proceedings for an offence against the regulations shall be
brought in England and Wales except by or with the consent of
the Director of Public Prosecutions.
1
c . 40
1076 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART VI
Disposal of
wasteetc by
Atomic
Energy
Authority.
Power to give
effect to
international
agreements.
Adaptation of
enactments to
metric units.
Orders and
regulations.
101. Without prejudice to the powers of the United King-
dom Atomic Energy Authority apart from this section, the
Authority shall have power-
( a ) to engage in the United Kingdom and elsewhere in such
activities relating to the treatment or disposal of waste
and other matter as the Secretary of State may from
time to time specify by notice given to the Authority ;
and
( b) to do anything which appears to the Authority to be
appropriate for the purpose of exercising the powers
conferred on the Authority by the preceding paragraph.
102.-( 1 ) Regulations may provide that any provision of this
Act, except this section, shall have effect with such modifications
as are prescribed with a view to enabling the Government of
the United Kingdom to give effect to any provision made by or
under any international agreement to which the Government
is for the time being a party.
( 2) The Secretary of State may make, to the Commission
established by the Convention for the Prevention of Marine
Pollution from Land- based Sources which was signed at Paris
on behalf of the Government of the United Kingdom on 4 June
1974, such payments towards the expenses of the Commission
as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine.
103.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend-
( a) any provision of the Alkali Act or the Clean Air Acts
1956 and 1968 ; or
( b) any provision of an instrument made or having effect
under any of those Acts,
by substituting an amount expressed in metric units for an
amount not so expressed.
( 2 ) Any amendments made in pursuance of the preceding sub-
section shall be such as to preserve the effect of the provisions
mentioned in that subsection except to such extent as in the
opinion of the Secretary of State is necessary to obtain amounts
expressed in convenient and suitable terms.
General
104.-( 1) Any power conferred by this Act (except sections
59, 63 and 65(6)) to make an order or regulations-
( a) includes power to make different provision by the order
or regulations for different circumstances and to include
in the order or regulations such incidental, supple-
mental and transitional provisions as the person making
the order or regulations considers appropriate in con-
nection with the order or regulations ; and
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1077
( b) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument except in
the case of the powers conferred by section 97 of this
Act ;
and any statutory instrument made by virtue of this subsection,
except an instrument containing only regulations made by virtue
of section 18 of this Act or an order made by virtue of section
33( 4), 44(5), 52, 53 or 109( 2) of this Act, shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
( 2) No regulations shall be made by virtue of section 18 of this
Act and no order shall be made by virtue of section 52 or 53
of this Act unless a draft of the regulations or order has
been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.
( 3) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, before he
makes any regulations in pursuance of section 31(5) of this
Act-
PART VI
( a ) to publish in the London Gazette and in at least one
newspaper circulating in the area in question a copy
of the proposed regulations and a notice specifying-
( i ) a period of not less than twenty- eight days,
beginning with the date on which the notice is first
published, within which objections to the proposed
regulations may be made, and
( ii) the person to whom such objections may be
made; and
( b) to consider any objections to the proposed regulations
which are made within that period and, if such an
objection is so made by a prescribed person and is not
withdrawn, to cause a local inquiry to be held in
pursuance of section 96 of this Act with respect to the
proposed regulations ;
and the Secretary of State may, after considering any such
objections as are mentioned in paragraph ( b) of this subsection
and the report of any person appointed to hold a local inquiry
with respect to the proposed regulations, make the regulations
either in the form in which a copy of them was published in
pursuance of this subsection or in that form with such modifica-
tions as he considers appropriate.
105.-( 1) In this Act- Interpretation
" the Alkali Act " means the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation etc - general.
Act 1906;
1906 с. 14.
" county " and " district ", except in relation to Scotland,
have the same meanings as in the Local Government
Act 1972 ;
1972 с. 70.
c . 40
1078 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART VI
1954 с. 70.
1968 с. 59.
1889 с. 63.
" mine " and " quarry " have the same meanings as in the
Mines and Quarries Act 1954 ;
" modifications " includes additions, omissions and amend-
ments and " modify " and cognate expressions shall
be construed accordingly ;
" notice " means notice in writing ;
" owner ", except in relation to Scotland, means the person
for the time being receiving the rackrent of the premises
in connection with which the word is used, whether
on his own account or as agent or trustee for another
person, or who would so receive the rackrent if the
premises were let at a rackrent ;
" premises " includes land ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
" regulations " means regulations made by the Secretary
of State ;
" trade effluent " includes any liquid ( either with or without
particles of matter in suspension in it ) which is dis-
charged from premises used for carrying on any trade
or industry, other than surface water and domestic
sewage, and for the purposes of this definition any
premises wholly or mainly used (whether for profit
or not ) for agricultural or horticultural purposes or
for scientific research or experiment shall be deemed
to be premises used for carrying on a trade ; and
" vessel " includes a hovercraft within the meaning of the
Hovercraft Act 1968 .
( 2) Except so far as this Act expressly provides otherwise and
subject to the provisions of section 33 of the Interpretation Act
1889 (which relates to offences under two or more laws),
nothing in this Act-
( a) confers a right of action in any civil proceedings ( other
than proceedings for the recovery of a fine ) in respect
of any contravention of this Act or an instrument
made in pursuance of this Act ;
(b) affects any restriction imposed by or under any other
enactment, whether public, local or private ; or
( c ) derogates from any right of action or other remedy
( whether civil or criminal) in proceedings instituted
otherwise than under this Act.
( 3) In so far as any interest in Crown land is not an interest
belonging to Her Majesty or a Crown interest or a Duchy
interest, this Act shall apply to the land as if it were not Crown
land ; and expressions used in this subsection and subsection (7)
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1079
ofsection 266 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 or, in
PARTVI
relation to Scotland, subsection (7) of section 253 of the Town 1971 c. 78.
and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 have the same 1972 c. 52.
meanings in this subsection as in that subsection.
( 4) References in this Act to any enactment are references to
it as amended by or under any other enactment.
106.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall, in addition toGeneral
any express provision for the application to Scotland of any application
to Scotland.
provision of this Act, have effect for the general application
of this Act to Scotland.
( 2) For any reference in this Act to a water authority there
shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be substituted
a reference to a river purification authority ; and the reference
in this subsection, and any reference in any other provision of
this Act, to a river purification authority is a reference to a
river purification authority within the meaning of the Rivers 1951 c. 66.
( Prevention of Pollution ) (Scotland) Act 1951 .
( 3) In this Act " region ", " district ", " regional council ",
" islands council " and " district council " have respectively the
same meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973. 1973 c. 65.
( 4 ) Any reference in this Act to a highway shall, unless the
contrary intention appears, include a reference to any public
right of way.
( 5) Any question which is required by any provision of this
Act to be determined by arbitration shall be determined by a
single arbiter appointed, in default of agreement between the
parties concerned, by the Secretary of State on the application
of any of the parties.
(6) For any reference in this Act to a magistrates' court there
shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.
( 7) For any reference in this Act to a port health authority
there shall be substituted a reference to a port local authority
constituted under Part X of the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1897 c. 38.
1897.
(8) For any reference in this Act to the London Gazette there
shall be substituted a reference to the Edinburgh Gazette .
( 9) In this Act " owner " means the person for the time being
entitled to receive or who would, if the same were let, be entitled
to receive, the rents of the premises in connection with which
the word is used and includes a trustee, factor, tutor or curator,
and, in the case of public or municipal property, includes the
persons to whom the management thereof is entrusted.
c. 40
1080 Control ofPollution Act 1974
PART VI
Application
to Isles of
Scilly .
107. This Act shall have effect in its application to the Isles
of Scilly with such modifications as the Secretary of State may
by order specify, and the Secretary of State may by order vary
or revoke any order previously made in pursuance of this
section.
Minor and
108.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act
consequential shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified
amendments
( which are minor amendments and amendments consequential
of enactments,
and repeals.
on provisions of this Act).
( 2) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns
of Schedule 4 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent
specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order repeal or amend any
provision of any local Act passed before this Act (including an
Act confirming a provisional order) or of any order or other
instrument made under an Act so passed if it appears to him
that the provision is inconsistent with, or has become unneces-
sary or requires alteration in consequence of, any provision
of this Act or corresponds to any provision repealed by this
Act or relates to trade effluent.
Shorttitle,
commence-
ment and
extent.
109.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Control of Pollution
Act 1974.
(2) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secre-
tary of State may by order appoint ; and-
(a) without prejudice to the generality of section 104(1 ) (a)
of this Act, different days may be appointed in pursu-
ance of this subsection for different provisions of this
Act and for such different purposes of the same pro-
vision as may be specified in the order ;
(b) any provision appointing a day in pursuance of this
subsection may be revoked or varied by an order made
by the Secretary of State which comes into force
before that day.
(3) This Act, except sections 75, 77, 100 and 101 and this
section, does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1081
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
NOISE ABATEMENT ZONES
1. A local authority shall after making any noise abatement
order-
( a ) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (other than
tenants for a month or any period less than a month ) of
any of the premises within the area to which the order
relates ; and
(b ) publish in the London Gazette and once at least in each
of two successive weeks in some newspaper circulating in
the area to which the order relates,
a notice complying with the requirements set out in the following
paragraph.
2. The requirements referred to in the preceding paragraph are
that the notice shall-
(a ) state that the order has been made, and its general effect ;
( b) specify a place in the area of the local authority where
a copy of the order and of any map or plan referred to
therein may be inspected by any person free of charge
at all reasonable times during a period of not less than
six weeks from the date of the notice ; and
( c ) state that within the said period any person who will be
affected by the order may by notice to the Secretary of
State object to the confirmation of the order.
3.(1) If no objection is duly made to the Secretary of State
within the said period, or if every objection so made is withdrawn,
the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit , confirm the order with
or without modifications.
( 2 ) In any other case he shall, subject to the following provisions
of this paragraph, before confirming the order-
( a ) cause a local inquiry to be held in pursuance of section 96
of this Act ; or
( b ) afford to any person by whom an objection has been duly
made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of
appearing before and being heard by a person appointed
by him for the purpose ;
and, after considering the objection and the report of the person
who held the inquiry or the person appointed as aforesaid, he may
confirm the order with or without modifications.
( 3) The Secretary of State may confirm the order ( with or without
modifications) without complying with the preceding sub- paragraph
if he is satisfied that compliance is unnecessary having regard to-
( a ) the nature of the premises to which the order will relate
when it comes into force ; or
Section63( 4 ).
c .40
1082 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 1 ( b ) the nature of the interests of the persons who have made
objections which have not been withdrawn.
( 4) Where the order varies or revokes a previous order, the
Secretary of State may, in acting under sub-paragraph ( 2) above,
disregard any objection to the order which in his opinion amounts in
substance to an objection which was made to the previous order.
4. An order when confirmed shall come into operation on such
date as may be specified in the order which , except in the case
of anorder revoking an existing order or varying an existing order
by excluding from it any specified class of premises, shall not be
a date earlier than one month from the date of confirmation :
Provided that if , before the date on which the order is to come
into operation , the local authority-
( a ) passes a resolution postponing the coming into operation of
the order ; and
(b ) publishes a notice stating the effect of the resolution in the
London Gazette and once at least in each of two successive
weeks in a newspaper circulating in the area to which the
order relates ,
the order shall, unless there is a further postponement under paragraph
( a ) of this proviso, come into operation on the date specified in the
resolution.
5. A local authority shall not exercise its powers under the proviso
to the preceding paragraph to postpone the coming into operation of
a noise abatement order for a period of , or for periods amounting
in all to, more than twelve months without the consent of the
Secretary of State.
Section99.
1897 с. 38.
SCHEDULE 2
ALTERATION OF PENALTIES
The Public Health (Scotland ) Act 1897
1. In section 22 of the Public Health (Scotland ) Act 1897 (under
which a fine not exceeding £20 may be imposed for a nuisance arising
from wilful fault or culpable negligence ) for the word " £20 " there
shall be substituted the word " £100 ".
2. In section 24 of that Act (which penalises failure to comply
with decree and knowing infringement of interdict relating to
nuisances under section 16, including nuisances under subsections (6 )
and ( 8) of that section arising from the conduct of factories and
businesses) -
( a ) for the words " £2 " and " £5 " there shall be substituted
the words " £ 10 " and " £20 " respectively ;
( b) for the words from " £20 " to " two hundred pounds " there
shall be substituted the words " £ 400 and to a further fine
not exceeding £ 50 for every day on which the offence con-
tinues after conviction therefor ".
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1083
3. In section 36 (1) of that Act (which provides for a penalty not
SCH. 2
exceeding £ 50 for nuisance arising from offensive trade ), for the
words " fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the word " £200 ".
The Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act 1906
1906с. 14.
4. In section 12 ( 4) of the Alkali Act (under which obstruction of
an inspector is punishable on summary conviction by a fine not
exceeding £10 ) for the words " ten pounds " there shall be substituted
the word " £100 ”.
5. In section 16A of that Act ( which provides for certain offences
under other provisions of that Act to be punishable on summary
conviction by a fine not exceeding £100 or £ 20 a day in the case
of certain continuing offences ) for the words " one hundred pounds
"
in both places where they occur there shall be substituted the word
" £ 400 " and for the words " twenty pounds " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " £50 ".
The Public Health Act 1936
1936 с. 49.6. In section 19( 3) of the Public Health Act 1936 ( under which a
person is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 50 if he constructs a drain or sewer in a manner other than that in
which he is required to construct it by a local authority in pursuance
of that section ) for the words "fifty pounds " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " £200 ".
7. In section 27 of that Act (which provides that certain matters
are not to be passed into public sewers ), in subsection ( 2) ( under
which acontravention of that section is punishable on summary con-
viction by a fine not exceeding £10 and a further £5 for each day on
which the offence continues after conviction) for the words from
" to a fine " onwards there shall be substituted the words-
"( a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 and
to a further fine not exceeding £ 50 for each day on which
the offence continues after conviction therefor ;
( b ) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or a fine or both ".
8. In section 34( 5 ) of that Act (under which a person who causes
adrain or sewer to connect with a public sewer in contravention
of that section is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceed-
ing £ 20 ) for the words " twenty pounds " there shall be substituted
the word " £200 ".
9. In section 36(1) of that Act (under which a person who causes
adrain or sewer to communicate with a public sewer after the local
authority have given notice that they intend themselves to make
the connection is liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £50) for the words " fifty pounds" there shall be substi-
tuted the word " £ 200 " .
10. In section 41( 3) of that Act (under which a person is liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 5 if he does certain
work in connection with an underground drain which communicates
with a sewer without giving 24 hours notice to the relevant local
c . 40
1084 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 2
1937 с. 40.
1945 с. 42
( 8 & 9 Geo. 6 ).
authority of his intention to do so or if he does not permit an
authorised officer of the local authority free access to the work)
for the words " five pounds " there shall be substituted the word
" £100 ".
11. In section 94 ( 2) of that Act ( under which a person who fails
to abate a nuisance or to take adequate steps to prevent a recurrence
of anuisance is liable on summary conviction to afine not exceeding
£ 20 ) for the word " £20 " there shall be substituted the word
" £200".
12. In section 95(1) of that Act (under which a person who
contravenes or fails to comply with a nuisance order is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 50 and a further £ 5
for each day on which the offence continues after conviction ) for
the words " £50 " and " £5 " there shall be substituted the words
" £ 400 " and " £50 " respectively.
The Public Health ( Drainage of Trade Premises) Act 1937
13. In section 2 of the Public Health ( Drainage of Trade Premises)
Act 1937 (under which restrictions are imposed on the discharge
of trade effluent), in subsection ( 5 ) (under which an occupier of
premises is guilty of an offence if trade effluent is discharged in
contravention of the section or without any consent necessary for the
purposes of the Act or if any direction or condition given or imposed
under that section is contravened ) after the words " guilty of an
offence " there shall be inserted the words " and liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £200 and to a further fine not
exceeding £50 for every day on which the offence continues after
conviction therefor. "
14. In section 9 of that Act (under which a person who fails
to give specified information to a water authority is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 5 and a further £2
for each day on which the offence continues after conviction) for
the words " five pounds and forty shillings " there shall be" 66
substituted the words " £50 " and " £5 " respectively.
The Water Act 1945
15. In section 19( 3) of the Water Act 1945 (under which byelaws
made under section 17 of that Act or section 22( 6 ) of the Country-
side Act 1968 may contain provision making any person who con-
travenes the byelaws liable to a fine not exceeding £ 20 and a further
£ 5 for each day during which the offence continues after conviction )
for the words " twenty pounds " and " five pounds " there shall be
substituted the words " £ 400 " and " £ 50 " respectively.
16. In section 21 of that Act (under which a person is guilty of
an offence if he is guilty of any act or neglect whereby any spring .
well , borehole or adit the water from which is used or likely to
be used for human consumption or domestic purposes or for manu-
facturing food or drink for human consumption is polluted or likely
to be polluted ) after subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the
following subsection-
" (3) Any person guilty of an offence by virtue of this section
shall be liable in respect of each offence-
( a ) on summary conviction , to a fine not exceeding £ 400
and in the case of a continuing offence to a further
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1085
fine not exceeding £ 50 for every day during which the
offence is continued after conviction ;
( b ) on conviction on indictment , to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both
a fine and such imprisonment . "
The Water ( Scotland ) Act 1946
17. In section 62( 3) of the Water ( Scotland) Act 1946 (under which
byelaws made under sections 60 and 61 of that Act, section 30 of
the Water ( Scotland ) Act 1967 or section 63( 7 ) of the Countryside
( Scotland ) Act 1967 may contain provisions making any person who
contravenes the byelaws liable to a fine not exceeding £20 and a
further fine of £5 for every day during which the offence continues
after conviction ) for the words " twenty pounds " and " five pounds
"
there shall be substituted the words " £400 " and " £50 " respectively.
18. In section 64 of that Act (under which a person is guilty of
an offence if he is guilty of any act or neglect whereby any spring,
well or adit the water from which is used or likely to be used for
human consumption or domestic purposes or for manufacturing food
or drink for human consumption is polluted or likely to be polluted )
( a ) for the word "Act" there shall be substituted the word
" section " ; and
( b ) there shall be added at the end the following subsection-
" ( 2) Any person guilty of an offence by virtue of this
section shall be liable in respect of each offence-
( a ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 and in the case of a continuing offence to a
further fine not exceeding £ 50 for every day
during which the offence is continued after
conviction ;
( b ) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years
or to both a fine and such imprisonment. "
The Clean Air Act 1956
19.- (1 ) In subsection (1) of section 27 of the Clean Air Act 1956
( under which a person is on summary conviction liable in respect
of an emission of dark smoke from a building to a fine not exceeding
£ 20 in the case of an emission from a private dwelling and not exceed-
ing £100 in the case of other emissions) for the word " £20 " there
66
shall be substituted the word " £100 " and for the words one
hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " £ 400 or, in
the case of an offence under that section as applied to vessels by
section 20 of this Act, £1,000 " .
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2 ) of that section (under which a person who
fails to notify the local authority of the installation of a furnace or
who occupies a building in a smoke control area from which smoke
is emitted is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 20 ) for the word " £20 " there shall be substituted the word " £100 ".
SCH. 2
1946 с. 42.
1956 с. 52.
с . 40
1086 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH . 2 1960 с. 34 .
1968 с. 47.
( 3) In subsection ( 3) of that section ( under which a person who
unlawfully discloses information furnished or obtained under that
Act is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 and
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months) for the words
from " one hundred pounds " onwards there shall be substituted the
word " £ 400 " .
( 4 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section ( under which a person who is
guilty of any other offence under that Act is liable on summary con-
viction to a fine not exceeding £100) for the words " one hundred
pounds " in both places where they occur there shall be substituted
the word " £ 400 " and for the words " twenty pounds " there shall
be substituted the word " £50 ".
The Radioactive Substances Act 1960
20.- (1) In subsection ( 2) of section 13 of the Radioactive Sub-
stances Act 1960 ( which provides among other things that a person
who keeps radioactive material or mobile radioactive apparatus or
who disposes of or accumulates radioactive waste contrary to the
provisions of the Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £100 and to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
three months) for the words " one hundred pounds " there shall be
substituted the word " £400 ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section ( under which a person who
unlawfully discloses information furnished or obtained under that
Act is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 and
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months) for the words
" fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the word " £ 400 ".
( 3) In subsection ( 5) of that section ( under which a person who
fails to exhibit a certificate of registration or an authorisation or who
obstructs an inspector or fails to provide information is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 50 and to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding three months) for the words from " fifty
pounds " onwards there shall be substituted the words " £100 and on
conviction on indictment to a fine ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 6 ) of that section (under which a person who
pulls down or defaces a certificate or authorisation is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £10) for the words " ten
pounds " there shall be substituted the word " £20 " .
The Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968
21. In section 12( 8) of the Sewerage ( Scotland ) Act 1968 (under
which a person is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceed-
ing £ 25 if he connects a drain or sewer otherwise than in accordance
with that section ) for the word " £25 " there shall be substituted
the word " £200 ".
22. In section 14( 6 ) of that Act (under which a person is liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £25 if he constructs a
drain, sewer or sewage treatment works otherwise than in accordance
with a direction under that section by a local authority ) for the word
" £25" there shall be substituted the word " £200 ".
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1087
23. In section 24( 2) of that Act (under which an occupier of trade
premises who discharges trade effluent into sewers etc. without the
consent of, or contrary to a direction given by or condition imposed
by, the local authority is liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £50 and a further fine not exceeding £ 20 for each day on
which the offence continues after conviction ) for the words " £50 "
and " £20 " there shall be substituted the words " £200 " and " £50 "
respectively.
24. In section 45( 2 ) of that Act ( under which a person who fails
to give specified information to a local authority is liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 20) for the word " £20 " there
shall be substituted the word " £50 " .
25. In section 46 of that Act (which provides that certain matters
are not to be passed into public sewers), in subsection ( 2) (under
which a contravention of that section is punishable on summary con-
viction by a fine not exceeding £ 20 and a further fine not exceeding
£10 for each day on which the offence continues after conviction ) -
( a ) for the words " £20 " and " £10 " there shall be substituted
the words " £ 400 " and " £50 " respectively ; and
(b) there shall be added at the end the words " and on convic-
tion on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years or to both a fine and such
imprisonment ".
The Clean Air Act 1968
26. In the following provisions of the Clean Air Act 1968 (which
provide that a person who commits an offence mentioned in any
of those provisions is liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £100), namely-
( a ) section 1(1) (which prohibits the emission of dark smoke
from any industrial or trade premises) ;
( b ) section 2(2) (which penalises the emission of grit or dust ,
from a chimney serving a furnace to which the section
applies, at a rate exceeding a prescribed limit ) ;
( c ) section 2( 4 ) (which penalises a failure to use any prac-
ticable means of minimising the emission of grit or dust
from a chimney for which no limit is prescribed ) ;
( d ) section 3( 3) ( which penalises the use of certain furnaces
which are not fitted with appropriate plant for arresting
grit and dust ) ;
( e ) section 4( 7) (which penalises the use for certain purposes
of furnaces which are exempt from the operation of
section 3( 1) of that Act ) ; and
( f ) section 6(1 ) and (2) (which penalise the use of certain
furnaces unless they are served by chimneys of approved
heights and any conditions of the approvals are complied
with ) ,
for the word " £100 " there shall be substituted the word " £ 400 "
SCH. 2
1968 с. 62.
c . 40
1088 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 2 27. In section 9(1) of that Act (under which a person who
acquires or sells by retail any unauthorised solid fuel for use in
a smoke control area is liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £ 20) for the word " £20 " there shall be substituted
the word " £100 ”.
Section 108.
1906 с. 14.
S.I. 1966/1143.
S.I. 1971/960.
S.I. 1972/1330.
1923 с. 16.
1936 с. 49.
SCHEDULE 3
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF ENACTMENTS
The Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act 1906
1. Sections 3, 4 and 5 of the Alkali Act (alkali waste) , section 14
( appointment of additional inspectors) and section 15 ( power of
owners of works to make special rules) shall cease to have effect.
2. Section 8 of that Act (which is superseded by paragraph 4 of
this Schedule) shall cease to have effect.
3.- (1) In section 27 of that Act as amended by the Alkali, &c.
Works Order 1966, in the definition of " noxious or offensive gas "
the words " except that arising solely from the combustion of coal ",
inboth places where they occur, shall be omitted and for the words
"
Sulphurous anhydride " there shall be substituted the words
"
Sulphur dioxide ".
( 2 ) The amendments made by the preceding sub-paragraph may
be varied or revoked as if they were contained in the said Order of
1966.
4.- (1) At the end of Schedule 1 to that Act, as amended by the
Alkali, &c. Works Order 1966 and the Alkali, &c. Works Order
1971 and in Scotland by the Alkali, &c. , Works ( Scotland ) Order 1972,
there shall be added the following paragraph-
" (61 ) Smelting works, that is to say works in which sulphide
ores are calcinated or smelted. "
( 2 ) The said paragraph (61) may be varied or revoked as if it
were contained in the said Orders of 1971 and 1972.
The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1923
5. In section 9( 5 ) of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act
1923 (which provides that certain activities authorised by that
section shall not constitute an offence under provisions which include
section 2( 1)(a) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951)
for the words " section 2(1) (a) of the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution)
Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the words " and section 31 ( 1) (a)
of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
The Public Health Act 1936
6. In section 3(1)( b) of the Public Health Act 1936 ( under which
an order constituting a port health authority may, among other
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1089
things, assign to the authority any functions conferred on a local
authority by that Act ) after the words " this Act " there shall be
inserted the words " or the Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
7. Sections 79 and 80 of that Act (which relate to the removal
of noxious matter, manure and refuse from premises ) shall cease to
have effect.
The Public Health (Drainage of Trade Premises) Act 1937
8. Sections 2( 4) and 3( 2) of the Public Health (Drainage of Trade
Premises) Act 1937 and the proviso in section 7( 1) of that Act
( which relate to the protection of interested bodies within the
meaning of that Act) shall cease to have effect.
9. In section 4( 5) of that Act ( under which disputes arising under
that Act as to the discharges of trade effluent which were made
during such a period as is mentioned in subsections (1) or ( 2) of that
section are to be determined by the Secretary of State ) for the words
" this Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 43 of the
Control of Pollution Act 1974 " and for the words " is mentioned "
there shall be substituted the words " before the repeal of those
subsections by that Act was mentioned " .
10. In section 10(1) of that Act ( which authorises the taking of
samples of trade effluent which is passing from premises into a
public sewer) after the word " passing " there shall be inserted the
words " , either directly or through a private drain or sewer,".
The Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries (Protection) ( Scotland )
Act 1951
11. In section 9 of the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries
( Protection) (Scotland) Act 1951 (which provides that acts done for
scientific and certain other purposes shall not constitute an offence
under Part I of that Act ) after the words " this Part of this Act "
"
there shall be inserted the words or of section 31(1)(a ) of the
Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
The Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) ( Scotland ) Act 1951
12. In section 12 ( 4) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)
( Scotland ) Act 1951 ( which restricts in certain respects the power of a
river purification board to appoint agents and delegate functions),
in paragraph (c) for the words " section twenty-eight thereof " there
shall be substituted the words " sections 34 to 40 of the Control
of Pollution Act 1974 ".
13. In section 17( 1) of that Act ( which sets out the general duties
of river purification authorities), at the end there shall be inserted
the words " and by the Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
14. In section 18 of that Act ( which relates to the provision and
obtaining of information by river purification authorities), at the
end there shall be inserted the following subsection-
66 ( 6 ) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, any tidal waters
adjoining the shore of the area of a river purification authority
E
SCH. 3
1937 с. 40 .
1951 с. 26.
1951 с. 66.
c . 40
1090 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 3
1956 с. 52.
1961 с. 50.
1961 с. 64.
1963 с. 33.
1963 с . 38.
and any underground waters within the area of such an authority
shall be deemed to be included in the expression " stream " for
the purposes of the authority's powers under this section. "
15. In section 19 of that Act ( which empowers river purification
authorities to take samples of effluents ), in subsection (3), after
the word " authority " there shall be inserted the words " and any
underground waters within the area of such an authority ".
The Clean Air Act 1956
16.- (1) In subsection (1) of section 30 of the Clean Air Act 1956
( early notification to be confirmed in writing within 48 hours of
becoming aware of the offence ) for the words " within forty-eight
hours after " there shall be substituted the words " before the end of
the four days next following the day on which " .
( 2) In subsection ( 2) of that section ( presumption in favour of
defendant if notification not given within two days after the day
of the offence ) for the words " two days " there shall be substituted
the words " four days ".
( 3) This paragraph shall not apply where the offence was com-
mitted before the coming into force of this paragraph.
The Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1961
17. In section 10(1) of the Rivers ( Prevention of Pollution) Act
1961 (which among other things relates to inspection chambers
provided in compliance with conditions imposed under that Act )
and in section 12(1)(ii) of that Act (which authorises the disclosure
in connection with the execution of that Act of information of which
the disclosure is restricted by that section ) the reference to that
Act shall include a reference to this Act.
The Public Health Act 1961
18. At the end of section 34( 5 ) of the Public Health Act 1961
( which among other things provides that " rubbish " in that section
does not include material accumulated in the course of business)
there shall be inserted the words "
or waste deposited in accordance
with a disposal licence in force under Part I of the Control of
Pollution Act 1974 " .
The London Government Act 1963
19. In section 41(1)( b) of the London Government Act 1963
( which enables the functions, rights and liabilities of a local authority
under any of the provisions there mentioned to be assigned to the
port health authority for the Port of London) after the words " section
87 of this Act " there shall be inserted the words " and under any
provision of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 ".
The Water Resources Act 1963
20. In section 77(2) of the Water Resources Act 1963 ( which
refers to sewage effluent within the meaning of the Rivers
( Prevention of Pollution ) Act 1951) for the words " the Rivers
( Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951 " there shall be substituted the
words " Part II of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
c. 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1091
21. In section 113( 1) of that Act ( which authorises water autho-
SCH. 3
rities to take samples of certain effluents ) for the words " Clean
Rivers ( Estuaries and Tidal Waters) Act 1960 " in paragraph (c )
there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Control of
Pollution Act 1974 ".
The Housing Act 1964
22. In section 95 of the Housing Act 1964, after subsection ( 2)
( power of local authority to resolve to exclude heating appliances
from eligibility for grant ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (2A) The Secretary of State may, when confirming the order
to which a resolution under subsection ( 2) above relates, direct
that the resolution shall have effect subject to such modifications
as may be specified in the direction, or may direct that the
resolution shall not have effect."
1964 с . 56.
The Spray Irrigation (Scotland ) Act 1964
1964 с. 90.
23. In section 9( 2) of the Spray Irrigation (Scotland ) Act 1964
( which among other things attracts for the purposes of that Act
certain powers of entry contained in the Rivers (Prevention of 1951 c. 66.
Pollution ) (Scotland ) Act 1951), for the words " 20(1)(b) of the said
Act of 1951 to an authorisation granted under" there shall be sub-
stituted the words " 91(1)(a)(iii) of the Control of Pollution Act 1974
to any provision of ".
The Rivers (Prevention of Pollution ) ( Scotland ) Act 1965
1965 с. 13.
24. In section 10 (1) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution )
( Scotland ) Act 1965 ( which contains provisions with respect to samples
of effluent taken at an inspection chamber provided in compliance
with a condition imposed under that Act of section 28 of the Rivers
( Prevention of Pollution) ( Scotland) Act 1951) for the words " this
Act or section 28 of the principal Act " there shall be substituted the
words " sections 34 to 40 of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 " .
The Civic Amenities Act 1967
1967 с. 69.
25.- (1) In section 18(1) of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 (which
requires local authorities to provide places where certain refuse
can be deposited at all reasonable times free of charge by persons
resident in the authorities' areas and on payment by other persons)
after the word " times " there shall be inserted the words " (including
at least one period of time on the Saturday or the following day of
each week except a week in which the Saturday is 25th December
66
or 1st January ) ", and for the words from persons resident "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " any person ".
( 2 ) In section 23 of that Act, for subsection (3) (by which
section 76 of the Public Health Act 1936, which is repealed by this 1936 с. 49.
Act, is applied for the purposes of that section) there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
" ( 3) A local authority may-
(a ) provide places for the deposit of any thing removed
by them under subsection (1) of this section ;
E2
c. 40
1092 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 59.
1973 с. 37.
1936 с. 49.
1972 с. 70.
1951 с. 64.
1973 с. 65.
( b) provide plant and apparatus for the treatment or
disposal of any thing deposited at such a place ; and
( c ) sell or otherwise dispose of any such thing. "
The Hovercraft Act 1968
26. In section 1(1) (g ) of the Hovercraft Act 1968 for the words
“
no proceedings in pursuance of the Noise Abatement Act 1960 "
there shall be substituted the words no proceedings in pursuance
of Part III of the Control of Pollution Act 1974 ".
The Water Act 1973
27. For the purposes of section 14 of the Water Act 1973 (under
which, among other things, functions of local authorities with
respect to sewerage and sewage disposal, including certain functions
under Part XII of the Public Health Act 1936, were transferred to
water authorities), section 306 of the said Act of 1936 ( which related
to the compulsory purchase of land and was contained in the said
Part XII ) shall have effect from 31st March 1974 as if that section
had not been repealed by the Local Government Act 1972.
28. In subsection (12 ) of section 24 of that Act (which relates
to reports of surveys prepared by water authorities under that section)
after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted the following paragraph-
"(aa ) shall secure that a copy of each such report and of all
such amendments is available at the principal office of the
authority for inspection by the public free of charge at all
reasonable hours ."
29. In section 36( 3) of that Act ( which among other things
provides that Part II of Schedule 7 to that Act shall have effect
with respect to the making of byelaws by water authorities under
any enactment) the last reference to any enactment shall be construed
as including a reference to any enactment passed after that Act.
30. In paragraph 17( 2) of Schedule 7 to that Act (which relates
to the confirmation of byelaws made by a water authority under
section 5 of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951) for the
words " section 5 of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act 1951
"
there shall be substituted the words " section 31(6 ) or 33(1 ) of the
Control of Pollution Act 1974 " and after the words " a stream "
there shall be inserted the words or the controlled waters (within
the meaning of Part II of that Act) ".
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
31. In paragraph 1 of Schedule 28 to the Local Government
"
( Scotland ) Act 1973, for the words from Sections 104 " to
" Section 116 " there shall be substituted the words-
Sections 104 to 106
Section 110 ".
c . 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1093
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Section 108.
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
25 & 26 Vict. The Salmon Fisheries Section 13 .
c . 97. ( Scotland ) Act 1862.
38 & 39 Vict. The Public Health Act
c. 55. 1875.
Section 148, but not so as to
affect any agreement in force
under that section.
55 & 56 Vict. The Burgh Police ( Scot- Sections 107 to 109.
c. 55. land) Act 1892.
In section 110, the words from
"
" and may place " to or
nuisance. "
Sections 111 to 114.
Section 116.
58 & 59 Vict. The Sea Fisheries Regu-
Section 8(1)( f).
с . 42. lation (Scotland ) Act
1895.
60 & 61 Vict.
The Public Health ( Scot-
c . 38.
land) Act 1897.
3 Edw. 7. c. 33.
The Burgh Police (Scot-
land) Act 1903.
6Edw. 7. c. 14. The Alkali, &c. Works
Regulation Act 1906.
13 & 14Geo. 5. The Salmon and Fresh-
c. 16. water Fisheries Act 1923 .
24&25Geo. 5. The Administration of
c.40. Justice ( Appeals) Act
1934.
In section 39, the first para-
graph.
Section 23.
In section 24, the words " the
immediately preceding sec-
tion or under ".
Sections 3, 4, 5 and 8.
In section 9(1) the words " a
cement work, or a smelting
work ".
In section 11(b) the words " or
with the treatment of alkali
waste".
Section 12(1)(d) .
Sections 14, 15 and 17.
In section 18, in subsection (1)
the words " other than an
offence against a special rule "
and subsection ( 4 ) .
Section 19.
In section 20 the words " other
than an offence against a
special rule ".
In section 22(1) the words from
" or that any alkali waste is
deposited to " contraven-
tion of this Act ".
In section 28, in paragraph (b)
the words " offences against
special rules and " and para-
graph (c ) .
In section 9( 5) the words from
" and section 22(1)(a) " on-
wards.
In the Schedule the entry
amending section 17( 5) of the
Alkali Act.
E3
c . 40
1094 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH. 4
Chapter
26 Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8.
c .49.
1 Edw. 8 and
1 Geo. 6.
c . 5 .
1 Edw. 8 and
1 Geo. 6.
c .40 .
8 & 9 Geo. 6. с. 42.
14 & 15Geo. 6.
c. 64.
14&15Geo. 6.
с. 66.
Short title Extent of repeal
The Public Health Act Sections 72 to 77, 79, 80 and
1936. 259(2) .
The Trunk Roads Act Section 6(6 ) .
1936 .
The Public Health ( Drain-
age of Trade Premises)
Act 1937.
Section 2( 4), 3( 2 ) and 4(1) to
The Water Act 1945.
(3) .
In section 7(1 ), the proviso.
Section 11 .
In section 14 (1) the definition
of " interested body".
Section 18.
The Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution) Act 1951 .
The Rivers ( Prevention of
Pollution)
(Scotland )
Act 1951 .
The whole Act.
The whole Act except sections
1,6(1), 7, 9, 10(1), 12(1) to (3)
and ( 4 )(a) and ( c), 13, 16, 17,
18( 1) to (3), 19, 32(1 ), in
section 35(1 ) the definitions
of " contravention ", " func-
tions ", "land". "local
authority" , "local water
authority " , " river purifica-
" "
tion authority ", river purifi-
cation board ", " stream
"
,
and " tidal waters " , section
36(1 ) and (5 ) and Schedule 4.
Section 8.
1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Local Government
с. 26. ( Miscellaneous Provi-
sions) Act 1953.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Clean Air Act 1956. In section 16(1), in the proviso,
c. 52.
paragraph (i ) .
In section 25, paragraphs (a )
and (b).
In section 26, the words
"manufacturing process or ".
In Schedule 2, the amendments
of sections 3, 8 and 18 of the
Alkali Act.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2 The
c. 25. 1959.
Highways Act In section 228( 9) the words
" section one hundred and
forty- eight of the Public
Health Act 1875 " .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Radioactive Sub- In Schedule 1, in paragraph 3
c. 34 . stances Act 1960.
the words " seventy-nine ",
in paragraph 6 the word
" eighteen " and paragraphs
7, 8A and 15.
The whole Act.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Clean Rivers (Estu-
c.54 . aries & Tidal Waters)
Act 1960.
8 & 9 Eliz . 2. The Noise Abatement
c. 68. Act 1960.
The whole Act, but not so as to
affect notices served by virtue
of section 1 of the Act before
the coming into force of
section 58 of this Act.
c. 40
Control ofPollution Act 1974 1095
SCH. 4
Chapter Short title
9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c . 50 . 1961 с. 64.
1963 с. 33.
1963 с. 38.
1965 с. 13.
1965 с. 36.
1966 с. 38.
1967 с. 69.
1967 с. 80.
The Rivers ( Prevention of
Pollution) Act 1961 .
The Public Health Act
1961.
The London Government
Act 1963.
The Water Resources Act 1963. The Rivers ( Prevention of
Pollution) (Scotland )
Act 1965.
The Gas Act 1965.
The Sea Fisheries Regula-
tion Act 1966.
The Civic Amenities Act
1967.
The Criminal Justice Act
1967.
Extent of repeal
The whole Act except sections
10, 12, 13(1) and 15(1) and (3).
Sections 55 to 58 and 63( 5 ).
In section 40( 4 )(d ), the reference
to section 8 of the Local
Government (Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1953, and
section 40 (4)( g).
In Part I of Schedule 11, para-
graphs 14, 16 and 32.
Sections 72 to 76.
In section 79, subsections (1 ),
( 2 ) and ( 7), in subsection
( 5 ) the words " by virtue of
subsection ( 1) of this section
or " and in subsection ( 8) the
words from " (including " to
" section ) ".
Insection 114 , insubsection(1)
thewords from the first " or
to " section " and the words
66 or discharge ", and sub-
sections ( 2) and ( 4 )( a).
In section 115(1)( b) the words
from" or "
to " thereof " .
In section 135( 8) the word " 72" .
In Schedule 13, paragraphs 5,
6, 7, 11 and 14.
The whole Act except sections
10, 13(1), 15( 1) and (4 ) and
17(1) to (3).
Section 4( 5 ) .
Section 5( 1)(c).
Section 23( 6 )(a).
1968 с. 41 .
In Schedule 3, the entry relating
to section 114 of the Burgh
Police (Scotland ) Act 1892,
in the entry relating to section
22 of the Public Health (Scot-
land ) Act 1897, the words
" (as extended by section 1(5)
of the Noise Abatement Act
1960 )" and the entries re-
lating to sections 76(3), 94( 2)
and 95( 1 ) (both as originally
enacted and as applied by
section 16(1) of the Clean Air
Act 1956 ) of the Public Health
Act 1936 and section 27(1) and
( 2 ) of the Clean Air Act 1956.
The Countryside Act Section 22(6 )(c) and (8).
1968.
E4
c . 40
1096 Control ofPollution Act 1974
SCH .
Chapter
1972 с. 21.
1972 с. 70.
Short title
The Deposit of Poisonous
Waste Act 1972.
The Local Government
Act 1972.
1973 с. 37. The Water Act 1973.
1973 с. 65. The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
Extent of repeal
The whole Act.
Section 180(3)(d ) and (g).
In section 236(2) the words " or
18".
In Schedule 14, in paragraph
4 the words " 79, 80" and
paragraphs 5 to 8 and 49.
Section 17(1 ) to (4) .
Paragraph 5 of Schedule 2.
Paragraph 63 of Schedule 8.
In section 135(3), the words
from " and the said areas
"
to the end.
Section 136.
In Schedule 16, paragraphs 7
to 9.
In Schedule 28, paragraph 69.
c .41 1097
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIZ
PHONIS
Policing of Airports Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 41
An Act to make provision for enabling the policing of
any airport designated for that purpose to be under-
taken by the police force for the area in which it is
wholly or mainly situated; and for connected pur-
poses. [ 31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order designate for Designated
the purposes of this Act any aerodrome used for the purposes airports.
of civil aviation if he considers that the policing of that aero-
drome should, in the interests of the preservation of the peace
and the prevention of crime, be undertaken by constables under
the direction and control of the chief officer of police for the
police area in which the aerodrome is wholly or mainly situated.
(2) Before making an order under subsection ( 1) above in
relation to any aerodrome the Secretary of State shall consult
the aerodrome authority and the police authority and chief
officer of police for the police area in question.
c .41
1098 Policing ofAirports Act 1974
( 3) The power to make an order under subsection ( 1) above
shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and-
( a ) any order containing a statement that it is made with
the consent of the authorities mentioned in subsection
( 2) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament ;
( b) any order not containing such a statement shall be laid
before Parliament in draft and shall not be made
unless the draft is approved by resolution of each
House of Parliament.
( 4 ) Any order under subsection ( 1) above may be revoked
by a subsequent order, and subsections (2) and (3) above shall
apply to any such subsequent order as they apply to an order
under subsection ( 1) above.
( 5) In this Act " designated airport " means any aerodrome
for the time being designated under this section and " relevant
police area "
and " relevant constable ", in relation to any aero-
drome, mean respectively the police area in which the aerodrome
is wholly or mainly situated and any constable under the direc-
tion and control of the chief officer of police for that area.
Exercise of
police functions at
designated
airports.
2.- ( 1) So long as any aerodrome is a designated airport-
( a) any relevant constable shall, when acting in the execи-
tion of his duty and, in particular, for the purpose of
exercising the powers conferred on such a constable by
or under the subsequent provisions of this Act, be
entitled as against the aerodrome authority to enter
any part of the aerodrome ; and
( b) no member of any aerodrome constabulary maintained
by that authority shall have the powers and privileges
or be liable to the duties and responsibilities of a con-
stable on the aerodrome or exercise there any power
conferred by or under any enactment on members of
that constabulary or on constables generally.
( 2) Paragraph ( a) of subsection (1) above is without prejudice
to any right of entry existing apart from that paragraph.
( 3) The aerodrome authority of an aerodrome which is a
designated airport shall-
( a ) make to the police authority for the relevant police area
such payments in respect of the policing of the aero-
drome, and
с.41
Policing ofAirports Act 1974 1099
( b) provide, for use in connection with the policing of the
aerodrome, such accommodation and facilities ,
as those authorities may agree or as may, in default of agreement,
be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 4) Where the relevant police area is the metropolitan police
district, subsection ( 3) above shall have effect with the substitu-
tion for references to the police authority of references to the
receiver for that district.
3.- ( 1) Any relevant constable may in any aerodrome which is Prevention of
a designated airport- theft at
designated
(a) stop, and without warrant search and arrest, any airport airports.
employee whom he has reasonable grounds to suspect
of having in his possession or of conveying in any
manner anything stolen or unlawfully obtained on the
aerodrome ; and
( b) if he has reasonable grounds to suspect that anything
stolen or unlawfully obtained on the aerodrome may be
found in or on any vehicle carrying an airport employee
or in or on any aircraft, stop and without warrant
search and detain the vehicle or, as the case may be,
board and without warrant search the aircraft.
( 2) Any relevant constable may-
( a) stop any person who is leaving a cargo area in an aero-
drome which is a designated airport and inspect any
goods carried by that person ;
(b) stop and search any vehicle or aircraft which is leaving
any such area and inspect the vehicle or aircraft and
any goods carried on or in it ; and
( c ) detain in the area-
( i ) any such goods as aforesaid for which there
is not produced adocument authorising their removal
from the area signed by a person authorised in that
behalf by the aerodrome authority ; and
( ii ) any such vehicle or aircraft as aforesaid so
long as there are on or in it goods liable to detention
under this paragraph.
( 3) Nothing in subsection (2) above shall be construed as
conferring a power to search any person.
( 4 ) In any cargo area in an aerodrome which is a designated
airport the powers of a constable under subsection ( 1) (b)
above
(a) extend to any vehicle whether or not it is carrying an
airport employee ; and
с .41
1100 Policing ofAirports Act 1974
1968 с. 61 .
Byelaws for
designated
airports.
( b) include power, not only to board and search an aircraft,
but also to stop and detain it.
( 5) In this section " airport employee ", in relation to any
aerodrome, means any person in the employment of the aero-
drome authority and any person employed otherwise than by
that authority to work on the aerodrome.
ود
( 6 ) In this section " cargo area " means, subject to subsection
( 7 ) below, any area which appears to the Secretary of State to be
used wholly or mainly for the storage or handling of cargo in an
aerodrome and is designated by an order made by him for the
purposes of this section.
( 7) Where an aerodrome owned or managed by the British
Airports Authority becomes a designated airport at a time when
an area in that aerodrome is designated for the purposes of
section 11 of the Civil Aviation Act 1968 (which makes provision
corresponding to subsections (2) to ( 4) above) that area shall,
unless the Secretary of State by order otherwise directs, be
treated as a cargo area for the purposes of this section.
( 8) Any power to make an order under this section includes
power to vary or revoke a previous order and shall be exercis-
able by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 9) The powers conferred by this section on a relevant constable
are without prejudice to any powers exercisable by him apart
from this section .
4.- (1) So long as any aerodrome is a designated airport any
power of the aerodrome authority to make aerodrome byelaws
shall, if it would not otherwise do so-
(a) extend to the making of byelaws in respect of the whole
of the aerodrome ; and
( b) include power to make byelaws requiring any person,
if so requested by a relevant constable, to leave the
aerodrome or any particular part of it or to state his
name and address and the purpose of his being on the
aerodrome.
( 2) A relevant constable may remove from any aerodrome
which is a designated airport, or from any part of it-
( a) any person who, in contravention of any aerodrome bye-
laws, fails or refuses to leave the aerodrome or part
after being requested by the constable to do so ;
(b) any vehicle, animal or thing brought to or left within
the aerodrome or part in contravention of any aero-
drome byelaws and any vehicle, animal or thing likely
to cause danger or obstruction .
с . 41
Policing ofAirports Act 1974 1101
( 3) A relevant constable may without warrant arrest a person
within any aerodrome which is a designated airport-
( a ) if he has reasonable cause to believe that the person
has contravened any aerodrome byelaws and he does
not know and cannot ascertain that person's name and
address ; or
( b) if that person, in contravention of any aerodrome bye-
laws, fails or refuses to leave the aerodrome or any
particular part of it after being requested by the
constable to do so.
5.- ( 1 ) So long as any aerodrome is a designated airport, Control of
the functions of a chief officer of police under any provisions road traffic at
applying in relation to the aerodrome under section 12 of the designated
Airports Authority Act 1965 or section 1 of the Civil Aviation airports.
1965 с. 16.
Act 1968 (application to certain aerodromes of provisions 1968 с. 61.
relating to road traffic) shall, notwithstanding any order under
those sections, be exercisable by that officer to the exclusion
of the chief officer of any aerodrome constabulary ; and for the
purposes of any functions of a chief officer of police under those
provisions any part of the aerodrome which is not within the
relevant police area shall be treated as if it were.
(2) So long as any aerodrome is a designated airport-
(a) traffic wardens appointed by the police authority for the
relevant police area (or, if that area is the metropolitan
police district, by the commissioner of police of the
metropolis ) may exercise their functions on the aero-
drome and shall be entitled, as against the aerodrome
authority, to enter the aerodrome accordingly ;
(b) if the aerodrome is owned or managed by the British
Airports Authority, no person employed by the
Authority shall exercise in relation to the aerodrome
any such functions as are mentioned in section 9 of
the said Act of 1968 (appointment of traffic wardens by
the Authority) .
(3) The reference in subsection ( 1) above to section 12 of the
said Act of 1965 includes a reference to that section as extended
by section 10( 2) of the said Act of 1968 ( functions as respects
abandoned vehicles) ; and subsection (2)(a) above has effect
whether or not the whole of the aerodrome is in the relevant
police area.
6.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by order make such provi- Supple-
sion as appears to him to be necessary or expedient in connection mentary
with, or in consequence of, any aerodrome becoming or ceasing orders.
to be a designated airport.
1102 1968 с. 61 .
c . 41
Policing of Airports Act 1974
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1 ) above
and to the foregoing provisions of this Act, any order under
this section may in particular-
(a) modify or suspend the operation of any local Act in
so far as it makes provision in relation to the policing
of the aerodrome ;
( b) amend any aerodrome byelaws for the purpose of
transferring to relevant constables any functions con-
ferred thereby on members of an aerodrome con-
stabulary, of extending the byelaws to the whole of
the aerodrome or of including in them any such
requirement as is mentioned in section 4( 1)(b) above ;
( c) make provision for any such transfers of officers and
staff as are mentioned in subsection (3) below ;
( d ) make provision in respect of the pension rights of officers
and staff so transferred, whether by requiring the
making of payments, by modifying or revoking, or
transferring or extinguishing liabilities or obligations
under, any pension scheme, by transferring or winding
up any pension fund or otherwise ;
(e) require the aerodrome authority to make payments by
way of compensation to or in respect of persons who
suffer any loss of office or employment or loss or
diminution of emoluments which is attributable to the
aerodrome becoming a designated airport, being pay-
ments of such amount and on such terms and condi-
tions as may be specified by or determined in
accordance with the order ;
( f ) exclude any part of the aerodrome from the right of entry
conferred by section 2( 1 ) (a) or 5 ( 2) ( a) above.
( 3) The transfers for which provision may be made under
this section are transfers, with the consent of the persons to be
transferred, of-
(a) members of any aerodrome constabulary maintained by
the aerodrome authority to the police force for the
relevant police area ;
( b ) persons employed by the British Airports Authority to
discharge such functions as are mentioned in section 9
of the Civil Aviation Act 1968 to employment as
traffic wardens by the police authority for the relevant
police area or, if that area is the metropolitan police
district, by the commissioner of police of the
metropolis.
c . 41
Policing ofAirports Act 1974 1103
(c ) other persons employed by the aerodrome authority for
police purposes to employment by the police authority
for the relevant police area or, if that area is a county,
to employment by the police authority or the county
council or, if that area is the metropolitan police dis-
trict , to employment as members of the metropolitan
civil staffs .
( 4 ) Any member of an aerodrome constabulary transferred
by virtue of an order under this section to the police force for
the relevant police area shall be deemed to have been duly
appointed as a member of that force and to have been duly
attested as such and, unless the order otherwise provides, shall
hold in that force the same rank as he held in the aerodrome
constabulary.
( 5 ) Any amendment of aerodrome byelaws by an order under
this section shall have effect as if duly made by the aerodrome
authority and confirmed under the enactment authorising the
authority to make aerodrome byelaws .
( 6 ) Before making an order under this section in relation
to any aerodrome the Secretary of State shall consult the aero-
drome authority and the police authority and chief officer of
police for the relevant police area.
( 7 ) The power to make an order under this section includes
power to vary or revoke a previous order and shall be exercisable
by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
7. The Secretary of State may, out of moneys provided by Contribution
Parliament, reimburse to any aerodrome authority such part as by Secretary
he may with the consent of the Treasury determine of- ofState to
expenses of
( a ) any payments made or other expenses incurred by the aerodrome authorities .
authority under section 2(3) above ;
( b) any payments made by the authority by virtue of any
order under section 6 above.
8.- (1 ) Subsections (2) and (3) below shall have effect with Application
respect to the application of this Act to Scotland. to Scotland .
(2) Where the relevant police area is a combined area,
references in this Act to the police authority shall be construed
as references to the joint police committee.
( 3) In section 6( 3)(c) , for the words from " if that area is a
county " to the end there shall be substituted the words " by
any local authority exercising functions for that area or any
part of that area " .
c.41
1104 Policing ofAirports Act 1974
Application
to Northern
Ireland.
9.-(1) Subsections (2) to ( 4) below shall have effect with
respect to the application of this Act to Northern Ireland.
(2) The references in section 1 (1) and (5) to constables or any
constable under the direction and control of the chief officer of
police for the area there mentioned shall be construed as
references to members or any member of the Royal Ulster Con-
stabulary or the Royal Ulster Constabulary Reserve ; and
references in other provisions to a chief officer of police shall
be construed as references to the Chief Constable of the Royal
Ulster Constabulary.
(3) References to the police authority or police force for a
police area shall respectively be construed as references to the
Police Authority for Northern Ireland and the Royal Ulster
Constabulary .
( 4 ) Any reference to any enactment (including the reference
to Acts in section 6(2) (a)) shall include a reference to enactments
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and Measures of the
Northern Ireland Assembly.
Short title and
interpretation. 1974.
10.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Policing of Airports Act
( 2 ) In this Act-
" aerodrome authority " means, in relation to any aero-
drome, the person (whether the British Airports
Authority, the Civil Aviation Authority, a local
authority or any other person) by whom the aerodrome
is managed ;
" aerodrome byelaws " means, in relation to any aerodrome,
byelaws having effect under any enactment authorising
the aerodrome authority to make byelaws in respect
of the whole or any part of the aerodrome ;
" aerodrome constabulary " means, in relation to any
aerodrome, any body of constables which the aero-
drome authority has power to maintain at the
aerodrome ;
" designated airport " has the meaning given in section 1 (5)
above ;
" members of the metropolitan civil staffs " means persons
who are employed under the commissioner of police
of the metropolis or the receiver for the metropolitan
police district and are not constables and whose salaries
are paid out of the metropolitan police fund ;
" relevant constable " has the meaning given in section
1(5 ) above ;
"
"
" relevant police area has the meaning given in section
1( 5) above.
с. 41
Policing ofAirports Act 1974 1105
( 3) For the purposes of this Act, an aerodrome which is a
designated airport shall include any land, building or works for
the time being included in that aerodrome for the purposes of
the Protection of Aircraft Act 1973 . 1973 с. 47.
1106 c. 42
DIEUET MON DROIT
YPENSE
OH
Independent
Authority
Broadcasting
1974 CHAPTER 42
An Act to extend from 31st July 1976 to 31st July 1979
the date until which the Independent Broadcasting casting
Authority are to provide television and local sound
(No. 2 ) Act 1974
broadcasting services . [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
Extension of
1. In section 2(1) of the Independent Broadcasting Authority
period of Independent
Act 1973 (function of Independent Broadcasting Authority to
provide television and local sound broadcasting services until
66
Broadcasting 31st July 1976) for " 1976 " there shall be substituted " 1979 ".
Authority's
function.
1973 с. 19.
Short title
and extent. 2.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Independent Broadcasting
Authority (No. 2) Act 1974.
(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern
Ireland.
(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that section 1
above shall extend to the Isle of Man or any of the Channel
Islands with such adaptations and modifications, if any, as may
be specified in the Order, and any Order in Council under this
section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in
Council.
c .43 1107
DIEUETMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Merchant Shipping Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 43
An Act to make further provision concerning oil pollution
by ships and related matters ; to give power to protect
shipping and trading interests against foreign action
concerning or affecting carriage of goods by sea; to
make provision relating to the operation of submersible
apparatus ; to alter the constitution of the Commis-
sioners of Northern Lighthouses ; and to amend certain
provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act 1970 relating
to offences committed by seamen . [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
PART I
THE INTERNATIONAL OIL POLLUTION COMPENSATION FUND
1.-( 1) In this Part of this Act-
(a) the " Liability Convention " means the International
Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution
Damage opened for signature in Brussels on 29th
November 1969,
( b) the " Fund Convention " means the International
Convention on the Establishment of an International
Fund for Compensation for Oil Pollution Damage
opened for signature in Brussels on 18th December
1971 ;
(c) " the Fund " means the International Fund established
by the Fund Convention ; and
A.D. 1974
Interpretation
ofPart I.
1108 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
c .43
PART I
"
( d ) " Fund Convention country means a country in
respect of which the Fund Convention is in force.
( 2 ) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that any
State specified in the Order is a party to the Fund Convention
in respect of any country so specified the Order shall, while in
force, be conclusive evidence that that State is a party to the
Convention in respect of that country.
( 3) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise
1971 с. 59.
requires-
the " Act of 1971 " means the Merchant Shipping (Oil
Pollution) Act 1971 ,
66
damage " includes loss,
66
discharge or escape ", in relation to pollution damage,
means the discharge or escape of oil carried by the
ship,
" guarantor " means any person providing insurance or
other financial security to cover the owner's liability
of the kind described in section 10 of the Act of 1971 ,
" oil ", except in sections 2 and 3, means persistent hydro-
carbon mineral oil,
" owner " means the person or persons registered as the
owner of the ship or, in the absence of registration,
the person or persons owning the ship, except that in
relation to a ship owned by a State which is operated
by a person registered as the ship's operator, it means
the person registered as its operator,
" pollution damage " means damage caused outside the
ship carrying oil by contamination resulting from the
escape or discharge of oil from the ship, wherever
the escape or discharge may occur, and includes the
cost of preventive measures and further damage
caused by preventive measures,
ود
" preventive measures means any reasonable measures
taken by any person after the occurrence to prevent
or minimise pollution damage,
66 " ship means any sea- going vessel and any seaborne
craft of any type whatsoever carrying oil in bulk as
cargo.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a ship's tonnage
shall be the net tonnage of the ship with the addition of the
amount deducted from the gross tonnage on account of engine
room space for the purpose of ascertaining the net tonnage.
If the ship cannot be measured in accordance with the
normal rules, its tonnage shall be deemed to be 40 per cent.
c . 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1109
of the weight in tons ( of 2240 lbs.) of oil which the ship is capable of carrying.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act , where more
than one discharge or escape results from the same occurrence
or from a series of occurrences having the same origin, they
shall be treated as one.
( 6 ) In this Part of this Act a franc shall be taken to be a unit
of 65 milligrammes of gold of millesimal fineness 900.
(7) The Secretary of State may from time to time by order
made by statutory instrument specify the amounts which for
the purposes of this Part of this Act are to be taken as
equivalent to any specified number of francs .
PART I
Contributions to Fund
2.-( 1 ) Contributions shall be payable to the Fund in respect
of oil carried by sea to ports or terminal installations in the
United Kingdom .
(2) Subsection ( 1) above applies whether or not the oil is
being imported, and applies even if contributions are payable
in respect of carriage of the same oil on a previous voyage.
(3) Contributions shall also be payable to the Fund in
respect of oil when first received in any installation in the
United Kingdom after having been carried by sea and dis-
charged in a port or terminal installation in a country which
is not a Fund Convention country.
( 4 ) The person liable to pay contributions is-
( a ) in the case of oil which is being imported into the
United Kingdom, the importer, and
( b) otherwise, the person by whom the oil is received.
( 5) A person shall not be liable to make contributions in
respect of the oil imported or received by him in any year if
the oil so imported or received in the year does not exceed
150,000 tonnes .
( 6 ) For the purpose of subsection (5) above-
( a ) all the members of a group of companies shall be
treated as a single person, and
(b) any two or more companies which have been amalga-
mated into a single company shall be treated as the
same person as that single company.
( 7) The contributions payable by a person for any year
shall-
Contributions
by importers
of oil and
others.
( a ) be of such amount as may be determined by the
Assembly of the Fund under Articles 11 and 12 of
c . 43
1110 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART I
1948 с. 38.
1960 с. 22
( Ν.Ι.).
the Fund Convention and notified to him by the
Fund ;
( b ) be payable in such instalments, becoming due at such
times, as may be so notified to him ;
and if any amount due from him remains unpaid after the date
on which it became due, it shall from then on bear interest,
at a rate determined from time to time by the said Assembly,
until it is paid.
( 8) The Secretary of State may by regulations contained
in a statutory instrument impose on persons who are or may
be liable to pay contributions under this section obligations
to give security for payment to the Secretary of State, or to
the Fund.
Regulations under this subsection-
( a ) may contain such supplemental or incidental pro-
visions as appear to the Secretary of State expedient,
( b) may impose penalties for contravention of the regula-
tions punishable on summary conviction by a fine
not exceeding £ 400, or such lower limit as may be
specified in the regulations, and
( c ) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament.
( 9) In this and the next following section, unless the context
otherwise requires-
" company " means a body incorporated under the law
of the United Kingdom, or of any other country ;
" group " in relation to companies, means a holding com-
pany and its subsidiaries as defined by section 154 of
the Companies Act 1948 (or for companies in Northern
Ireland section 148 of the Companies Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1960), subject, in the case of a company
incorporated outside the United Kingdom, to any neces-
sary modifications of those definitions ;
" importer " means the person by whom or on whose
behalf the oil in question is entered for customs
purposes on importation, and " import " shall be
construed accordingly ;
" oil" means crude oil and fuel oil, and
( a) " crude oil " means any liquid hydrocarbon
mixture occurring naturally in the earth whether or
not treated to render it suitable for transportation,
and includes-
(i ) crude oils from which distillate fractions
have been removed, and
c . 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1111
(ii) crude oils to which distillate fractions have
PART I
beenadded ,
( b) " fuel oil " means heavy distillates or residues
from crude oil or blends of such materials intended
for use as a fuel for the production of heat or
power of a quality equivalent to the " American
Society for Testing and Materials' Specification for
Number Four Fuel Oil ( Designation D 396-69) " , or
heavier.
" terminal installation " means any site for the storage of
oil in bulk which is capable of receiving oil from
waterborne transportation, including any facility
situated offshore and linked to any such site.
( 10 ) In this section "
sea does not include any waters on
the landward side of the baselines from which the territorial sea
of the United Kingdom is measured.
3.- (1 ) For the purpose of transmitting to the Fund the names Power to
and addresses of the persons who under the last preceding obtain information .
section are liable to make contributions to the Fund for any
year, and the quantity of oil in respect of which they are so
liable, the Secretary of State may by notice require any person
engaged in producing, treating, distributing or transporting oil
to furnish such information as may be specified in the notice.
( 2) A notice under this section may require a company to
give such information as may be required to ascertain whether
its liability is affected by subsection ( 6) of the last preceding
section.
( 3) A notice under this section may specify the way in which,
and the time within which, it is to be complied with.
( 4 ) In proceedings by the Fund against any person to recover
any amount due under the last preceding section, particulars
contained in any list transmitted by the Secretary of State to
the Fund shall, so far as those particulars are based on informa-
tion obtained under this section, be admissible as evidence of
the facts stated in the list ; and so far as particulars which
are so admissible are based on information given by the person
against whom the proceedings are brought, those particulars
shall be presumed to be accurate until the contrary is proved.
( 5) If a person discloses any information which has been
furnished to or obtained by him under this section, or in
connection with the execution of this section, he shall, unless
the disclosure is made-
( a) with the consent of the person from whom the informa-
tion was obtained, or
c . 43
1112 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART I
Liability of
the Fund,
1894 с. 60.
( b ) in connection with the execution of this section, or
( c ) for the purposes of any legal proceedings arising out
of this section or of any report of such proceedings,
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 6 ) A person who-
( a) refuses or wilfully neglects to comply with a notice
under this section, or
( b) in furnishing any information in compliance with a
notice under this section makes any statement which
he knows to be false in a material particular, or reck-
lessly makes any statement which is false in a material
particular,
shall be liable-
( i) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400, and
( ii ) on conviction on indictment to a fine, or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve
months, or to both.
Compensation for persons suffering pollution damage
4. (1) The Fund shall be liable for pollution damage in the
United Kingdom if the person suffering the damage has been
unable to obtain full compensation under section 1 of the Act
of 1971 (which gives effect to the Liability Convention) —
(a) because the discharge or escape causing the damage-
(i) resulted from an exceptional, inevitable and
irresistible phenomenon, or
(ii) was due wholly to anything done or left
undone by another person ( not being a servant or
agent of the owner) with intent to do damage, or
(iii) was due wholly to the negligence or wrongful
act of a government or other authority in exercising
its function of maintaining lights or other naviga-
tional aids for the maintenance of which it was
responsible,
(and because liability is accordingly wholly displaced
by section 2 of the Act of 1971) , or
(b) because the owner or guarantor liable for the damage
cannot meet his obligations in full, or
( c ) because the damage exceeds the liability under section
1 of the Act of 1971 as limited-
(i) by section 4 of the Act of 1971, or
(ii) (where the said section 4 is displaced by sec-
tion 9 of this Act ) by section 503 of the Merchant
Shipping Act 1894.
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 c . 43 1113
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall apply with the substitution for
the words " the United Kingdom " of the words " a Fund Con-
vention country " where-
( a) the headquarters of the Fund is for the time being in
the United Kingdom, and proceedings under the
Liability Convention for compensation for the pollu-
tion damage have been brought in a country which
is not a Fund Convention country, or
( b) the incident has caused pollution damage both in the
United Kingdom and in another Fund Convention
country, and proceedings under the Liability Conven-
tion for compensation for the pollution damage have
been brought in a country which is not a Fund Con-
vention country or in the United Kingdom.
( 3) Where the incident has caused pollution damage both in
the United Kingdom and in another country in respect of which
the Liability Convention is in force, references in this section
to the provisions of the Act of 1971 shall include references to
the corresponding provisions of the law of any country giving
effect to the Liability Convention.
( 4 ) Where proceedings under the Liability Convention for
compensation for pollution damage have been brought in a
country which is not a Fund Convention country and the Fund
is liable for that pollution damage by virtue of subsection (2) (a)
above, references in this section to the provisions of the Act
of 1971 shall be treated as references to the corresponding pro-
visions of the law of the country in which those proceedings
were brought.
( 5) For the purposes of this section an owner or guarantor
is to be treated as incapable of meeting his obligations if the
obligations have not been met after all reasonable steps to
pursue the legal remedies available have been taken.
( 6 ) Expenses reasonably incurred, and sacrifices reasonably
made, by the owner voluntarily to prevent or minimise pollu-
tion damage shall be treated as pollution damage for the
purposes of this section, and accordingly he shall be in the
same position with respect to claims against the Fund under
this section as if he had a claim in respect of liability under
section 1 of the Act of 1971 .
( 7 ) The Fund shall incur no obligation under this section
if-
PART I
( a) it proves that the pollution damage-
(i ) resulted from an act of war, hostilities, civil
war or insurrection, or
(ii) was caused by oil which has escaped or
been discharged from a warship or other ship
c . 43
1114 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART I owned or operated by a State and used, at the time
of the occurrence, only on Government non-
commercial service, or
( b) the claimant cannot prove that the damage resulted
from an occurrence involving a ship identified by
him, or involving two or more ships one of which is
identified by him.
( 8) If the Fund proves that the pollution damage resulted
wholly or partly-
(a ) from an act or omission done with intent to cause
damage by the person who suffered the damage, or
( b) from the negligence of that person,
the Fund may be exonerated wholly or partly from its obliga-
tion to pay compensation to that person :
Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a claim in
respect of expenses or sacrifices made voluntarily to prevent or
minimise pollution damage.
( 9) Where the liability under section 1 of the Act of 1971
is limited to any extent by subsection (5) of that section ( con-
tributory negligence ) , the Fund shall be exonerated to the
same extent.
(10) The Fund's liability under this section shall be subject
to the limits imposed by paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of Article 4
of the Fund Convention which impose an overall liability on
the liabilities of the owner and of the Fund, and the text of
which is set out in Schedule 1 to this Act.
(11) Evidence of any instrument issued by any organ of the
Fund or of any document in the custody of the Fund, or any
entry in or extract from such a document, may be given in any
legal proceedings by production of a copy certified as a true
copy by an official of the Fund ; and any document purporting to
be such a copy shall be received in evidence without proof of
the official position or handwriting of the person signing the
certificate.
( 12) For the purpose of giving effect to the said provisions of
Article 4 of the Fund Convention a court giving judgment
against the Fund in proceedings under this section shall notify
the Fund, and-
( a ) no steps shall be taken to enforce the judgment unless
and until the court gives leave to enforce it,
(b) that leave shall not be given unless and until the Fund
notifies the court either that the amount of the claim
is not to be reduced under the said provisions of
Article 4 of the Fund Convention, or that it is to be
reduced to a specified amount, and
( c ) in the latter case the judgment shall be enforceable
only for the reduced amount.
c .43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1115
Indemnification of shipowners PART I
5.- ( 1 ) Where a liability is incurred under section 1 of the Indemnifica-
Act of 1971 in respect of a ship registered in a Fund Conven- tionwhere damage is
tion country the Fund shall indemnify the owner and his causedby
guarantor for that portion of the aggregate amount of the ship registered
liability which- inFund
Convention
( a ) is in excess of an amount equivalent to 1500 francs country.
for each ton of the ship's tonnage or of an amount
of 125 million francs, whichever is the less, and
( b) is not in excess of an amount equivalent to 2000
francs for each ton of the said tonnage or an amount
of 210 million francs, whichever is the less.
(2) Where proceedings under the Liability Convention for
compensation for pollution damage have been brought in a
country which is not a Fund Convention country ( but is a
country in respect of which the Liability Convention is in force ),
and either-
( a ) the incident has caused pollution damage in the United
Kingdom (as well as in that other country) ; or
( b) the headquarters of the Fund is for the time being in
the United Kingdom,
subsection ( 1) above shall apply with the omission of the words
" under section 1 of the Act of 1971 " .
( 3) The Fund shall not incur an obligation under this section
where the pollution damage resulted from the wilful mis-
conduct of the owner.
( 4 ) In proceedings to enforce the Fund's obligation under
this section the court may exonerate the Fund wholly or partly
if it is proved that, as a result of the actual fault or privity
of the owner-
( a) the ship did not comply with such requirements as the
Secretary of State may by order prescribe for the
purposes of this section, and
( b) the occurrence or damage was caused wholly or partly
by that non- compliance.
(5) The requirements referred to in subsection ( 4 ) above are
such requirements as appear to the Secretary of State appropriate
to implement the provisions of-
( a) article 5(3) of the Fund Convention (marine safety
conventions), and
( b ) article 5( 4) of the Fund Convention ( which enables the
Assembly of the Fund to substitute new conventions) .
c .43
1116 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART I
(6) An order made under subsection (4) above-
( a) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order so
made, or
( b) may contain such transitional or other supplemental
provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be
expedient, and
( c) shall be contained in a statutory instrument subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 7) Expenses reasonably incurred, and sacrifices reasonably
made, by the owner voluntarily to prevent or minimise the pollu-
tion damage shall be treated as included in the owner's liability
for the purposes of this section.
Jurisdiction
and effect of
judgments.
1956 с. 46.
1933 с. 13.
Supplemental
6.- ( 1) Paragraph (d ) of section 1 ( 1) of the Administration of
Justice Act 1956 and paragraph 1( 1 )( d ) of Schedule 1 to that
Act (Admiralty jurisdiction in claims for damage done by ships)
shall be construed as extending to any claim in respect of a
liability falling on the Fund under this Part of this Act ; and
the Admiralty jurisdiction of the Court of Session shall extend
to any case arising out of any such claim.
(2 ) Where in accordance with rules of court made for the
purposes of this subsection the Fund has been given notice
of proceedings brought against an owner or guarantor in respect
of liability under section 1 of the Act of 1971 , any judgment
given in the proceedings shall, after it has become final and
enforceable, become binding upon the Fund in the sense that the
facts and evidence in the judgment may not be disputed by the
Fund even if the Fund has not intervened in the proceedings .
(3) Where a person incurs a liability under the law of a
Fund Convention country corresponding to the Act of 1971
for damage which is partly in the area of the United Kingdom,
subsection (2) above shall, for the purpose of proceedings under
this Part of this Act, apply with any necessary modifications to
a judgment in proceedings under that law of the said country .
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) below, Part I of the Foreign
Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1933 shall apply.
whether or not it would so apply apart from this subsection, to
any judgment given by a court in a Fund Convention country to
enforce a claim in respect of liability incurred under any pro-
vision corresponding to section 4 or 5 of this Act; and in its
application to such a judgment the said Part I shall have effect
with the omission of subsections (2) and ( 3) of section 4 of the
Act of 1933 .
c. 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1117
(5) No steps shall be taken to enforce such a judgment unless
PART I
and until the court in which it is registered under Part I of the
Act of 1933 gives leave to enforce it : and-
( a) that leave shall not be given unless and until the Fund
notifies the court either that the amount of the claim
is not to be reduced under paragraph 4 of Article 4
of the Fund Convention (as set out in Schedule 1 to
this Act) or that it is to be reduced to a specified
amount ; and
( b) in the latter case, the judgment shall be enforceable
only for the reduced amount.
7.-( 1) No action to enforce a claim against the Fund under Extinguish-
this Part of this Act shall be entertained by a court in the ment of
claims.
United Kingdom unless-
(a ) the action is commenced, or
( b) a third-party notice of an action to enforce a claim
against the owner or his guarantor in respect of the
same damage is given to the Fund,
not later than three years after the claim against the Fund
arose.
In this subsection " third party notice " means a notice of the
kind described in subsections (2) and (3) of the last preceding
section.
( 2 ) No action to enforce a claim against the Fund under
this Part of this Act shall be entertained by a court in the
United Kingdom unless the action is commenced not later
than six years after the occurrence, or first of the occurrences,
resulting in the discharge or escape by reason of which the
claim against the Fund arose.
( 3) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section,
a person's right to bring an action under section 5 of this
Act shall not be extinguished before six months from the date
when that person first acquired knowledge of the bringing of
an action against him under the Act of 1971 ( that is to say an
action to enforce a liability against which he seeks indemnity),
or under the corresponding provisions of the law of any country
outside the United Kingdom giving effect to the Liability
Convention.
8 .-( 1) In respect of any sum paid under section 4(1)( b) of Subrogation
this Act ( default by owner or guarantor on liability for
and rights of
recourse.pollution damage ) the Fund shall acquire by subrogation the
rights of the recipient against the owner or guarantor.
c.43
1118 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART I
Modification
of limitation
of liability
under Act of
1971.
( 2 ) The right of the Fund under subsection ( 1) above is
subject to any obligation of the Fund under section 5 of this
Act to indemnify the owner or guarantor for any part of the
liability on which he has defaulted.
(3) In respect of any sum paid-
( a) under paragraph (a) or paragraph ( c) of section 4( 1 ) ;
or
( b ) under section 5,
the Fund shall acquire by subrogation any rights of recourse or
subrogation which the owner or guarantor or any other person
has in respect of his liability for the damage in question.
( 4 ) In respect of any sum paid by a public authority in the
United Kingdom as compensation for pollution damage, that
authority shall acquire by subrogation any rights which the
recipient has against the Fund under this Part of this Act.
9. In the Act of 1971 after section 8 there shall be inserted
the following section-
Cases
excluded
" 8A. ( 1) Sections 4 to 8 of this Act shall not
from sec-
apply to a ship which at the time of the discharge
tions 4to 8. or escape was registered in a country-
( a ) which was not a Convention country, and
( b) which was a country in respect of which
the 1957 Convention was in force.
( 2 ) In this section ' the 1957 Convention ' means
the International Convention relating to the
Limitation of the Liability of Owners of Seagoing
Ships signed in Brussels on 10th October 1957.
(3) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares
that any country-
( a ) is not a Convention country within the
meaning of this Act, and
( b) is a country in respect of which the 1957
Convention is in force,
or that it was such a country at a time specified
in the Order, the Order shall, while in force, be
conclusive evidence of the facts stated in the
Order. "
Interpretation
ofPart II.
PART II
OIL TANKERS
10.- (1) In this Part of this Act " the Conventions " means-
(a ) Article VI bis and Annex C of the International Con-
vention, signed in London on 12th May 1954, for the
c . 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1119
Prevention of Pollution of the Sea by Oil, which
Article and Annex were added on 15th October 1971
by resolution of the Assembly of the Inter- governmental
Maritime Consultative Organisation ; and
(b) any other international convention, or amendment of an
international convention, which relates in whole or in
part to prevention of pollution of the sea by oil, and
which has been signed for the United Kingdom before
the passing of this Act, or later.
"
( 2) In this Part of this Act " Convention country means a
country in respect of which a State is a party to any of the
Conventions.
( 3) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that any
State specified in the Order is a party to any of the Conventions
in respect of any country so specified, the Order shall, while
in force , be conclusive evidence that that State is a party to
the Convention in respect of that country.
( 4) In this Part of this Act-
" oil tanker " means a ship which is constructed or adapted
primarily to carry oil in bulk in its cargo spaces
( whether or not it is also so constructed or adapted
as to be capable of carrying other cargoes in those
spaces),
" United Kingdom oil tanker "
means an oil tanker regi-
stered in the United Kingdom,
" oil " means crude oil, fuel oil (including diesel oil) and
lubricating oil,
" port " includes an off- shore terminal, and references to
entering or leaving a port shall include references to
using or ceasing to use an off-shore terminal.
PART II
11 .-( 1 ) For the purpose of preventing pollution of the sea Design and
by oil, the Secretary of State may make rules ( called " oil construction
tanker construction rules ") prescribing requirements to be of oil tankers .
complied with by United Kingdom oil tankers in respect of
their design and construction.
( 2) The said rules may include such requirements as appear
to the Secretary of State to implement any of the provisions
ofthe Conventions, so far as they relate to prevention of pollution
of the sea by oil.
This subsection applies whether or not the said provisions are
for the time being binding on Her Majesty's Government in the
United Kingdom.
c . 43
1120 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART II
Restrictions
on tankers
sailing from
United
Kingdom
ports .
( 3) Oil tanker construction rules may provide
( a ) for oil tankers to be surveyed and inspected with a
view to determining whether they comply with the
rules,
( b) for a tanker which on a survey is found to comply to
66
be issued with a certificate called a tanker con-
struction certificate ", and
( c) for a tanker which is not required to comply with the
rules to be issued with a certificate called a " tanker
exemption certificate " .
( 4 ) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this Part of this Act.
( 5) It is hereby declared that the oil tankers to which rules
under this section may be applied include those designed or
constructed before the rules come into force, and that the
following provisions of this Part of this Act apply whether the
oil tanker in question was designed or constructed before or
after the relevant requirements as to design or construction came
into force.
( 6) Oil tanker construction rules shall be contained in a
statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a reso
lution of either House of Parliament.
12.-( 1) No oil tanker shall proceed, or attempt to proceed,
to sea unless-
( a) it is a certificated oil tanker (within the meaning of
Schedule 3 to this Act) , or
( b) it is not registered in the United Kingdom, and-
(i) if it were a United Kingdom oil tanker, it would
qualify for the issue of a tanker exemption certificate,
or
(ii) its gross tonnage is less than 150 tons, or
( c) the Secretary of State has issued it with leave to sail .
( 2) Where an application is made for leave to sail to be
issued to an oil tanker, then-
( a) if the tanker is registered in the United Kingdom, the
Secretary of State may issue it with leave to sail where
he considers it appropriate to do so ;
( b) if the tanker is not registered in the United Kingdom,
the Secretary of State-
(i) shall issue it with leave to sail if he is satisfied
that it would qualify for the issue of a tanker con-
struction certificate if it were a United Kingdom oil
tanker ; and
( ii) may, if he is not so satisfied, issue it with leave
to sail where he considers it appropriate to do so.
c .43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1121
( 3) Leave to sail issued under paragraph ( a) or (b) (ii) of sub- section (2) above may be issued subject to conditions imposed
with a view to preventing or limiting the danger of oil pollution,
including-
( a) conditions as to the cargo with which the tanker may
sail ;
( b) a condition that the tanker sails only to a specified port
in the United Kingdom or elsewhere .
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5) below, if-
( a) an oil tanker proceeds, or attempts to proceed, to sea
in contravention of subsection ( 1) above ; or
( b ) leave to sail having been issued to an oil tanker under
this section subject to conditions, it proceeds to sea
but the conditions are not complied with,
the owner and master of the tanker shall each be liable on
summary conviction to a fine of not more than £10,000, or on
conviction on indictment to a fine.
( 5) In proceedings under subsection (4 ) above, it shall be a
defence to prove that in order-
(a) to ensure the safety of the oil tanker, or
(b) to reduce the risk of damage to any other vessel or
property,
it was necessary for the tanker to proceed to sea in contravention
of subsection ( 1) above or, as the case may be, without comply-
ing with the conditions mentioned in paragraph ( b) of sub-
section ( 4) .
In this section " damage" does not include damage caused
by contamination resulting from the escape or discharge of oil
from a tanker.
PARTI
13.- (1) If it appears to the Secretary of State that an oil Restrictions
tanker is not certificated ( within the meaning of Schedule 3 to onuncertifi- cated tankers.
this Act ) he may direct the oil tanker-
( a) not to enter any port in the United Kingdom ( or not
to enter one or more specified ports in the United
Kingdom ) ; or
( b ) not to enter all or any ports in the United Kingdom
except subject to specified conditions.
( 2) A direction may be given under this section in respect of
an oil tanker which is for the time being in a port in the United
Kingdom, so as to apply after it leaves that port.
( 3) Directions under this section shall be addressed to the
master or owner of the tanker, or to both, and may be com-
municated by any means which appear to the Secretary of State
suitable for the purpose.
F
c . 43
1122 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART II ( 4 ) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, if an oil tanker enters
a port in the United Kingdom in contravention of a direction
under this section, or without complying with any conditions
imposed under this section, the owner and the master of the
tanker shall each be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £15,000, or on conviction on indictment to a fine.
( 5) In proceedings under subsection (4 ) above, it shall be a
defence to prove that the tanker entered the port out of
necessity due
( a ) to an emergency involving a threat to any person's life
or the safety of the tanker, or
( b) to circumstances outside the control of the tanker's
master.
Foreign
action
affecting
shipping.
PART III
PROTECTION OF SHIPPING AND TRADING INTERESTS
14 .-(1) The Secretary of State may exercise the powers con-
ferred by this section if he is satisfied that a foreign govern-
ment, or any agency or authority of a foreign government, have
adopted, or propose to adopt, measures or practices concerning
or affecting the carriage of goods by sea which-
( a) are damaging or threaten to damage the shipping or trad-
ing interests of the United Kingdom, or
( b) are damaging or threaten to damage the shipping or
trading interests of another country, and the Secretary
of State is satisfied that action under this section would
be in fulfilment of the international obligations of Her
Majesty's Government to that other country.
(2 ) The Secretary of State may by order make provision for
requiring persons in the United Kingdom carrying on any trade
or business to provide the Secretary of State with all such
information as he may require for the purpose of enabling him-
( a ) to determine what further action to take under this
section, and
( b) to ensure compliance with any orders or directions
made or given under this section.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order provide for-
( a) regulating the carriage of goods in ships and the rates
which may or must be charged for carrying them ;
( b) regulating the admission and departure of ships to and
from United Kingdom ports, the cargoes they may
carry, and the loading or unloading of cargoes ;
( c ) regulating the making and implementation of agree-
ments (including charter-parties) whose subject matter
relates directly or indirectly to the carriage of goods
by sea, and requiring such agreements to be subject
c . 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1123
to the Secretary of State's approval in such cases as he may specify ;
( d ) imposing charges in respect of ships which enter United
Kingdom ports to load or unload cargo.
( 4 ) In a case falling within subsection ( 1)(a) above, an order
under subsection (3) above shall specify the measures or practices
which in the opinion of the Secretary of State are damaging or
threaten to damage shipping or trading interests of the United
Kingdom.
( 5 ) An order under this section may authorise the Secretary
of State to give directions to any person for the purposes of
the order:
Provided that this subsection shall not apply for the purpose
of recovering charges imposed under subsection (3)(d ) above.
(6) Any order or direction made or given under this section-
( a) may be either general or special, and may be subject
to such conditions or exceptions as the Secretary of
State specifies ( including conditions and exceptions
operating by reference to the giving or withholding
of his approval for any course of action) ;
( b) may be in terms that require compliance either
generally or only in specified cases ;
( c ) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order, or
as the case may be, a subsequent direction, so made or
given,
and an order made pursuant to this section shall be contained in
a statutory instrument.
( 7) Before the Secretary of State makes an order under this
section he shall consult such representatives of the shipping
or trading interests of the United Kingdom, and such other
persons, as appear to him appropriate.
( 8) If a person discloses any information which has been
furnished to or obtained by him under this section, or in
connection with the execution of this section, he shall, unless
the disclosure is made
( a ) with the consent of the person from whom the infor-
mation was obtained, or
(b) in connection with the execution of this section, or
(c) for the purposes of any legal proceedings arising out of
this section or of any report of such proceedings,
be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 9) A person who-
( a ) refuses or wilfully neglects to furnish any information
which he is required to furnish under this section, or
F2
PART III
c . 43
1124 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PART
Parliamentary
control of
orders under
Part III.
(b) in furnishing any such information makes any state-
ment which he knows to be false in a material par-
ticular, or recklessly makes any statement which is
false in a material particular,
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400.
( 10) A person who wilfully contravenes or fails to comply with
any provision of an order or direction made or given pursuant
to this section, other than a provision requiring him to give any
information, shall be liable-
( a ) on summary conviction to a fine of not more than
£5,000 ;
( b ) on conviction on indictment to a fine ;
and where the order or direction requires anything to be done,
or not to be done, by, to or on a ship, and the requirement
is not complied with, the owner and master of the ship are each
to be regarded as wilfully failing to comply, without prejudice to
the liability of anyone else.
(11 ) In this section " foreign government " means the govern-
ment of any country outside the United Kingdom ; and refer-
ences to ships are to ships of any registration.
( 12) Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this section, which in that Schedule is called " the principal
section".
15.- ( 1) No order shall be made in exercise of the powers
conferred by subsection (3) of the last preceding section unless-
( a) a draft has been approved by resolution of each House
of Parliament , or
( b) it is declared in the order that it appears to the Secre
tary of State that by reason of urgency it is necessary
to make the order without a draft having been so
approved.
( 2) An order made in exercise of the powers conferred by the
said subsection (3) without a draft having been approved by
resolution of each House of Parliament shall cease to have
effect at the expiration of a period of 28 days beginning with
the date on which it was made unless before the expiration of
that period it has been approved by resolution of each House of
Parliament, but without prejudice to anything previously done,
or to the making of a new order.
In reckoning for the purposes of this subsection any period of
28 days, no account shall be taken of any period during which
Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both
Houses are adjourned for more than four days.
( 3) An order under the last preceding section which is not
made in exercise of the powers conferred by subsection (3) of
c .43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1125
that section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
PART III
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4) If an order under that section recites that it is not made
in exercise of the powers conferred by the said subsection (3),
the recital shall be conclusive.
PART IV
SUBMERSIBLE APPARATUS
16.- (1) This Part of this Act applies to any submersible or Apparatus
supporting apparatus- to which
Part IV
( a ) operated withinwaters which are in the United Kingdom applies .
or which are adjacent thereto and within the seaward
limits of territorial waters, or
( b ) launched or operated from, or comprising, a ship regis-
tered in the United Kingdom or a British ship of a
specified description ( being a British ship which is not
registered in the United Kingdom ) .
( 2 ) In this section-
" apparatus " includes any vessel, vehicle or hovercraft, any
structure, any diving plant or equipment and any other
form of equipment,
" specified " means specified in regulations made by the
Secretary of State for the purposes of this section,
" submersible apparatus " means any apparatus used, or
designed for use, in supporting human life on or under
the bed of any waters or elsewhere under the surface
of any waters, and
ود
" supporting apparatus means any apparatus used or
designed for use, in connection with the operation of
any submersible apparatus .
17.- (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations-
Safety of submersible
( a ) for the safety of submersible and supporting apparatus ; and supporting
( b) for the prevention of accidents in or near submersible apparatus.
or supporting apparatus ;
( c) for the safety, health and welfare of persons on or in
submersible and supporting apparatus ;
( d ) for prohibiting or otherwise restricting the operation of
any submersible apparatus except in accordance with
the conditions of a licence granted under the regula-
tions ; and
( e ) for the registration of submersible apparatus .
( 2) Regulations made under this section shall be contained
in a statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
the provisions of this section.
F3
c . 43
1126 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
Commis-
sioners of
Northern Lighthouses.
1894 с. 60.
Offences by
seamen.
1970 с. 36.
PART V
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Miscellaneous
18.-( 1 ) Section 668 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894
( constitution of Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses) shall
be amended as follows .
( 2) After paragraph (d ) of subsection ( 1) there shall be
inserted-
" ( dd ) a person nominated by the Lieutenant- Governor of
the Isle of Man and appointed by the Secretary of
State".
( 3) At the end of the said section 668 there shall be added-
" (4 ) The Commissioners may elect, as members of their
body , not more than four other persons .
( 5) A person appointed by the Secretary of State under
subsection ( 1 )( dd ) above, or a person appointed by the
Commissioners under subsection ( 4 ) above, shall hold office
for three years, but shall be eligible for re-appointment. "
19.-( 1 ) The Merchant Shipping Act 1970 shall be amended
in accordance with the following provisions of this section.
( 2) In section 27 (which creates an offence in relation to
misconduct endangering a ship or persons on board, punishable
on summary conviction with a fine not exceeding £200) for the
words " £200 " there shall be substituted the words " £ 400 ".
(3) Section 29 (which makes it an offence wilfully to disobey a
lawful command relating to, or likely to affect, the operation of
a ship or of its equipment ) and section 31 (which makes it an
offence in certain circumstances for a seaman to be absent
without leave at the time of sailing ) are hereby repealed.
( 4 ) In section 30 (continued or concerted disobedience, neglect
of duty, etc.) for the words from the beginning of paragraph (c)
to the end there shall be substituted : -
( c ) combines with other seamen employed in that ship-
( i) to disobey lawful commands which are required
to be obeyed at a time while the ship is at sea ;
( ii ) to neglect any duty which is required to be
discharged at such a time ; or
(iii) to impede, at such a time, the progress of a
voyage or the navigation of the ship,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £100.
For the purposes of this section a ship shall be treated as
being at sea at any time when it is not securely moored in a
safe berth. "
c.43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1127
( 5) In section 34( 2) (which imposes a limit of £10 on the
PARTV
amount of any fine which may be imposed on a seaman for a
“
disciplinary offence ") for the words " £10 " there shall be
substituted the words " £20 " .
(6) The following provisions referring to sections repealed by
subsection (3) above shall be amended, that is to say-
( a ) in section 32 the words " 29 " shall be omitted ;
( b) in paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 the words " 29 ", in both
places, and the words " or 31 " shall be omitted;
( c ) in section 95( 1)(a) for the words " 29 to " there shall be
substituted the words " 30 and ".
Supplemental
20.-( 1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that Extension
specified provisions of this Act shall extend, subject to specified to British
exceptions, modifications or adaptations, to any of the following possessions
etc.
countries, that is to say-
( a) the Isle of Man ;
(b) any of the Channel Islands ;
( c ) any colony other than one for whose external relations a
country other than the United Kingdom is responsible ;
( d ) any country outside Her Majesty's dominions in which
Her Majesty has jurisdiction in right of Her Majesty's
Government in the United Kingdom .
( 2 ) In respect of any country falling within any of paragraphs
(a) to (d ) of subsection ( 1) above, Her Majesty may by Order in
Council, specifying that country, direct that, with specified excep-
tions , adaptations or modifications, specified provisions of
this Act shall have effect as if references therein to the United
Kingdom included references to that country.
( 3) In subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above " specified " means speci-
fied by an Order under this section.
( 4 ) Any Order made under subsection (2 ) above shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
21. Any sum received by a Minister under this Act shall be Financial
paid into the Consolidated Fund. provisions.
22. Where an offence under this Act, or under regulations Offences by
made under any of its provisions, which has been committed bodies
by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with corporate.
the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any
neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body
corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to
be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
F4
c .43
1128 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
PARTV
In this section " director ", in relation to a body corporate
established by or under any enactment for the purpose of
carrying on under public ownership any industry or part of an
industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs
are managed by its members, means a member of that body
corporate.
Construction
and
23.-(1 ) This Act shall be construed as one with the Merchant
Shipping Acts 1894 to 1971, and without prejudice to the
interpretation. generality of this provision, references in those Acts to the
Merchant Shipping Acts shall be construed as including refer-
ences to this Act.
( 2) References in this Act to the area of any country include
the territorial sea of that country, and references to pollution
damage in the United Kingdom shall be construed accordingly.
( 3) It is hereby declared that any power to give directions
conferred by this Act includes a power to vary or revoke
directions so given .
( 4 ) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under
any other enactment.
Citation,
commence-
ment, repeals
and extent.
1853 с. 107.
24.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping
Act 1974 ; and this Act and the Merchant Shipping Acts 1894
to 1971 may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts
1894 to 1974.
( 2) This Act shali come into force on such day as the Secre-
tary of State may appoint by order made by statutory instru-
ment ; and different days may be appointed for different
provisions, or for different purposes .
( 3) An order under subsection ( 2 ) above may make such
transitional provision as appears to the Secretary of State to
be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions
thereby brought into force, including such adaptations of those
provisions, or any provisions of this Act then in force, as appear
to him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the
partial operation of this Act (whether before or after the day
appointed by the order ).
( 4 ) Sections 324 to 326 and sections 330 and 331 of the
Customs Consolidation Act 1853 (which relate to reciprocity in
international commerce ) are hereby repealed.
( 5 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
c.43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1129
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
OVERALL LIMIT ON LIABILITY OF FUND
Article 4 -paragraphs 4, 5 and 6
4. ( a ) Except as otherwise provided in sub - paragraph ( b ) of this
paragraph, the aggregate amount of compensation payable
by the Fund under this Article shall in respect of any
one incident be limited , so that the total sum of that amount
and the amount of compensation actually paid under the
Liability Convention for pollution damage caused in the
territory of the Contracting States, including any sums
in respect of which the Fund is under an obligation to
indemnify the owner pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1,
of this Convention , shall not exceed 450 million francs.
( b ) The aggregate amount of compensation payable by the
Fund under this Article for pollution damage resulting
from a natural phenomenon of an exceptional, inevitable
and irresistible character shall not exceed 450 million
francs.
5. Where the amount of established claims against the Fund
exceeds the aggregate amount of compensation payable under para-
graph 4 , the amount available shall be distributed in such amanner
that the proportion between any established claim and the amount
of compensation actually recovered by the claimant under the
Liability Convention and this Convention shall be the same for all
claimants.
6. The Assembly of the Fund ( hereinafter referred to as "the
Assembly ") may, having regard to the experience of incidents which
have occurred and in particular the amount of damage resulting
therefrom and to changes in the monetary values , decide that
the amount of 450 million francs referred to in paragraph 4, sub-
paragraph (a ) and ( b), shall be changed; provided, however, that
this amount shall in no case exceed 900 million francs or be lower
than 450 million francs. The changed amount shall apply to
incidents which occur after the date of the decision effecting the
change .
Sections4 ( 10 )
6 ( 5 ).
SCHEDULE 2
Section11( 4 ).
OIL TANKERS
Surveys, inspections and certificates
1.- (1) Oil tanker construction rules may provide for any surveys or
inspections under the rules to be undertaken, and certificates to be
issued , in such circumstances as may be specified in the rules, by
persons appointed by such organisations as may be authorised for
the purpose by the Secretary of State.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall have effect notwithstanding
section 86 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 ( which requires certain 1894 с. 60.
c.43
1130 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
SCH. 2 surveys and measurements to be carried out by officers of the
Secretary of State ) .
( 3) The rules may apply any of the following provisions of the
Merchant Shipping Act 1894 with such exceptions or modifications
as may be prescribed by the rules, that is-
(a ) section 272( 2) (surveyor to deliver declaration of survey to
owner ),
( b) section 273 (owner to deliver declaration to Secretary of
State ),
( c ) section 275 ( appeal to court of survey ),
( d ) section 276 and sections 278 to 281 (provisions about
certificates),
(e ) section 282 ( forgery of certificate or declaration of survey ) .
Duty to notify alterations
2.- (1 ) The rules may require the owner of a United Kingdom
oil tanker to notify the Secretary of State of any alteration to the
tanker which may affect the question of its qualification or continued
qualification for a tanker construction certificate or a tanker exemption
certificate.
( 2 ) If any person contravenes the rules by failing to notify such
an alteration, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £1,000.
Clearance of outgoing tanker
3.- (1 ) Before a certificated oil tanker proceeds to sea, the master
of the tanker shall produce the certificate to the officer of customs
from whom a clearance for the ship is demanded.
( 2) Before any oil tanker which is not certificated proceeds to sea,
the master of the tanker shall produce to the officer of customs from
whom a clearance for the ship is demanded evidence to the satis-
faction of the officer that the departure will not be in contravention
of section 12 of this Act.
( 3) A clearance shall not be granted, and the tanker may be
detained, until the certificate or other evidence is so produced.
Inspection of foreign tanker
4.(1) For the purpose of determining whether an oil tanker not
registered in the United Kingdom is certificated, or whether, if it
were a United Kingdom oil tanker, it would qualify for the issue
of a tanker construction certificate or a tanker exemption certificate ,
a competent officer may at all reasonable times go on board the
tanker and inspect any part of it , and call for the production of any
document carried in the tanker.
( 2 ) An officer exercising powers under this paragraph shall not
unnecessarily detain or delay a tanker but may, if he considers it
necessary in order to determine-
( a ) whether the tanker should be issued with leave to sail under
section 12 of this Act, or whether leave to sail should be
c . 43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1131
issued subject to any conditions under subsection ( 3) of that SCH. 2
section , or
( b ) whether an order should be issued in respect of the tanker
under section 13 of this Act,
require the tanker to be taken into dock for a survey of its hull ,
cargo -spaces or fuel- tanks.
( 3) If any person obstructs an officer acting under this paragraph,
or fails to comply with a requirement made under sub- paragraph ( 2)
above, or fails to produce a document carried in the tanker when
called on by the officer to produce it, he shall be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £100.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " competent officer " means an officer of the
Secretary of State authorised by him to act thereunder.
( 5) Nothing in this paragraph prejudices section 76 of the Merchant 1970 c. 36.
Shipping Act 1970 ( general powers of inspection ).
Offences
5.- (1 ) Oil tanker construction rules may provide for the punish-
ment of any contravention of or failure to comply with the rules by
making a person liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£100, or such lower limit as may be specified in the rules.
( 2 ) This paragraph is without prejudice to liability for any offence
against the rules for which a punishment is provided by some other
provision of this Act.
Fees
6. Oil tanker construction rules-
( a ) may, with the approval of the Treasury, prescribe the fees
payable in respect of surveys and inspections carried out,
and certificates issued, under the rules ;
( b ) shall, subject to sub-paragraph (c ) below, provide for all
fees payable under the rules to be paid to the Secretary
of State ; and
( c ) may, in the case of surveys and inspections carried out,
and certificates issued, by persons appointed by organi-
sations authorised under paragraph 1 above, provide for
fees to be payable to those persons or organisations.
SCHEDULE 3
CERTIFICATED OIL TANKERS
1. In Part II of this Act a " certificated oil tanker " means one
falling within paragraphs 2, 3 or 4 below.
2. An oil tanker is certificated if it is a United Kingdom oil tanker
in respect of which a tanker construction certificate or a tanker
exemption certificate is in force.
3 .- (1) An oil tanker registered in a Convention country (other
than the United Kingdom) is certificated if a certificate corresponding
to a tanker construction certificate or tanker exemption certificate
duly issued under the law of that country is in force in respect of the
tanker .
Section 12 (1).
c . 43
1132 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
SCH . 3 Section 14 (12 ).
1952 с. 44.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may by order in a statutory instrument
declare that for the purposes of this paragraph a certificate of a kind
specified in the order is one which corresponds to a tanker construc-
tion certificate or tanker exemption certificate, and is of a kind which
is issued under the law of a Convention country so specified.
( 3) An order under this paragraph shall, while the order is in force,
be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in the order.
4.- (1) An oil tanker is certificated if a certificate of a prescribed
kind issued under the law of a country which is not a Convention
country is in force as respects the oil tanker.
"
( 2 ) In this paragraph " prescribed means prescribed by order
of the Secretary of State contained in a statutory instrument.
5. An order made under this Schedule may be varied or revoked
by a subsequent order so made.
SCHEDULE 4
PROTECTION OF SHIPPING AND TRADING INTERESTS
Customs powers
1.- (1) An order made under the principal section with the consent
of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise may provide for the
enforcement and execution of any order or direction under the
principal section by officers of customs and excise.
( 2 ) Officers of customs and excise acting under any provision
made under sub-paragraph (1) above shall have power to enter
any premises or vessel.
( 3 ) Section 53 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (power to refuse
or cancel clearance of ship or aircraft ) shall apply as if the prin-
cipal section and this Schedule were contained in that Act.
Orders imposing charges
2.- (1) An order under subsection ( 3)( d ) of the principal
section-
( a ) may apply to ships of any description specified in the
order, and may apply in particular to ships registered in
a specified country, or ships carrying specified goods or
cargoes, and
(b) may contain such provisions as appear to the Secretary
of State expedient to enable the Commissioners of Customs
and Excise to collect any charge imposed by the order,
and
( c ) may apply any of the provisions of the customs Acts which
relate to duties of customs, subject to any modifications
or exceptions specified in the order.
( 2) The charge so imposed may be a fixed amount, or may be an
amount depending on the tonnage of the ship .
( 3) Any such charge shall be payable to the Secretary of State.
c .43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1133
Criminal proceedings
3. A person shall not be guilty of an offence against any provision
contained in or having effect under the principal section or this
Schedule by reason only of something done by that person wholly
outside the area of the United Kingdom unless that person is a
British subject or a company incorporated under the law of any
part of the United Kingdom.
Interpretation
4. In the principal section " port " includes an off-shore terminal,
and references to entering or leaving a port shall include references
to using or ceasing to use an off-shore terminal.
SCHEDULE 5
REGULATIONS RELATING TO SUBMERSIBLE
AND SUPPORTING APPARATUS
1.- (1) In this Schedule " regulations " means regulations made
under section 17 of this Act, and " prescribed means prescribed
by regulations.
( 2) Nothing in this Schedule shall be taken to prejudice the
generality of section 17 of this Act.
Registration of submersible apparatus
2. Regulations made by virtue of section 17(1) (e) of this Act may
make provision-
( a ) for all matters relevant to the maintenance of a register of
submersible apparatus,
( b ) without prejudice to sub- paragraph ( a ) above, for the
period for which any registration or exemption is to remain
effective without renewal, the alteration or cancellation
in any prescribed circumstances of registration or exemp-
tion or of any conditions attached thereto, the person by
whom and manner in which applications in connection
with any registration or exemption are to be made, and
information and evidence to be furnished in connection
with any such application,
( c ) for the marking or other means of identification of any
submersible apparatus,
(d ) for the issue of certificates of registration or exemption, and
the custody, surrender, production or display of the certi-
ficates or copies of them,
( e ) for matters arising out of the termination of any registra-
tion or exemption, or any conditions attached thereto.
Offences
3.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, regulations—
( a ) may provide for the creation of offences and for their
punishment on summary conviction or on conviction on
indictment, and
SCH. 4
Section 17(3) .
c . 43
1134 Merchant Shipping Act 1974
SCH. 5 ( b ) may afford , in respect of any description of offence created
by the regulations, such defence (if any) as may be
prescribed .
( 2) The punishment for an offence created by regulations shall be-
( a ) on summary conviction a fine not exceeding £ 400,
( b) on conviction on indictment imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 2 years, or a fine, or both,
but without prejudice to any further restriction contained in the
regulations on the punishments which can be awarded and without
prejudice to the exclusion by the regulations of proceedings on
indictment.
Exemptions from regulations
4.- (1) The operation of any regulations may be excluded in
whole or in part in relation to any class or description of submersible
or supporting apparatus by regulations, or in relation to any particu-
lar apparatus by the direction of the Secretary of State given in such
manner as he thinks appropriate.
( 2) Any exemption or exclusion by regulations or by directions
of the Secretary of State under this paragraph may be made subject
to the imposition of conditions specified by the regulations or
directions.
( 3) Where, in pursuance of this paragraph, a person is exempted or
excluded from the requirements of the provisions of regulations but,
subject to a condition, and the condition is not observed, the
exemption or exclusion shall not have effect, and accordingly proceed-
ings may be brought in respect of any offence created by the
regulations.
General
5. Regulations-
( a) may provide for their operation anywhere outside the United
Kingdom and for their application to persons, whether or
not British subjects, and to companies, whether or not
incorporated under the law of any part of the United
Kingdom,
( b) may provide that in any proceedings for an offence under the
regulations an averment in any process of the fact that
anything was done or situated within waters to which this
Act applies shall, until the contrary is proved, be sufficient
evidence of that fact as stated in the averment,
( c ) may provide that proceedings for any offence under the
regulations may be taken, and the offence be treated for all
incidental purposes as having been committed, in any place
in the United Kingdom,
( d ) may provide for any provisions of the Merchant Shipping
Acts 1894 to 1970 relating to inquiries and investigations
into shipping casualties to apply ( with such modifications
as may be specified) in relation to casualties involving any
submersible apparatus which is not a ship as they apply
to ships,
c .43
Merchant Shipping Act 1974 1135
( e) may provide that specified provisions of any enactment
(other than this Act ) shall, in such circumstances as may
be prescribed, not have effect in relation to such class or
description of, or to such particular, submersible or
supporting apparatus as may be prescribed ;
( f ) may make different provision for different classes or descrip-
tions of submersible or supporting apparatus and for
different circumstances,
( g ) may contain such supplemental, and incidental provisions as
appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient, including
provision for requiring the payment of fees in connection
with the making of applications and the granting of licences
or issue of certificates , or other matters.
SCH. 5
c . 44 1137
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Housing Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 44
An Act to extend the functions of the Housing Corpora-
tion and provide for the registration of, and the giving
of financial assistance to, certain housing associations ;
to make further provision in relation to clearance
areas and other areas in which living conditions are
unsatisfactory or otherwise in need of improvement ;
to provide for the making of grants towards the
improvement, repair and provision of housing accom-
modation and for the compulsory improvement of
such accommodation; to amend the law relating to
assistance for house purchase and improvement and
expenditure in connection with the provision and
improvement of housing accommodation and of
hostels ; to raise the rateable value limits under the
Leasehold Reform Act 1967 ; to amend the Housing
Finance Act 1972 ; to amend the law relating to the
rights and obligations of landlords and tenants and
the enforceability of certain covenants relating to the
development of land; and for purposes connected
therewith. [ 31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
THE HOUSING CORPORATION : EXTENDED FUNCTIONS
Continuation
1.- (1) There shall continue to be an authority called the ofHousing
Housing Corporation and the provisions of Schedule 1 to the Corporationwith
functions.
c . 44
1138 Housing Act 1974
PART I
Control by
Corporation
ofdispositions
of land by housing
associations.
1960 с. 58.
1964 Act (constitution, proceedings and other matters relating
to the Corporation) as amended by Schedule 1 to this Act shall
continue to apply in relation to the Corporation.
( 2) Without prejudice to any specific function conferred on
the Corporation by or under the following provisions of this
Act or any other enactment, the Corporation shall have the
following general functions, namely, -
( a) to promote and assist the development of registered
housing associations and of unregistered self - build
societies ;
(b) to facilitate the proper exercise and performance of the
functions , and to publicise the aims and principles, of
registered housing associations and unregistered self-
build societies ;
( c ) to establish and maintain a register of housing associa-
tions, to exercise supervision and control over regis-
tered housing associations and, to such extent as the
Secretary of State may require, to act as his agent
with respect to the consideration of applications for
and the payment of grants to registered housing
associations ; and
(d ) to undertake, to such extent as the Corporation consider
necessary, the provision ( by construction, acquisition ,
conversion, improvement or otherwise ) of dwellings
for letting or for sale and of hostels and the manage-
ment of dwellings or hostels provided by the
Corporation.
( 3) The Corporation shall exercise their general functions
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Part
of this Act and Parts II and III thereof.
2.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, -
(a) a registered housing association may not sell, lease,
mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of any land, and
( b) an unregistered housing association may not sell, lease,
mortgage, charge or otherwise dispose of any grant-
aided land, as defined in Schedule 2 to this Act,
except with the consent of the Corporation.
( 2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to a disposition by a
housing association which is a registered charity if-
( a) the disposition is one which, by virtue of subsection (1 )
or subsection (2) of section 29 of the Charities Act
1960 ( certain disposals not to take place without an
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1139
order of the court or of the Charity Commissioners),
PART I
cannot be made without such an order as is mentioned
in that section ; or
( b ) the disposition is of land which is not grant - aided land,
as defined in Schedule 2 to this Act, and is one for
which the sanction of an order under the said section
29 is not required by virtue of subsection (3) thereof
( certain dispositions excluded from the requirements
of that section).
(3) The Charity Commissioners shall consult the Corporation
before making any order under section 29 of the Charities 1960 c. 58.
Act 1960 permitting a disposition which, apart from subsec-
tion ( 2) above, would be a disposition requiring the consent of
the Corporation.
( 4 ) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to the grant of a lease
for a term ending within the period of 7 years and 3 months
beginning on the date of the grant unless-
( a ) there is conferred on the lessee (whether by the lease
or otherwise) an option for renewal for a term which,
together with the original term, would expire outside
that period ; or
( b) the lease is granted wholly or partly in consideration of
afine.
(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the expression
66
dispose " in subsection ( 1) above, in subsection ( 4 ) above
the expression " lease " includes an agreement for a lease and a
licence to occupy and the expressions " grant " and " term "
shall be construed accordingly.
(6) Any reference in this section to the consent of the Corpora-
tion is a reference to an order under the seal of the Corporation
giving their consent.
3. (1 ) The Corporation may acquire land, whether by way Acquisition of
of purchase, lease, exchange or gift-
land .( a) for the purpose of selling or leasing it to a registered
housing association or an unregistered self -build
society ; or
( b) for the purpose of their general functions under section
1(2 ) (d ) above.
( 2) For the purpose of the purchase of land in Scotland by
agreement by the Corporation, the Lands Clauses Acts ( except
so much thereof as relates to the acquisition of land otherwise
than by agreement, and the provisions relating to access to the
c . 44
1140 Housing Act 1974
PART I
1845 с. 19.
1845 с. 33 .
1923 с. 20.
1946 с. 49.
1947 с. 42.
1966 с. 49.
Provision of
dwellings or
hostels and
clearance,
management
and
development
ofland.
special Act, and except sections 120 to 125 of the Lands Clauses
Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845), and section 6 and sections
70 to 78 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation ( Scotland ) Act
1845 (as originally enacted and not as amended by section 15
of the Mines ( Working Facilities and Support ) Act 1923) are
hereby incorporated with this section, and, in construing those
Acts for the purposes of this section , this section shall be deemed
to be the special Act and the Corporation shall be deemed to
be the promoters of the undertaking or company, as the case
may require.
(3) The Corporation may be authorised by the Secretary of
State to purchase land compulsorily for any purpose for which
they could acquire it by agreement under subsection (1) above.
( 4) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act
1946 or, as the case may be, the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisa-
tion Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 shall apply in relation to
a compulsory purchase of land by the Corporation under sub-
section (3) above as if the Corporation were a local authority
and as if that subsection were contained in an Act in force
immediately before the commencement of that Act.
(5) In Scotland the Corporation ( without prejudice to their
own power to acquire land compulsorily) may request the
Scottish Special Housing Association to acquire land compul-
sorily on their behalf for any purpose for which the Corporation
may purchase land compulsorily as provided in section 175(2)
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966.
( 6 ) The powers of acquisition conferred by this section may
be exercised as respects any land notwithstanding that it is not
immediately required for selling or leasing as mentioned in sub-
section ( 1 ) (a) above or for the purpose of any of the Corрога-
tion's general functions under section 1(2)(d ) above.
4 .- (1) The Corporation may undertake the provision or
improvement of dwellings or hostels on any land belonging to
them.
(2 ) The Corporation may clear any land belonging to them
and carry out any other work on the land to prepare it as
a building site or estate, including the laying out and construc-
tion of streets or roads and open spaces and the provision of
sewerage facilities and supplies of electricity, gas and water.
( 3) The Corporation shall have power to repair, maintain
and insure any buildings or works for the time being on any
land belonging to them and generally to deal in the proper
course of management with any such land and any such build-
ings or works and to charge for the tenancy or occupation
thereof.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1141
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 3) above, the Corpora-
PART I
tion may carry out such operations on, and do any other such
things in relation to , land belonging to them as appear to them
to be conducive to facilitating the provision or improvement of
dwellings or hostels on the land, whether by the Corporation
themselves, by a registered housing association or by an un-
registered self- build society.
(5 ) In the exercise of their powers under subsection (4 ) above,
the Corporation may carry out any development ancillary to or
in connection with the provision of dwellings or hostels, includ-
ing development which makes provision for any building or land
intended for use for commercial, recreational or other non-
domestic purposes.
5.- ( 1 ) The Corporation may not dispose of any land except Disposal of
in accordance with the provisions of this section.
land .
( 2 ) The Corporation may dispose of any land in respect of
which they have not exercised their powers under subsection ( 1 )
of section 4 above and on which they have not carried out any
such development as is mentioned in subsection (5 ) of that
section to
( a) a registered housing association ; or
( b) an unregistered self - build society ; or
(c) a subsidiary of the Corporation ; or
( d ) any other body in which the Corporation hold an
interest.
(3) The Corporation may dispose of any land on which
dwellings or hostels have been provided or improved in exercise
of their powers under section 4 above to-
( a) a registered housing association, or
( b) the council of a county, district or London borough,
the Greater London Council or the Common Council
of the City of London, or
( c ) a housing authority as defined in section 78(1) of the
Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland) Act 1972, or 1972 с. 46.
( d ) the Commission for the New Towns or a development
corporation within the meaning of the New Towns 1965 с. 59.
Act 1965, or
( e ) a subsidiary of the Corporation,
and may sell or lease individual dwellings to persons for their
ownoccupation.
( 4) The Corporation may dispose of any building or land
intended for use for commercial, recreational or other non-
domestic purposes in respect of which development has been
1142 Housing Act 1974
с . 44
PART I
carried out by virtue of section 4( 5 ) above ; but no such building
or land may be disposed of for less than the best consideration
it commands except with the consent in writing of the Secretary
of State.
( 5) The Corporation may dispose of any land which is not
required for the purposes for which it was acquired but, subject
to subsection (6) below, if the land-
( a) was acquired compulsorily by, or on behalf of , the
Corporation or by a local authority who transferred
the land to the Corporation, or
( b ) is not disposed of for the best consideration it com-
mands,
the Corporation shall not dispose of the land except with the
consent in writing of the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) The consent of the Secretary of State shall not be required
under subsection (5) above to the disposal of land for less than
the best consideration it commands if the land is to be used as,
or in connection with, a highway or a street not being a highway.
( 7) For the purposes of subsection (5) above " local autho-
rity ", in relation to England and Wales, means-
( a) the council of a district or, in the case of an acquisition
before 1st April 1974, the council of a county borough
or county district ; and
( b) the council of a London borough or the Common Coun-
cil of the City of London.
Acquisition of
6.- (1) The Corporation may with the consent of the Secretary
securities and of State subscribe for or acquire any securities of a body cor-
control of
subsidiaries.
porate and promote or participate in the promotion of any such
body .
( 2) The Corporation shall exercise their control over any sub-
sidiary of theirs so as to secure that the subsidiary does not-
( a ) engage in any activity which the Corporation are not
empowered to carry on ;
( b) engage in any activity in a manner in which the Cor-
poration themselves could not engage, by reason of any
direction given to the Corporation under section 1 (2) of
the 1964 Act ;
(c) except with the consent of the Secretary of State, borrow
money from any person other than the Corporation ;
or
(d ) except with the consent of the Secretary of State, raise
money by the issue of shares or stock to any person
other than the Corporation.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1143
( 3) In this section " securities " means shares, stock, deben-
PART I
tures, debenture stock and any securities of a like nature.
7.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 9) below, the borrowing powers Borrowing
of the Corporation shall be those, and only those, conferred by powers.
subsections (2) to (4) below ; and the powers conferred by those
subsections are subject to subsection (5) below.
( 2 ) The Corporation may borrow from the Secretary of State,
and the Secretary of State may lend to the Corporation, by way
of temporary loan or otherwise, such sums in sterling as the
Corporation may require.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, the Corpora-
tion may, with the consent of the Secretary of State or in accord-
ance with a general authorisation given by him, borrow tem-
porarily by overdraft or otherwise such sums in sterling as the
Corporation may require.
( 4 ) The Corporation may, with the consent of the Secretary of
State, borrow on such terms as the Secretary of State may from
time to time specify, -
( a) from such persons as he may so specify, sums in a
currency other than sterling ; and
( b) from the European Investment Bank or the Commission
of the European Communities, sums in any currency.
( 5) The aggregate amount outstanding by way of the principal
of-
( a ) advances made to the Corporation under section 9 of
the 1964 Act before the day appointed for the coming
into operation of this Part of this Act,
(b) advances made to housing associations, before the day
appointed for the coming into force of section 34 of
this Act, under section 7 of the Housing Act 1961, 1961 с. 65.
section 11 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1962 and 1962 c. 28.
section 23 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scot- 1968 c. 31 .
land) Act 1968 ( being advances in respect of which the
functions of the Secretary of State are by the said
section 34 transferred to the Corporation),
( c) any money borrowed by the Corporation under this
section, and
( d ) any money borrowed by a subsidiary of the Corporation,
otherwise than from the Corporation,
shall not exceed £400 million or such greater sum not exceeding
£750 million as the Secretary of State may by order specify,
and no such order shall be made unless a draft of it has been
laid before and approved by the Commons House of Parliament.
c . 44
1144 Housing Act 1974
PART I
Treasury
guarantees.
Lending
powers.
( 6) Any loan made by the Secretary of State in pursuance
of this section shall be repaid to him at such times and by such
methods, and interest on the loan shall be paid to him at such
rates and at such times, as he may from time to time determine.
( 7 ) References in the preceding provisions of this section to
the Secretary of State are references to him acting with the
approval of the Treasury.
( 8) The Treasury may issue out of the National Loans Fund
to the Secretary of State such sums as are necessary to enable
him to make loans in pursuance of subsection (2) above and any
sums received by the Secretary of State in pursuance of sub-
section (6) above shall be paid into that Fund.
(9) References in this section to borrowing do not include any
borrowing from a subsidiary of the Corporation.
8.- ( 1 ) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on
such conditions as they think fit , the repayment of the principal
of and the payment of interest on any sums which the Corpora-
tion borrow from a person other than the Secretary of State.
( 2) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section
the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each
House of Parliament ; and where any sum is issued for fulfilling
the guarantee so given the Treasury shall, as soon as possible
after the end of each financial year (beginning with that in which
the sum is issued and ending with that in which all liability in
respect of the principal of the sum and in respect of interest
thereon is finally discharged ), lay before each House of Parlia-
ment a statement relating to that sum.
( 3) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling a guarantee
under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the
Consolidated Fund.
( 4) If any sums are issued in fulfilment of a guarantee given
under this section, the Corporation shall make to the Treasury,
at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may from time
to time direct, payments of such amounts as the Treasury so
direct in or towards repayment of the sums so issued and
payments of interest, at such rate as the Treasury so direct, on
what is outstanding for the time being in respect of sums so
issued.
( 5 ) Any sums received by the Treasury in pursuance of sub-
section (4) above shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
9. ( 1 ) The Corporation may, by way of temporary loan or
otherwise, lend to-
Housing Act 1974 c . 44 1145
(a) a registered housing association,
( b) an unregistered self- build society,
( c) a subsidiary of the Corporation, and
( d ) any other body in which the Corporation hold an
interest,
for the purpose of enabling any of those bodies to meet the
whole or any part of any expenditure incurred or to be incurred
by it in carrying out its objects .
( 2 ) The Corporation may, by way of temporary loan or
otherwise, lend to an individual for the purpose of assisting him
to acquire from the Corporation or from any of the bodies
specified in paragraphs ( a ) to (d ) of subsection ( 1) above a legal
estate or interest in a dwelling which he intends to occupy.
( 3) Any directions given to the Corporation under section 1 ( 2)
of the 1964 Act with respect to the terms of any loan made
under subsection ( 1) or subsection ( 2) above shall require the
consent of the Treasury and, subject to any such directions and
to subsection ( 4) below, the terms on which any such loan is
made shall be such as the Corporation may determine, either
generally or in any particular case.
( 4 ) The terms of any loan made under subsection (1) above
may, and the terms of any loan made under subsection (2) above
may not, include terms for preventing repayment of the loan or
any part of it before a specified date without the consent of
the Corporation.
( 5) In any case where-
( a) the Corporation make a loan to an unregistered self-
build society under subsection ( 1)( b) above, and
( b) under a mortgage or heritable security entered into by
the society to secure the loan the Corporation have an
interest as mortgagee or, as the case may be, as creditor
in any land belonging to the society,
the Corporation may, with the written consent of the Secretary
of State, give to the society directions with respect to the dis-
posal of that land, and it shall be the duty of the society to
comply with the directions so long as the Corporation continue
to have such an interest in that land ; and any directions given
under this subsection with such consent may be varied or revoked
by subsequent directions given thereunder with the like consent.
( 6 ) Where the Corporation propose, under subsection (5)
above, to give directions to an unregistered self - build society
requiring it to transfer its interest in any land to the Corporation
or any other person, the Secretary of State shall not consent to
the giving of the directions unless he is satisfied that arrange-
PART I
c . 44
1146 Housing Act 1974
PART I
ments have been made which, if the directions are given, will
secure that the members of the society receive fair treatment in
connection with the transfer .
Miscellaneous
financial
provisions.
10.-( 1 ) With the consent of the Secretary of State, given with
the approval of the Treasury, the Corporation may guarantee
the repayment of the principal of and the payment of interest
on any sums borrowed (otherwise than from the Corporation) -
( a) by registered housing associations,
( b) by unregistered self - build societies, and
( c) by other bodies in which the Corporation hold an
interest,
and in any case where the Corporation give a guarantee under
this subsection they may impose such terms and conditions as
they think fit .
( 2) The aggregate amount outstanding in respect of-
( a ) loans for which the Corporation have given a guarantee
under subsection ( 1) above, and
( b) any payments which have been made by the Corporation
in meeting any obligation arising by virtue of such a
guarantee and have not been repaid to the Corporation,
shall not exceed £100 million.
( 3) The Corporation may turn their resources to account so
far as they are not required for the exercise of the Corporation's
functions .
( 4) Any excess of the revenues of the Corporation for any
accounting year over the total sums properly chargeable to
revenue account for that year shall be applied by the Corpora-
tion in such manner as the Secretary of State may, after con-
sultation with the Corporation and with the approval of the
Treasury, direct ; and such a direction may require the whole or
part of the excess to be paid to the Secretary of State.
( 5) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury, give to the Corporation directions as to any matter
relating to the establishment or management of reserves or the
carrying of sums to the credit of any reserves or the application
of any reserves for the purposes of the Corporation's functions.
(6) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury and after consultation with the Corporation, direct the
Corporation to pay to the Secretary of State the whole or part
of any sums for the time being standing to the credit of any
reserves of the Corporation or being of a capital nature and
not required for the exercise of the Corporation's functions.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1147
11. After section 342 of the Income and Corporation Taxes
PART I
Act 1970 there shall be inserted the following section: -
Exclusion of
"Disposals byHousing Corporation and certain
342A.-( 1) In any case where-
certain
disposals of
( a) the Housing Corporation dispose of any land from
land to a registered housing association, or tax on
housing
associations.
( b) a registered housing association disposes of chargeable
gains.
any land to another registered housing 1970 c . 10.
association, or
( c) in pursuance of a direction of the Housing
Corporation given under Part II of the
Housing Act 1974 requiring it to do so,
a registered housing association disposes
of any of its property, other than land,
to another registered housing association,
or
(d ) a registered housing association or an
unregistered self - build society disposes of
any land to the Housing Corporation,
both parties to the disposal shall be treated for the
purposes of corporation tax in respect of chargeable
gains or, as the case may require, capital gains tax
as if the land or property disposed of were acquired
from the Housing Corporation, registered housing
association or unregistered self - build society making
the disposal for a consideration of such an amount
as would secure that on the disposal neither a gain
nor a loss accrued to the Corporation or, as the case
may be, that association or society.
( 2) In this section ' registered housing association '
and ' unregistered self - build society ' have the same
meanings as in Part I of the Housing Act 1974 " .
12. In this Part of this Act-
Interpretation
ofPart I.
" heritable security ود
means a heritable security within the
meaning of section 9(8)(a) of the Conveyancing and 1970 c. 35.
Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 ;
" highway " , in relation to Scotland, includes a public right
of way ;
" land " includes any estate or interest in or right over
land ;
" self -build society " means a housing association whose
object is to provide, for sale to, or occupation by, its
members, dwellings built or improved principally with
the use of its members' own labour and " unregistered
self-build society ودmeans a self- build society which is
not a registered housing association ;
c . 44
1148 Housing Act 1974
PART I
1948 с. 38.
1964 с. 56.
66 subsidiary " has the same meaning as in the Companies
Act 1948 ; and
" the 1964 Act " means the Housing Act 1964.
The register
ofhousing
associations.
1965 с. 12.
PART II
REGISTRATION OF HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
13.-( 1 ) There shall be a register of housing associations
which shall be established and maintained by the Corporation
and in which the Corporation may register any housing
association which-
(a) is a registered charity and not an exempt charity ; or
(b) is a society registered under the Industrial and
Provident Societies Act 1965 ( in this Part of this Act
referred to as " the 1965 Act ") and fulfils the
conditions in subsection (2) below.
( 2) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1)(b) above are
that the housing association does not trade for profit and is
established for the purpose of, or has among its objects or
powers those of, providing, constructing, improving or
managing-
(a) houses to be kept available for letting, or
( b) where the rules of the association restrict membership
of the association to persons entitled or prospectively
entitled (whether as tenants or otherwise ) to occupy a
house provided or managed by the association, houses
for occupation by members of the association, or
( c ) hostels,
and that, if the association has any additional purposes or
objects, it has none which are not mentioned in subsection (3)
below.
( 3) The additional purposes or objects referred to in sub-
section (2) above are those-
(a) of providing land or buildings for purposes connected
with the requirements of the persons occupying the
houses or hostels provided or managed by the
association ;
( b) of providing amenities or services for the benefit of
those persons, either exclusively or together with other
persons ;
(c) of encouraging and giving advice on the formation of
other housing associations which would be eligible for
registration by the Corporation ; and
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1149
( d ) of providing services for, and giving advice on the
PART II
running of, registered housing associations.
( 4 ) The Corporation shall, after consultation with the com-
mittee established under section 14 below, establish criteria
which should be satisfied by a housing association seeking
registration, and may from time to time, after such consultation,
vary those criteria.
( 5) In deciding whether to register a housing association, the
Corporation shall have regard-
( a ) to any advice given to them by the committee estab-
lished under section 14 below, and
( b ) to the question whether the association satisfies the
criteria established in accordance with subsection ( 4 )
above.
( 6 ) For all purposes other than rectification of the register, a
body shall be conclusively presumed to be a housing association
falling within subsection (1) above at any time when it is or
was on the register of housing associations.
( 7 ) The register of housing associations shall be open to
inspection at the head office of the Corporation at all reasonable
times .
14.- (1 ) There shall be a committee which shall be called the The Housing
Housing Associations Registration Advisory Committee and Associations
shall have the function of advising the Corporation-
Registration
Advisory
( a) generally on the exercise of the Corporation's powers
Committee.with respect to the registration of housing associations ;
and
( b) when consulted in accordance with subsection (4 ) of
section 13 above, on the establishment and variation
of the criteria referred to in that subsection ; and
( c ) on the question whether any particular housing associa-
tion whose application for registration is referred to
the Committee by the Corporation should be registered.
( 2) The Committee shall consist of a chairman appointed
by the Secretary of State and such number of other members
so appointed as the Secretary of State may from time to time
determine ; and every member shall hold and vacate office in
accordance with the terms of his appointment.
( 3) The Committee shall consist of persons whom the Secre-
tary of State considers to be qualified to advise the Corporation
on the matters referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above.
c . 44
1150 Housing Act 1974
PART II Removal of
bodies from
the register.
( 4) The Secretary of State may, out of money provided by
Parliament, pay to all or any of the members of the Committee
such salaries or other remuneration as he may with the consent
of the Minister for the Civil Service determine.
(5) The Corporation may pay , -
( a) to all or any of the members of the Committee, such
travelling and other expenses, and
( b) to persons attending their meetings at the request of
the Committee, such travelling and other allowances
( including compensation for loss of remunerative
time ) ,
as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Minister
for the Civil Service determine.
15.-( 1 ) Where a body has been registered in the register of
housing associations, that body shall not be removed from the
register except by the Corporation in accordance with the
provisions of this section.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Corporation that any body which is
registered-
( a) is no longer a housing association falling within para-
graph (a) or paragraph (b) of section 13(1) above, or
( b) has ceased to exist or does not operate,
the Corporation shall, on giving not less than 14 days' notice to
that body, remove it from the register ; and in a case where
paragraph (b) above applies, any such notice shall be deemed
to be given to a body if it is served at the address last known
to the Corporation to be the principal place of business of that
body.
(3) A body which is aggrieved by a decision of the Corpora-
tion to remove it from the register of housing associations may
appeal against the decision to the High Court or, as the case may
be, the Court of Session.
( 4 ) If an appeal is brought under subsection (3) above and
is not withdrawn the Corporation shall not remove the body
concerned from the register of housing associations until the
appeal has been finally determined.
(5) No sum shall be paid in respect of a grant under section
29, section 32 or section 33 of this Act to a body which has
been removed under this section from the register of housing
associations.
( 6 ) Where, at the time of its removal under this section from
the register of housing associations, a body owns any land,
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1151
section 2 of this Act shall continue to apply to that land after the removal as if the body concerned continued to be a registered
housing association.
PART II
16.- (1) As soon as may be after registering a housing Notifications
association or removing a body from the register the Corpora- to and by
tion shall give notice of the registration or removal-
other bodies.
( a) if the association or body is a registered charity and
not an exempt charity, to the Charity Commissioners ;
and
( b) if the association or body is a society registered under
the 1965 Act, to the appropriate registrar.
(2) Where notice is given to the Charity Commissioners or
to the appropriate registrar as mentioned in subsection ( 1)
above, the Commissioners or the registrar, as the case may be,
shall record the registration or removal from the register by
the Corporation.
(3) As soon as may be after an appeal is brought under section
15( 3) above, the Corporation shall give notice of the appeal, -
( a) if the body appealing is a registered charity and not an
exempt charity, to the Charity Commissioners ; and
( b) if the body appealing is a society registered under the
1965 Act, to the appropriate registrar.
17.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) below, on and after
Certain loans
1st April 1975 or such later date as the Secretary of State may
and grants
by order specify for the purposes of this subsection-
limited to
registered
( a) no such loan as is specified in sub- paragraphs (b) and ( c) housing
associations.
of paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall be
made to a housing association unless, at the time the
loan is made , the association is a registered housing
association ; and
( b) the powers of a local authority, including a county
council, under paragraphs (a) and ( c ) of subsection ( 3)
of section 119 of the Housing Act 1957 or under 1957 с. 56.
paragraphs (a) and (c ) of subsection (2) of section 152
of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 (to make grants 1966 с. 49.
and loans to, and to guarantee payments in respect of
money borrowed by, housing associations) shall not be
exercisable unless, at the time the grant or loan is
made or, as the case may be, the guarantee is given,
the housing association is a registered housing
association.
c .44
1152 Housing Act 1974
PART II
1965 с. 25.
1972 с. 47.
1957 с. 56.
1966 с. 49.
1972 с. 46.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, the power of the Secretary
of State to make grants under section 93 of the Finance Act
1965 (grants to housing associations for affording relief from
tax) shall not be exercisable on a claim made by a housing
association under that section in respect of a period beginning
on or after 6th April 1975 or such later date as the Secretary
of State may by order specify for the purposes of this subsection
unless, throughout that period, the housing association is a
registered housing association.
( 3) Subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above shall not apply in relation to
a housing association if-
( a ) it is for the time being specified in an order made by .
the Secretary of State under section 80 of the Housing
Finance Act 1972 ( power to apply to certain housing
associations provisions of that Act relating to local
authorities) ; or
( b) before the operative date, the association has made an
application for registration to the Corporation and the
application has not yet been disposed of by the
Corporation.
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1)(b) above shall prevent a local
authority, including a county council, from making loans under
section 119(3) (a) of the Housing Act 1957 or section 152(2) (a)
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 to an unregistered housing
association for the assistance of the association-
(a) in connection with any works required to be carried out
in pursuance of, or the acquisition of any estate or
interest in a dwelling or other building for the purposes
of, any arrangements under section 121 of the said Act
of 1957 or under section 155 of the said Act of 1966
which, before the operative date, have been approved
by the Secretary of State ; or
(b) in connection with the provision of dwellings which are
relevant dwellings, within the meaning of section 73 of
the Housing Finance Act 1972 ( dwellings taken into
account for the purposes of special residual subsidy) ;
or
( c ) in connection with the provision of works which are
relevant works, approved for subsidy, within the mean-
ing of section 53 of the Housing (Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 (works taken into account for the
purposes of special residual subsidy) ; or
( d ) inconnection with a building scheme, within the meaning
of section 75 of the Housing Finance Act 1972, which,
before the operative date, has been approved by the
Secretary of State for the purposes of that section ; or
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1153
( e ) in connection with a building scheme or improvement
PART II
scheme, within the meaning of sections 55 and 57 of
the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972, 1972 с. 46.
which before the operative date has been approved by
the Secretary of State for the purposes of those sections .
18.-(1) On and after the operative date, the reference in sub- Special rules
section (5) of section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 or in subsection applicable
to tenancies
( 4 ) of section 5 of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 to a housing of registered
association shall be construed as not extending to an unregistered and certain
housing association unless other housing associations.
( a ) the association is for the time being specified in an
order made by the Secretary of State under section 80 1968 с. 23.
of the Housing Finance Act 1972 ; or 1971 с. 28.
( b) the association is a society registered under the 1965 1972 с. 47.
Act and its rules restrict membership to persons who
are tenants or prospective tenants of the association
and preclude the granting or assignment of tenancies
to persons other than members ; or
( c) the association has made an application for registration
to the Corporation before the operative date and the
application has not been disposed of by the Corporation .
( 2) If at any time, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, a tenancy
ceases to be one to which Part VIII of the Housing Finance
Act 1972 applies, or sections 60 to 66 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 apply, and becomes a protected
tenancy for the purposes of the Rent Act 1968, or of the Rent
( Scotland ) Act 1971, that tenancy shall be a regulated tenancy
and the housing association which is the landlord under that
tenancy shall give notice in writing to the tenant, in such form
as may be prescribed, informing him that his tenancy is no
longer excluded from protection under the Rent Act 1968 or
the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 .
( 3) If, without reasonable excuse, a housing association fails
to give notice to a tenant under subsection (2) above within the
period of 21 days beginning on the day on which his tenancy
becomes a protected tenancy, the association shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.
( 4 ) Where an offence under subsection (3) above committed
by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the
consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect
on the part of, any director, manager or secretary or other
similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body
corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to
be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
Part II G
c . 44
1154 Housing Act 1974
PART II
Inquiries into affairs of
registered
1965 Act
associations.
1968 с. 55.
( 5 ) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by order
made by the Secretary of State.
(6) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have
effect for supplementing this section, and Part I of that Schedule
shall come into force on the passing of this Act.
19.-( 1 ) The Corporation may appoint a person ( who may or
may not be a member of the Corporation's staff ) to conduct an
inquiry into the affairs of any registered 1965 Act association.
( 2) For the purposes of an inquiry under subsection ( 1) above,
the person appointed to conduct the inquiry may, by notice in
writing served on the association concerned or on any person
who is or has been an officer or member of the association,
require the association or that person to produce to the person
appointed to conduct the inquiry such books, accounts and
other documents relating to the association's business, and to
furnish to him such other information relating to that business ,
as he considers necessary for the purposes of the inquiry.
(3) Any association or other person who without reasonable
excuse fails to comply with the requirements of a notice under
subsection (2) above shall be liable on summary conviction to
a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 4 ) For the purposes of an inquiry under subsection (1) above
the Corporation may require the accounts and balance sheet of
the association concerned, or such of them as the Corporation
may specify, to be audited by an auditor appointed by the Cor-
poration being a person who, -
( a ) under section 7(1) of the Friendly and Industrial and
Provident Societies Act 1968, is a qualified auditor
for the purposes of that Act, or
(b) under section 7( 2) of that Act, is a qualified auditor
in relation to the particular association whose accounts
are required to be audited under this subsection.
(5 ) Any person appointed to conduct an inquiry under sub-
section ( 1) above and any person appointed to make an audit
under subsection ( 4) above shall, on completion of the inquiry
or, as the case may be, the audit, make a report to the Corpora-
tion on such matters and in such form as the Corporation may
specify.
( 6) The expenses of an audit under subsection (4) above,
including the remuneration of the auditor, shall be paid by the
Corporation.
( 7 ) An audit under subsection (4) above shall be additional
to, and shall not affect, any audit made or to be made under any
other enactment.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1155
20.-( 1 ) Where the Corporation are satisfied, as the result of PART II
an inquiry or an audit under section 19 above, that there has Corporation's
been in the administration of a registered 1965 Act association power to
any misconduct or mismanagement , the Corporation may do all act for
or any of the following, namely, - protection of
registered
( a ) by order remove any member of the committee of the 1965Act
association, or any officer, agent or servant of the associations.
association, who has been responsible for or privy to
the misconduct or mismanagement or has by his con-
duct contributed to it or facilitated it ;
(b) order any bank or other person who holds money or
securities on behalf of the association not to part with
the money or securities without the approval of the
Corporation ;
(c) by order restrict the transactions which may be entered
into, or the nature or amount of the payments which
may be made, in the administration of the association
without the approval of the Corporation.
( 2 ) The Corporation may also by order remove a member of
the committee of a registered 1965 Act association where that
member-
( a) is a bankrupt or, in Scotland, is insolvent within the
meaning of paragraph 9( 2) of Schedule 3 to the Con- 1970 c. 35.
veyancing and Feudal Reform ( Scotland) Act 1970 or
is incapable of acting by reason of mental disorder
within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1959 or 1959 c. 72.
the Mental Health ( Scotland) Act 1960 ;
1960 с. 61 .
( b) has not acted ; or
(c ) cannot be found or does not act and his absence or
failure to act impedes the committee's proper manage-
ment of the association's affairs .
( 3) The Corporation may by order appoint a person to be a
member of the committee of a registered 1965 Act association
( whether or not he is a member of the association and, if he is
not, notwithstanding that the rules of the association restrict
membership of the committee to members of the association) -
( a ) in place of a member of the committee removed by
them under this section or otherwise ;
(b) where there are no members of the committee ; or
( c ) where the Corporation are of opinion that it is neces-
sary for the proper management of the association's
affairs to have an additional member of its committee.
( 4) A person appointed to be a member of the committee
of a registered 1965 Act association under subsection (3) above
shall hold office for such period and on such terms as the
G2
c . 44
1156 Housing Act 1974
PART II
Corporation's
power to
require
transfer
ofland of
registered
1965 Act
associations .
Corporation may specify and, on the expiry of any such period,
the Corporation may renew the appointment for such period as
they may specify ; but nothing in this subsection shall prevent
any such person from retiring from the appointment in accord-
ance with the rules of the association.
( 5 ) Any member of the committee of a registered 1965 Act
association or any officer, agent or servant of the association
who is ordered by the Corporation to be removed under sub-
section ( 1) (a) or subsection (2) above may appeal against the
order to the High Court or, as the case may be, the Court of
Session.
( 6) Before making an order under subsection ( 1) (a) or sub-
section (2) above the Corporation shall give not less than 14
days' notice of their intention to do so-
( a ) to the person whom they intend to remove, and
( b) to the registered 1965 Act association concerned,
and any such notice may be given by post and, if so given to the
person whom the Corporation intend to remove, may be ad-
dressed to the recipient's last known address in the United King-
dom.
( 7) If any person contravenes an order under subsection ( 1 ) (b)
above, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £400, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3
months, or to both ; but no proceedings for an offence punishable
under this subsection shall be instituted in England and Wales
except by or with the consent of the Corporation.
21 .-( 1) Where the Corporation are satisfied, as the result
of an inquiry or an audit under section 19 above, that-
(a ) there has been in the administration of a registered 1965
Act association any misconduct or mismanagement, or
( b) the management of the land belonging to any such
association would be improved if the land were to be
transferred in accordance with the provisions of this
section,
the Corporation may, with the consent of the Secretary of State,
direct the association to transfer the land belonging to it to
another body in accordance with subsection (2 ) below.
( 2) A direction under subsection (1) above may require the
association concerned to transfer the land belonging to it,
(a) in a case where that association is a charity, to another
registered housing association which is a charity and
the objects of which appear to the Corporation to be,
as nearly as practicable, akin to those of the association
directed to make the transfer ; and
с . 44
Housing Act 1974 1157
( b) in any other case, to the Corporation or to another PART II
registered housing association.
(3) A transfer in pursuance of a direction under subsection
(1) above shall be made on the terms that the Corporation or,
as the case may be, the association to which the land is trans-
ferred will pay or undertake to pay to the association making
' the transfer such sum, if any, as will be necessary to defray all
its proper debts and liabilities (including any debts and liabilities
secured on the land to be transferred) after taking into account
any money or other assets belonging to the association.
( 4) If it appears to the Corporation to be likely that, as a
result of a transfer in pursuance of a direction under subsection
( 1) above, the association making the transfer will be dissolved
as mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph ( b) of section 55
of the 1965 Act, the Corporation shall secure that the costs of
such a dissolution are taken into account in determining the
sum payable to the association under subsection (3) above.
22.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to the power of any person under Corporation's
any other enactment to petition for the winding up of a registered power to
housing association which is a company incorporated under the petition for
winding up
Companies Act 1948, the Corporation may present a petition ofcertain
for the winding up under that Act of any such registered housing registered
association on the ground that the association is failing properly housing
to carry out its purposes or objects.
associations.
1948 с. 38.
( 2 ) Subject to section 55( a) of the 1965 Act, subsection ( 1)
above shall also apply in relation to a registered housing
association which is not such a company as is mentioned in
that subsection but which is a registered 1965 Act association.
23. ( 1) If a registered 1965 Act association is dissolved Transfer of
as mentioned in paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b) of section 55 net assets on
dissolution
of the 1965 Act then, notwithstanding anything in that Act of registered
or in the rules of the association, there shall be transferred to the 1965Act
Corporation, or, if the Corporation so directs, to such registered associations.
housing association as may be specified in the direction, so much
of the property of the association as remains after meeting the
claims of its creditors and any other liabilities arising on or
before the dissolution.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Corporation to be appropriate to do
so in order to avoid the necessity for the sale of any land
belonging to a registered 1965 Act association which is being
dissolved as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above and thereby
secure the transfer of the land under that subsection, the Cor-
poration may make payments to discharge any such claims or
liabilities as are referred to in that subsection.
( 3).The Corporation may not dispose of any property
transferred to them by virtue of subsection ( 1) above otherwise
G3
1158 Housing Act 1974
c.44
PART II Restrictions
on exercise
ofcertain
powers by
registered
1965 Act
associations.
1948 с. 38.
than to a registered housing association or a subsidiary of
the Corporation, and in any case where the property so
transferred to the Corporation includes land subject to an
existing mortgage or charge, whether in favour of the
Corporation or otherwise, the Corporation may, in exercise of
their powers under Part I of this Act, dispose of the land subject
to that mortgage or charge or subject to a new mortgage or
charge in favour of the Corporation, and the amount secured by
any such new mortgage or charge shall be such as appears to the
Corporation to be appropriate in the circumstances .
( 4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) above, where
property is transferred to the Corporation by virtue of subsection
(1) above on the dissolution of a registered 1965 Act association
which is a charity, the Corporation may not dispose of that
property except to another registered housing association which
is a charity and the objects of which appear to the Corporation
to be, as nearly as practicable, akin to those of the association
which was dissolved.
24.-(1 ) The provisions of this section apply in relation to a
registered 1965 Act association, the registration of which by the
Corporation has been recorded by the appropriate registrar
under section 16( 2) above, and references in the following pro-
visions of this section to a registered 1965 Act association shall
be construed accordingly.
( 2) The appropriate registrar shall not register a special
resolution, as defined in section 50(2) of the 1965 Act, which
is passed by a registered 1965 Act association for the purposes
of section 50 or section 51 of that Act ( amalgamation of
societies and transfer of engagements between societies) unless ,
together with the copy of the special resolution sent to him as
mentioned in section 50( 4) of that Act, there is sent a copy of
the Corporation's consent to the amalgamation or transfer
concerned.
( 3) Section 52 of the 1965 Act (power of registered society
to convert itself into, to amalgamate with, or to transfer its
engagements to, a company registered under the Companies
Acts) shall not apply to a registered 1965 Act association.
( 4) If , in pursuance of section 55(a) of the 1965 Act, a
registered 1965 Act association resolves by special resolution,
as defined in section 141 of the Companies Act 1948, that it
be wound up voluntarily, the resolution shall not have effect for
the purposes of that Act as a resolution for voluntary winding
up unless-
( a) before the passing of the resolution the Corporation
have given their consent to the passing of the
resolution, and
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1159
( b) together with the copy of the resolution required to be PART II
forwarded to the appropriate registrar under section
143 of the Companies Act 1948 ( as that section has 1948 с. 38.
effect by virtue of the said section 55( a)) there is
forwarded a copy of the Corporation's consent.
( 5 ) If, in pursuance of section 55( b) of the 1965 Act, a
registered 1965 Act association is to be dissolved by an instru-
ment of dissolution, the appropriate registrar shall neither
register that instrument, as required by subsection ( 5 ) of section
58 of that Act, nor cause notice of the dissolution to be
advertised as mentioned in subsection (6 ) of that section unless,
together with the instrument of dissolution required to be sent
to him under subsection (4) of that section, there is sent a copy
of the Corporation's consent to the making of that instrument.
( 6) Any reference in the preceding provisions of this section
to the Corporation's consent is a reference to an order under
the seal of the Corporation giving their consent.
25. ( 1) If, in the case of a registered charity which is a Change of
registered housing association, - objects of
certain
( a ) the charity is neither a company incorporated under the charities to
Companies Act 1948 nor an exempt charity, and
require
( b) its registration by the Corporation has been recorded consent.
by the Charity Commissioners under section 16(2)
above,
no power contained in the trusts of the charity and permitting
any variation of or addition to the objects of the charity may be
exercised without the consent of the Charity Commissioners.
(2 ) Before giving any consent under subsection ( 1) above,
the Charity Commissioners shall consult the Corporation.
( 3) In subsection ( 1) above " trusts " has the same meaning
as in the Charities Act 1960. 1960 с. 58.
26.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, a registered housing Payments by
association shall not make a gift or pay any sum by way of registered
dividend or bonus- housing
associations
(a) to any person who is or has been a member of the to members,
association ; or
etc.
( b) to any person who is a member of the family of any
such person as is referred to in paragraph (a) above ;
or
(c ) to any company of which a person falling within para-
graph (a) or paragraph (b) above is a director or any
Scottish firm of which such a person is a member.
G4
c . 44
1160 Housing Act 1974
PART II Disclosure of
interest by
members of
committees of registered
1965 Act
associations.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to-
( a) any sum paid , in accordance with the rules of the
association concerned, as interest on capital lent to the
association or subscribed by way of shares in the
association ; or
( b) any sum which-
( i) is paid by an association whose rules restrict
membership to persons who are tenants or prospec-
tive tenants of the association and preclude the
granting or assignment of tenancies to persons other
than members ; and
( ii ) is paid to a person who has ceased to be a
member of the association ; and
(iii) is due to that person under the terms of the
agreement under which he became a member of the
association.
( 3) The Corporation may from time to time specify themaxi-
mum amounts which may be paid by a registered housing
association, other than a registered charity which is not an
exempt charity, by way of fees or other remuneration or by way
of expenses to a person who is a member of the association,
and different amounts may be so specified for different purposes.
(4 ) Where a sum which exceeds any maximum amount for the
time being specified under subsection ( 3) above is paid to a
person who is a member of the association by a registered hous-
ing association to which that subsection applies, the amount by
which that sum exceeds that maximum amount shall be
recoverable by the association.
( 5) The Corporation may from time to time specify the condi-
tions subject to which a member of the committee of a
registered 1965 Act association may enter into a contract with
the association for the provision by that member, directly or
indirectly, of goods or services to the association in return for
payment ; and any such conditions may be so specified as to
apply to particular associations , contracts or sums payable
thereunder, or as to apply generally.
( 6 ) Any sum paid to a person under a contract in contraven-
tion of any condition specified under subsection (5 ) above shall
be recoverable by the association making the payment.
27.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall be
the duty of a member of the committee of a registered 1965 Act
association who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly,
interested in a contract or proposed contract with the association
to declare the nature of his interest to the committee in accord-
ance with this section.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1161
( 2 ) In the case of a proposed contract, the declaration
PART II
required by this section to be made by a member of a com-
mittee shall be made at the meeting of the committee at which
the question of entering into the contract is first taken into
consideration, or, if the member was not at the date of that
meeting interested in the proposed contract, at the next meeting
of the committee held after he becomes interested in the
proposed contract.
(3) Where a member of a committee becomes interested in
a contract with the association after it is made, the declaration
required by this section shall be made at the first meeting of
the committee held after he becomes interested in the contract.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section, a general notice given
at a meeting of the committee of an association by a member
of the committee to the effect that he is a member of a specified
company or firm, and is to be regarded as interested in any
contract which may, after the date of the notice, be made with
that company or firm, is a sufficient declaration of interest
in relation to any contract made after that date with that
company or firm .
( 5 ) A member of a committee need not make a declaration
or give a notice under this section by attending in person
at a meeting of the committee if he takes reasonable steps to
secure that the declaration or notice is brought up and read
at the meeting.
(6 ) A member of a committee who fails to comply with the
provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £200.
( 7 ) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the
operation of any rule of law restricting members of the
committee of a registered 1965 Act association from having any
interest in contracts with the association.
28. Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, in this Interpretation
Part of this Act-
of Part II.
66 appropriate registrar " has the same meaning as in the
1965 Act ;
" charity " and " exempt charity " have the same meanings
as in the Charities Act 1960 ;
1960 с. 58.
" committee " , in relation to a society registered under the
1965 Act, has the same meaning as in that Act ;
" house " has the same meaning as in Part I of the Housing 1964 c. 56.
Act 1964;
" registered 1965 Act association " means a registered
housing association which is a society registered under
the 1965 Act ; and
c . 44
1162 Housing Act 1974
PART II " the 1965 Act " has the meaning assigned to it by section
13( 1 ) (b) above.
Housing association
grants .
1957 с. 56.
PART III
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
29.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may, in accordance with the
provisions of section 30 below, make grants ( in this Part of this
Act referred to as " housing association grants ") to registered
housing associations, other than associations falling within
section 18 (1) ( b) of this Act, in respect of their expenditure in
connection with housing projects approved by him.
( 2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a project is a
housing project if it is undertaken for all or any of the following
purposes, namely, -
( a) providing housing or residential accommodation,
( b) improving such accommodation,
( c) repairing such accommodation,
( d ) providing land or buildings for purposes which, in the
opinion of the Secretary of State, will be for the benefit
of persons for whom any housing or residential accom-
modation is or is to be provided, and
(e ) improving or repairing any such buildings as are referred
to in paragraph (d ) above,
and in this subsection " housing or residential accommodation "
means dwellings which are or are to be let or available for letting
or a building or part of a building used or for use as a hostel or
part of a hostel and for this purpose the grant of a licence to
occupy shall be treated as a letting.
( 3) No housing association grant shall be paid in respect of
any project unless an application therefor is submitted to the
appropriate body, that is to say, -
( a) in England and Wales, if the registered housing associa-
tion concerned makes an application to a council for a
loan under section 119 of the Housing Act 1957 in
connection with the project, to that council, and in any
other case to the Corporation, and
( b) in Scotland , to a local authority, the Corporation or the
Secretary of State,
and where a council in England and Wales, a local authority in
Scotland or the Corporation receive an application under this
subsection, they shall forward it to the Secretary of State together
with their own assessment of the project.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1163
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, the housing association
PART III
grant payable to a registered housing association in respect of a
housing project approved by the Secretary of State shall be equal
to the net cost of the project to the association.
( 5) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the
Treasury, determine maximum levels of cost or of grant applic-
able to housing projects generally, to any particular housing
project or to any description of housing project, and the amount
of the housing association grant payable in respect of a project
to which any such determination applies shall be limited in
accordance with the determination.
( 6) Subject to subsection ( 7) below, for the purposes of this
section the net cost of a housing project to a registered housing
association means the difference between-
( a ) the estimated expenditure of the association which, in
the opinion of the Secretary of State, is attributable to
the project and reasonable and appropriate, having
regard to all the circumstances, and
( b) the estimated income which, in the opinion of the
Secretary of State, the association might reasonably
be expected to receive in respect of the project, includ-
ing any sums received or to be received by way of
grant or subsidy under any enactment, other than this
section,
and for this purpose estimated expenditure and estimated income
shall be calculated in such manner as the Secretary of State may,
with the consent of the Treasury, from time to time determine,
and any such calculation may take account of expenditure likely
to be incurred and income likely to be received after the com-
pletion of the project in connection with the premises to which
the project relates.
( 7 ) If, in the case of an application for a housing association
grant in respect of a particular project, it appears to the Secre-
tary of State that it would be appropriate to do so, he may for
the purposes of this section determine the net cost of the project
to the association in such manner as he considers appropriate
instead of in accordance with subsection (6) above.
(8) Before making any general determination for the purposes
of subsection (5) or subsection (6) above, the Secretary of State
shall consult such bodies appearing to him to be representative
of housing associations as he considers appropriate.
30. ( 1) According as the Secretary of State may determine, Payments of
a housing association grant in respect of a housing project shall housing
be payable-
association
( a ) in a single sum at such time as, in the opinion of the
grant.Secretary of State, the project is completed, or
c. 44
1164 Housing Act 1974
PART III ( b) in annual instalments beginning in the financial year in
which, in his opinion, the project is completed and
continuing over such number of years as he may deter-
mine, either generally or in relation to the particular
project ,
but, in either case, the Secretary of State may, if he considers
it appropriate to do so, make payments on account of the grant
before the project is completed.
( 2) In giving his approval to a housing project for the
purposes of a housing association grant, the Secretary of State
may provide that payment of the grant is conditional upon
compliance by the housing association concerned with such con-
ditions as he may specify, including ( in a case where the project
has not yet been completed) conditions as to the period within
which it is to be completed.
( 3) The Secretary of State may reduce the amount of, or of
any payment in respect of , a housing association grant or
suspend or discontinue any instalments of such a grant-
(a) if he imposed any conditions under subsection (2) above
and any of those conditions have not been complied
with ; or
( b) if he is satisfied that the whole or any part of a build-
ing to which the project relates and which comprises
or is intended to comprise housing or residential
accommodation as defined in section 29( 2) above-
(i) has been converted, demolished or destroyed ;
or
( ii ) is not fit to be used or is not being used
for the purpose for which it was intended ; or
(iii) has been sold or leased ; or
(iv ) has ceased for any reason whatsoever to be
vested in the housing association concerned or in
trustees for that association.
( 4 ) If at any time any dwelling or hostel or part thereof to
which a housing project relates is leased to or becomes vested in
a registered housing association or trustees for a registered
housing association, other than the association by whom the
application for the housing association grant relating to that
project was made, the Secretary of State may pay to that other
association the whole or any part of the grant or any instal-
ment thereof which would otherwise have been paid after that
time to the association by whom the application for the grant
wasmade.
( 5) If, at any time after a housing association grant or any
payment in respect of such a grant has been made to a regis-
tered housing association, it appears to the Secretary of State
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1165
that any building to which the housing project concerned relates
PART III
has ceased to be available for use for the purpose for which, at
the time the project was approved, it was intended that it should
be used, he may direct the association to pay to him an amount
equal to the whole or such proportion as he may determine
of that grant or, as the case may be, of any payment made in
respect of it ; and any amount which a registered housing asso-
ciation is directed to repay to the Secretary of State under this
subsection shall be recoverable as a simple contract debt, or in
Scotland as a debt due under a contract, in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section, the whole or any part
of any building is leased if and only if it is leased for a term
exceeding 7 years, or for a term not exceeding 7 years granted
by a lease which confers on the lessee an option for renewal
for a term which, together with the original term, exceeds 7
years.
( 7) No housing association grant (or payment in respect of
such a grant) may be made before the operative date, but appli-
cations for such grants may be submitted in accordance with
section 29 (3) above before that date and may be so submitted
by a housing association notwithstanding that it is not then
registered.
( 8) On such terms as he may with the approval of the
Treasury specify, the Secretary of State may appoint the Cor-
poration, the Greater London Council, a district council, a
London borough council, the Common Council of the City of
London or a local authority within the meaning of section 1
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 to act as his agent in con- 1966 c. 49.
nection with the making, in such cases as he may specify, of pay-
ments in respect of housing association grant ; and where such an
appointment is made the Corporation, council or local authority,
as the case may be, shall act as such an agent in accordance with
the terms of their appointment.
r
31.-( 1 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that-
Management
( a ) before 1st January 1973 a housing association provided grants for
certain
any dwellings without the assistance of any grant, sub- housing
sidy or contribution from the Secretary of State or a associations.
local authority under any enactment, other than section
93 of the Finance Act 1965 (grants for affording relief 1965 c. 25.
from tax), and
( b) during the whole or any part of an accounting year of
the association beginning on or after that date the
dwellings were subject to tenancies to which Part
VIII of the Housing Finance Act 1972 or sections 60 1972 с. 47.
to 66 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) 1972 с. 46.
c.44
1166 Housing Act 1974
PART III
Revenue
deficit grants
for registered
housing
associations.
Act 1972 applied, being tenancies under which the
interest of the landlord belonged to the association,
and
( c ) by reason of the operation of the said Part VIII, or of
the said sections 60 to 66, and the association's lack
of any other funds, the association has incurred a
deficit in that accounting year as a result of its expendi-
ture in connection with those dwellings,
the Secretary of State may, in accordance with the provisions of
this section, pay to the association a grant towards the
difference between the income arising to the association from
those dwellings in that year and so much of the expenditure
incurred by the association in that year as, in the opinion of the
Secretary of State, was necessary for the proper management
of those dwellings .
( 2) No grant shall be payable under this section in respect
of an accounting year of a housing association unless-
( a) an application in respect of that year is made by the
association to the Secretary of State not later than the
expiry of the period of 15 months beginning
immediately after the end of that year and that applica-
tion is approved by him ; and
( b) the application is made with the consent of the Cor-
poration ; and
(c) both at the time the application is made and at the time
the grant is paid the association is a registered housing
association.
( 3) An application under subsection (2) above shall be in
such form and contain such information as the Secretary of
State may from time to time determine.
( 4 ) A grant to a housing association under this section shall
be paid in a single sum in respect of the year to which it relates ;
and the amount of any such grant shall be calculated in such
manner as the Secretary of State may, with the agreement of
the Treasury, determine.
( 5 ) No grant shall be paid under this section before the
operative date, but an application for such a grant may be
made before that date.
32.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may, in accordance with the
provisions of this section, pay a grant (in this section referred
to as a " revenue deficit grant ") to a registered housing associa-
tion, other than an association falling within paragraph ( a ) or
paragraph (b) of section 18 ( 1) above, if the association incurs
a deficit on its annual revenue account for an accounting year
of the association ending on or after 1st January 1974.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1167
( 2) No revenue deficit grant shall be payable in respect of an accounting year of a registered housing association unless-
( a ) an application in respect of that year is made by the
association to the Secretary of State not later than
the expiry of the period of 15 months beginning
immediately after the end of that year and that applica-
tion is approved by him ; and
( b) the application is in such form and contains such
information as the Secretary of State may from time
to time determine ; and
( c ) the application is accompanied by the audited accounts
of the association for the accounting year to which
the application relates.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, for the purposes of this
section, a registered housing association shall be treated as
incurring a deficit on its annual revenue account for an account-
ing year of the association if—
( a) the expenditure of the association for that year which,
in the opinion of the Secretary of State, is attributable
to dwellings provided by the association and any
related property and is reasonable and appropriate,
having regard to all the circumstances,
PART III
exceeds
( b) the income which, in the opinion of the Secretary of
State, the association might reasonably be expected to
receive in respect of those dwellings and any related
property in that year, including any sums received
or to be received in respect of that year by way of
grant or subsidy under any enactment, other than this
section ,
and for this purpose expenditure and income shall be calculated
in such manner as the Secretary of State may, with the consent
of the Treasury, from time to time determine.
( 4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 3) above, no
account shall be taken for the purposes of this section of so
much of any deficit as, in the opinion of the Secretary of State ,
arises by virtue of any such difference between income and
expenditure as is specified in section 31(1) above.
(5) The revenue deficit grant payable to a registered housing
association in respect of any accounting year shall be of such
amount as the Secretary of State may determine in relation to
that association but shall not be greater than the amount of the
excess determined for that year under subsection (3) above.
( 6 ) If he considers it appropriate to do so the Secretary of
State may make payments on account of any revenue deficit
c . 44
1168 Housing Act 1974
PART III
grant which he considers is likely to become payable to a
registered housing association in respect of any accounting year
but , subject thereto, any such grant shall be paid in a single
sum in respect of the accounting year to which it relates.
( 7) No revenue deficit grant shall be paid before the opera-
tive date but applications for such a grant may be made before
that date and such an application may be so made by a housing
association notwithstanding that it is not then registered.
(8) In subsection ( 3) above " related property " , in relation
to dwellings provided by a housing association, means property
of the association which is provided for the benefit of the
persons occupying those dwellings.
Hostel deficit
grants.
33.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, in accordance with the
provisions of this section, make a grant (in this section referred
to as a " hostel deficit grant ") to any registered housing asso-
ciation which, in relation to a hostel managed by the association,
incurs a revenue deficit in respect of an accounting year of the
association ending on or after the operative date.
( 2) No hostel deficit grant shall be payable to a registered
housing association in respect of any accounting year of the
association unless an application in respect of that year is made
by the association to the Secretary of State not later than the
expiry of the period of 15 months beginning immediately after
the end of that year and that application is approved by him.
(3) For the purposes of this section, a registered housing
association shall be treated as incurring, in relation to any
hostel managed by them, a revenue deficit in respect of an
accounting year of the association if-
( a) the expenditure of the association for that year which,
in the opinion of the Secretary of State, is attributable
to the hostel and reasonable and appropriate having
regard to all the circumstances
exceeds
(b) the income which, in the opinion of the Secretary of
State, the association might reasonably be expected to
receive in respect of the hostel in that year, including
any sums received or to be received in respect of that
year by way of grant or subsidy under any enactment,
other than this section, and so much as is reasonably
attributable to the hostel of any sums received or to
be received by the association in respect of that year
otherwise than by reference to a specific hostel or
purpose,
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1169
and for this purpose expenditure and income shall be calculated
in such manner as the Secretary of State may, with the consent
of the Treasury, from time to time determine.
( 4 ) In any case where more than one hostel is managed by
the same registered housing association and that association
makes an application for a hostel deficit grant in respect of
any accounting year of the association, the Secretary of State
may, if he considers it appropriate to do so, treat all the hostels
managed by the association, or any two or more of them, as a
single hostel for the purpose of determining whether the associa-
tion incurs a revenue deficit in respect of that year in relation
to those hostels.
( 5) The hostel deficit grant payable to a registered housing
association in respect of any accounting year shall be of such
amount as the Secretary of State may determine in relation to
that association but shall not be greater than the amount of the
excess determined for that year under subsection (3) above.
(6 ) According as the Secretary of State may determine, a
hostel deficit grant payable to a registered housing association
in respect of any accounting year shall be payable-
(a ) in a single sum, or
( b) in instalments payable at such times and in such
manner as the Treasury may direct,
but, in either case, if the Secretary of State considers that a
registered housing association is likely to be entitled to a hostel
deficit grant in respect of any accounting year, he may make
payments on account of such a grant before the expiry of that
year.
PART III
( 7) An application under subsection ( 2) above shall be in
such form and contain such information as the Secretary of
State may from time to time determine.
34.-( 1 ) On and after the appointed day, any rights or obliga- Transfer to
tions of the Secretary of State under an agreement in force Corporation
immediately before that day under section 7 of the Housing Act of rights and obligations
1961 or section 23 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions ) ( Scot- of Secretary
land ) Act 1968 (in this section referred to respectively as " the of State in
principal section " and " the principal Scottish section ") shall, relation to
by virtue of this section, become rights or obligations of the certain
Corporation. advances.
1961 с. 65.
( 2 ) In accordance with subsection ( 1) above, on and after the 1968 с. 31 .
appointed day-
( a ) any reference in any such agreement as is referred to
in subsection (1) above to the Secretary of State and
c . 44
1170 Housing Act 1974
PART III
Existing subsidies and
grants for housing associations :
transition to
housing
association
grants.
1972 с. 47.
1972 с. 46.
1968 с. 31.
any reference in any such agreement which immediately
before the appointed day falls to be construed as a
reference to the Secretary of State shall be construed
as a reference to the Corporation ;
( b) in subsections ( 4), ( 6) and ( 7) of the principal section
for the word " Minister " there shall be substituted
the words " Housing Corporation " and in subsections
( 3), (6) and ( 7) of the principal Scottish section for the
words " Secretary of State " there shall be substituted
the words " Housing Corporation " ; and
( c ) any rights and obligations of the Secretary of State in
relation to advances made under those sections (whether
or not arising by virtue of any such agreement as is
referred to in subsection ( 1) above) shall become rights
and obligations of the Corporation.
( 3) In any case where an advance under the principal section
is, immediately before the appointed day, secured by a mortgage
of any property in favour of the Secretary of State, the interest
of the Secretary of State as mortgagee shall, by virtue of this
section (and without any transfer or conveyance), on that day
vest in the Corporation.
( 4 ) In this section " the appointed day " means the day
appointed for the coming into operation of this section.
35.-( 1 ) After the operative date, no approval may be given
by the Secretary of State-
( a ) for the purposes of section 75 of the Housing Finance
Act 1972 (the new building subsidy ) in respect of any
building scheme ; or
( b) for the purposes of sections 55 and 57 of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 (new build-
ing subsidy and improvement subsidy) in respect of any
building scheme or improvement scheme ; or
( c ) for the purposes of section 92 of the Housing Finance
Act 1972 (hostel subsidy) in respect of a hostel scheme ;
or
( d ) for the purposes of section 21 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 (exchequer contribu-
tions for hostels) in respect of the provision of hostels .
( 2) If, before the expiry of the period of one year beginning
on the operative date, a registered housing association makes an
application for housing association grant in respect of a housing
project which is or includes a building scheme or improvement
scheme which has been previously approved for the purposes of
the said section 75 or, as the case may be, the said sections 55
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1171
and 57 and the Secretary of State gives his approval to that
PART III
project for the purposes of housing association grant, -
( a) no further payments of new building subsidy or improve-
ment subsidy shall be made in respect of that approved
scheme ;
( b) the Secretary of State may, under section 30( 2) above,
impose a condition requiring the repayment by the
association of all or any payments of new building
subsidy or improvement subsidy already made in
respect of that approved scheme ; and
( c) where any such condition as is referred to in paragraph
( b) above is so imposed, no account shall be taken
under section 29(6)(b) above of any payments received
by way of new building subsidy or improvement sub-
sidy which are required to be so repaid.
( 3) If, before the operative date, a registered housing associa-
tion has applied for the approval of the Secretary of State under
the said section 75 or the said sections 55 and 57 in respect of
a building scheme or improvement scheme or under section 92
of the Housing Finance Act 1972 in respect of a hostel scheme 1972 c. 47.
or under section 21 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) 1968 с. 31 .
( Scotland ) Act 1968 in respect of the provision of hostels, and
no such approval has been given before that date, then, for the
purposes of section 29 above, the application shall be treated-
( a ) as an application for housing association grant in respect
of a housing project consisting of that building scheme,
improvement scheme or hostel scheme (in England
and Wales) or, as the case may be, the provision of
hostels (in Scotland) , and
( b) as having been submitted to the appropriate body re-
ferred to in section 29(3) above and forwarded by that
body to the Secretary of State,
and for the purpose of his consideration of the application for
housing association grant, the Secretary of State may require the
registered housing association to furnish to him such additional
information as he may determine.
( 4 ) A registered housing association may not make an appli-
cation for housing association grant in respect of a housing
project which consists of or includes-
( a ) the carrying out of works comprised in a hostel scheme
which, before the operative date, has been approved
by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section 92
of the Housing Finance Act 1972, or
( b) the carrying out of works for the provision of hostels
which, before the operative date, have been approved
c . 44
1172 Housing Act 1974
PART III
1968 с. 31 .
1958 с. 42.
1961 с. 65.
1972 с. 47.
1969 с. 33.
by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section 21
of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act
1968, or
( c ) the provision or conversion of a building for use as
a hostel or part of a hostel in accordance with any
such arrangements as are referred to in subsection ( 2)
of section 15 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
Act 1958 or of section 9 of the Housing Act 1961
( grants for hostels) ,
if, before the operative date, any payment of subsidy under
the said section 92 has been made in respect of that hostel
scheme or any contribution has been made in respect of the
provision of hostels under the said section 21 or, as the case
may be, any contribution has been paid in respect of that
building under the said section 15.
( 5) If, in a case where subsection ( 4) above does not prevent
the making of such an application, a registered housing associa-
tion makes an application for housing association grant in
respect of a housing project falling within that subsection and
the Secretary of State gives his approval to that project for the
purposes of housing association grant, then, according to the
nature of the housing project, —
( a) section 92 of the Housing Finance Act 1972 shall cease
to have effect with respect to the hostel scheme referred
to in paragraph (a) of that subsection ; or
( b) section 21 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scot-
land ) Act 1968 shall cease to have effect with respect
to the provision of hostels referred to in paragraph (b)
of that subsection ; or
( c ) section 15 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) Act
1958 shall cease to apply to the building referred to
in paragraph (c) of that subsection .
( 6) In any case where-
( a) a registered housing association is a party to any such
arrangements as are referred to in subsection (1) of
section 21 of the Housing Act 1969 or, in Scotland,
subsection ( 1) of section 16 or section 17 of the Hous-
ing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1968 (con-
tributions for dwellings provided or improved by hous-
ing associations under arrangements with local authori-
ties and, in Scotland, the Secretary of State ) , and
( b) before the operative date approval has been given in
accordance with subsection ( 2) of the ' said section 21
or in accordance with section 14 of the said Act of
1968, as applied by section 17( 1)(ii) of that Act, to the
making and terms of those arrangements, and
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1173
( c ) before the operative date particulars and estimates in
PART III
respect of works to which those arrangements relate
( in this section referred to as a " related project ")
have been submitted in an application made under
subsection (3) of the said section 21 or, as the case
may require, have been furnished under section 18
of the said Act of 1968,
the registered housing association may not make an application
for housing association grant in respect of a housing project
which consists of or includes the carrying out of any of the
works comprised in the related project if any contribution under
the said section 21 or the said sections 16 and 17 has been paid
in relation to the related project before the operative date.
( 7 ) If , in a case falling within paragraphs (a) to (c ) of sub-
section (6) above, -
( a ) the registered housing association concerned makes an
application (permitted by that subsection ) for housing
association grant in respect of a related project, and
( b) the Secretary of State gives his approval to the related
project for the purposes of housing association grant,
section 21 of the Housing Act 1969 or, as the case may be, 1969 с. 33.
sections 16 and 17 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scot- 1968 с. 31 .
land) Act 1968 shall cease to have effect with respect to so much
of the arrangements concerned as relates to the carrying out of
the related project.
( 8) In this section-
" building scheme " has the same meaning as in section 75
of the Housing Finance Act 1972 or, in Scotland, 1972 c. 47 .
section 55 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scot- 1972 c. 46.
land) Act 1972 ; and
"hostel scheme " has the same meaning as in section 92
of the Housing Finance Act 1972 ; and
" improvement scheme " has the same meaning as in
section 57 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
PART IV
HOUSING ACTION AREAS
36.-( 1 ) Where a report with respect to an area consisting Declaration
primarily of housing accommodation is submitted to the local of housing
authority within whose district the area lies by a person or action areas.
persons appearing to the authority to be suitably qualified
( whether or not that person is or those persons include an officer
c . 44
1174 Housing Act 1974
PART IV of the authority) and, upon consideration of the report and of
any other information in their possession, the authority are
satisfied that, having regard to-
( a ) the physical state of the housing accommodation in the
area as a whole, and
(b) social conditions in the area,
the requirement in subsection ( 2) below is fulfilled with respect
to the area, the authority may cause the area to be defined on
a map and by resolution declare it to be a housing action area.
(2) The requirement referred to in subsection ( 1) above is
that the living conditions in the area are unsatisfactory and can
most effectively be dealt with within a period of 5 years so
as to secure-
( a) the improvement of the housing accommodation in the
area as a whole, and
(b) the well-being of the persons for the time being residing
in the area, and
( c) the proper and effective management and use of that
accommodation,
by declaring the area to be a housing action area.
( 3) In considering whether to take action under subsection ( 1)
above with respect to any area, a local authority shall have
regard to such guidance as may from time to time be given by
the Secretary of State, either generally or with respect to a
particular authority or description of authority or in any particu-
lar case, with regard to the identification of areas suitable to
be declared as housing action areas .
( 4) As soon as may be after passing a resolution declaring an
area to be a housing action area, a local authority shall-
( a) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which at least one shall, if practicable, be a
local newspaper) a notice of the resolution identifying
the area and naming a place or places where a copy of
the resolution, a map on which the area is defined
and of the report referred to in subsection ( 1) above
may be inspected at all reasonable times ;
( b) take such further steps as may appear to them best
designed to secure that the resolution and the obliga-
tions imposed by section 47 below are brought to the
attention of persons residing or owning property in the
area and that those persons are informed of the name
and address of the person to whom should be addressed
any inquiries and representations concerning any action
to be taken with respect to the area or, as the case may
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1175
be, any inquiries concerning the obligations so im- PART IV
posed ;
( c ) send to the Secretary of State a copy of the resolution,
the map and a copy of the report mentioned in para-
graph (a) above, a statement of the numbers of
dwellings, houses in multiple occupation and hostels
in the area and a statement containing such
information as the Secretary of State may for the time
being require, either generally or with respect to a
particular authority or description of authority or in
any particular case, to show the basis on which the
local authority satisfied themselves that the area was
suitable to be declared a housing action area, having
regard to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and
(b) of subsection ( 1) above and any relevant guidance
given under subsection (3) above ; and
( d ) send to the Secretary of State a statement of their pro-
posals, whether general or specific, for the participa-
tion of registered housing associations in dealing with
the living conditions in the area.
( 5) As soon as may be after a resolution has been passed
declaring an area to be a housing action area, the resolution
shall be registered in the register of local land charges-
(a ) by the proper officer, for the purposes of section 15 of
the Land Charges Act 1925, of the local authority in 1925 с. 22.
whose area the housing action area is situated ; and
( b) in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under
section 19 of that Act.
( 6) In this Part of this Act " housing accommodation " means
dwellings, houses in multiple occupation and hostels.
37.-( 1 ) When a local authority have declared an area to be a Functions of
housing action area and have sent to the Secretary of State the Secretary
documents referred to in section 36(4) (c) above, he shall send to of State.
the authority a written acknowledgment of the receipt of those
documents.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be appropriate
to do so, he may, at any time within the period of 28 days
beginning with the day on which he sent an acknowledgment
under subsection ( 1) above, send a notification to the local
authority concerned-
( a ) that the area declared by the authority to be a housing
action area is no longer to be such an area ; or
( b ) that land which is within the area declared by the
authority to be a housing action area and which is
!
c . 44
1176 Housing Act 1974
PART IV defined on a map accompanying the notification is to
be excluded from that area ; or
( c ) that the Secretary of State requires more time to con-
sider the authority's declaration of the area as a hous-
ing action area.
( 3) In any case where-
( a) the Secretary of State notifies a local authority as men-
tioned in paragraph ( c) of subsection ( 2) above, and
( b) by a direction given with respect to the particular area
declared by the authority to be a housing action area,
he so requires,
the authority shall send to him such information and documents,
in addition to the information and documents mentioned in
section 36(4) (c ) above, as may be specified in the direction.
( 4 ) Where the Secretary of State notifies a local authority as
mentioned in paragraph (c ) of subsection (2) above, he shall,
on completion of his consideration of the matter, send a further
notification to the authority-
( a) as mentioned in paragraph (a ) or paragraph ( b) of that
subsection ; or
( b) that he does not propose to take any further action with
respect to the local authority's declaration.
(5) With effect from the date on which a local authority is
notified as mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph ( b) of
subsection (2) above (whether the notification is sent under that
subsection or subsection (4) above) the area concerned shall
cease to be a housing action area or, according to the nature of
the notification, the land defined on the map accompanying the
notification shall be excluded from the housing action area.
(6) Where subsection (5 ) above applies, the local authority
concerned shall, as soon as may be after receipt of the
notification,—
( a) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which at least one shall, if practicable, be a
local newspaper) a notice of the effect of the Secretary
of State's notification and naming a place or places
where a copy of the notification and, in the case of
such a notification as is mentioned in subsection (2) (b)
above, a copy of the amended map of the housing
action area may be inspected at all reasonable times ;
and
(b ) take such further steps as may appear to them best
designed to secure that the effect of the notification is
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1177
brought to the attention of persons residing or owning
property in the area declared by the local authority to
be a housing action area.
PART IV
38.- (1 ) If a local authority propose, by a resolution under Incorporation
section 36 above, to declare as a housing action area an area of general
which consists of or includes land which, immediately prior to improvement
areas, priority
the declaration,
neighbour-
( a ) is comprised in a general improvement area declared hoods, or
:
under Part II of the Housing Act 1969, or
parts thereof
into housing
( b) is comprised in a priority neighbourhood declared under action areas.
section 52 below 1969 с. 33 .
they shall indicate on the map referred to in section 36(1) above
the land which is so comprised (in this section referred to as " the
relevant land ").
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, with
effect from the date on which such a resolution as is referred to
in subsection ( 1 ) above is passed, the relevant land shall be
deemed (according to its status) either-
( a ) to have been excluded from the general improvement
area or, as the case may be, to have ceased to be a
general improvement area by virtue of a resolution
under section 30(1) of the Housing Act 1969 passed on
that date and approved by the Secretary of State ; or
( b) to have been excluded from the priority neighbourhood
by virtue of a resolution passed on that date under
section 40( 1) below, as that section applies in relation to
priority neighbourhoods by virtue of section 54 below
or, as the case may be, to have ceased to be a priority
neighbourhood by virtue of a resolution passed on that
date under section 39( 3) below (as that section so
applies ) .
( 3) If the Secretary of State notifies the local authority con-
cerned under section 37 above that the area declared by them to
be a housing action area is no longer to be such an area, sub-
section (2) above shall be treated as never having applied in
relation to the relevant land.
( 4 ) If the Secretary of State notifies the local authority con-
cerned under section 37 above that any land which-
( a ) is within the area declared by the authority to be a
housing action area, and
( b) consists of or includes any of the relevant land,
is to be excluded from the housing action area, subsection (2)
above shall be treated as never having applied in relation to so
c . 44
1178 Housing Act 1974
PART IV
Duration of
housing
action areas.
much of the relevant land as is comprised in the land so
excluded.
39.-( 1 ) Where a local authority have passed a resolution
with respect to any area under section 36( 1) above, then, subject
to section 37( 5) above and the following provisions of this
section, the area shall be a housing action area throughout the
period of 5 years beginning on the date on which the resolution
was passed.
( 2) If, not less than 3 months before the date on which, apart
from any extension, or further extension, under this subsection,
a housing action area would cease to exist, the local authority
concerned notify the Secretary of State in writing that they have
passed a resolution under this subsection, the duration of the
housing action area shall be extended, subject to subsections (3)
and (6 ) below, by the addition of a further period of 2 years .
( 3) Nothwithstanding anything in subsections ( 1) and (2)
above if a local authority by resolution under this subsection so
declare, an area which they had previously declared to be a
housing action area shall cease to be such an area on the date
on which the resolution under this subsection is passed ; and as
soon as may be after passing such a resolution the local
authority shall send a copy of it to the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) On receipt of any notification sent to him under sub-
section (2) above the Secretary of State shall send a written
acknowledgment to the local authority by whom the notification
was sent and, if it appears to him to be appropriate to do so, he
may, at any time within the period of 28 days beginning with
the day on which he sent an acknowledgment under this
subsection, send a notification to the local authority concerned-
( a ) that the duration of the housing action area is not to
be extended in accordance with the authority's
resolution ; or
( b) that the Secretary of State requires more time to con-
sider the authority's extension of the duration of the
housing action area .
(5) Where the Secretary of State notifies a local authority as
mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 4 ) above, he shall,
on completion of his consideration of the matter, send a further
notification to the authority-
(a ) as mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection ; or
( b) if, at the time of the notification, the 2 years' extension
of the duration of the housing action area by virtue
of the authority's resolution under subsection ( 2 )
above has begun to run, that the area concerned is to
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1179
cease to be a housing action area on such date as may
PART IV
be specified in the notification ; or
( c ) that he does not propose to take any further action with
respect to the authority's resolution.
(6) Where the Secretary of State notifies a local authority as
mentioned in subsection (4) (a) above or subsection (5)(b) above
( whether, in the former case, the notification is given under
subsection (4) or subsection (5 ) above) the duration of the
housing action area shall not be extended by virtue of the
authority's resolution under subsection (2) above or, in the case
of a notification under subsection (5) (b) above, the extension by
virtue of that resolution shall be for a period expiring on the
date specified in the notification.
( 7 ) As soon as may be after passing a resolution under sub-
section (2) or subsection (3) above or, if subsection (6) above
applies, as soon as may be after receipt of the notification from
the Secretary of State, a local authority shall-
( a) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which at least one shall, if practicable, be
a local newspaper) a notice of the resolution or, as the
case may be, of the effect of the Secretary of State's
notification and naming a place or places where a
copy of the resolution or notification, as the case may
be, may be inspected at all reasonable times ; and
( b) take such further steps as may appear to the authority
best designed to secure that the resolution or, as the
case may be, the effect of the notification, is brought to
the attention of persons residing or owning property in
the housing action area concerned.
40.-( 1 ) A local authority may at any time by resolution Reduction of
exclude from a housing action area any land for the time being housing
included therein.
action area.( 2) As soon as may be after passing a resolution under this
section, the local authority shall-
( a ) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which one at least shall, if practicable, be
a local newspaper) a notice of the resolution, identify-
ing the housing action area concerned and the land
excluded from it ;
( b) take such further steps as may appear to the authority
best designed to secure that the resolution is brought
to the attention of persons residing or owning property
in the housing action area ; and
(c) send to the Secretary of State a copy of the resolution.
c .44
1180 Housing Act 1974
PART IV
Duty to
publish information.
41. Where a local authority have declared an area to be a
housing action area, it shall be their duty to bring to the
attention of persons residing or owning property in the area-
( a) the action which they propose to take in relation to the
housing action area, and
( b) the assistance available for the improvement of the
housing accommodation in the area,
by publishing from time to time, in such manner as appears
to them appropriate, such information as is in their opinion
best designed to further the purpose for which the area was
declared a housing action area.
Duty to
42.-( 1 ) If at any time they are directed by the Secretary of
inform
State to do so, a local authority who have declared an area to be
Secretary of
State of action a housing action area shall furnish the Secretary of State with
taken .
such information as may be specified in the direction with respect
to the action taken by the authority for the purpose of securing
all or any of the objectives specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of
subsection (2) of section 36 above.
( 2) Adirection for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above
( a) may require the information concerned to be furnished
within a time specified in the direction or within such
further time as the Secretary of State may allow ; and
( b) may be given to local authorities generally or to a
particular authority or description of authority or in
any particular case.
Acquisition
of land in
43.-( 1 ) Where a local authority have declared an area to be
a housing action area then, for the purpose of securing or assist-
housing action ing in securing all or any of the objectives specified in paragraphs
areas.
( a) to (c) of subsection (2) of section 36 above, -
(a ) they may be authorised by the Secretary of State to
acquire compulsorily any land in the area on which
are situated premises which consist of or include
housing accommodation ; and
(b) to the extent that they could not do so apart from this
subsection, they may acquire any such land by agree-
ment.
1946 с. 49.
( 2) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure ) Act
1946 shall apply in relation to a compulsory acquisition of land
under subsection ( 1) above as if that subsection were contained
in an Act in force immediately before the commencement of
thatAct.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1181
( 3) If at any time after-
PART IV
( a) a local authority have entered into a contract for the
acquisition of land falling within subsection (1) above,
or
( b) a compulsory purchase order authorising the acquisition
of any such land has been confirmed,
the housing action area concerned ceases to be such an area
or the land concerned is excluded from the area, the provisions
of this section shall continue to apply as if the land continued
to be in a housing action area.
( 4) If, at any time after a compulsory purchase order authoris-
ing the acquisition of land falling within subsection ( 1) above has
been made but before it is confirmed, the housing action area
concerned ceases to be such an area by virtue of paragraph (a)
of subsection (2) of section 53 below or the land concerned is
excluded from the area by virtue of that paragraph, the provisions
of this section shall continue to apply as if the land continued to
be in a housing action area.
(5) Section 72 of the Housing Act 1964 (restriction on recovery 1964 c. 56.
of possession after making of compulsory purchase order) shall
apply in relation to the compulsory acquisition of land under
this section as if-
( a) the reference in that section to the Housing Act 1957 1957 с. 56.
were a reference to this section ; and
(b) the reference in that section to a house which is
occupied by persons who do not form a single house-
hold were a reference to the land proposed to be
acquired under this section.
( 6) In subsection (2) of section 131 of the Local Government 1972 с. 70.
Act 1972 (enactments which relate to dealings in land by local
authorities and which override the provisions of Part VII of
that Act relating to land transactions) after paragraph ( j ) there
shall be inserted the following paragraph: —
66 " ( jj ) section 43 of the Housing Act 1974 " .
( 7 ) In this section " land " includes any estate or interest in
land and " local authority " includes the Greater London
Council and a county council.
44.-(1 ) The provisions of this section apply to land in a Provision,
housing action area- improvement
etc. of
( a ) on which are situated premises which consist of or housing
include housing accommodation ; and accommoda-
( b) which was acquired ( by agreement or compulsorily ) by tion by local
the local authority and for the purpose specified in authorities .
section 43 ( 1 ) above ; and
с .44
1182 Housing Act 1974
PART IV
( c) which was so acquired after the date on which the hous-
ing action area was declared.
( 2) Subject to section 105 of this Act, the local authority
referred to in subsection ( 1) above may, for the purpose specified
in section 43( 1) above, undertake on land to which this section
applies all or any of the following activities-
( a ) the provision of housing accommodation, by the con-
struction, conversion or improvement of buildings or
otherwise ;
( b) the carrying out of works required for the improvement
or repair of housing accommodation, including works
to the exterior, or on land within the curtilage, of
buildings containing housing accommodation ;
( c ) the management of housing accommodation ; and
( d ) the provision of furniture, fittings or services in or in
relation to housing accommodation.
Assistance for
45.- ( 1 ) For the purpose of effecting or assisting the improve-
carrying out
ment of living conditions in a housing action area, the local
environmental authority may, in accordance with the following provisions of
works. this section, give assistance towards the carrying out of works
(in this section referred to as " environmental works ") -
(a ) to the exterior, or on land within the curtilage, of
buildings containing housing accommodation, not
being works in respect of which an application for a
grant under Part VII of this Act has been approved ;
or
( b ) on land not falling within paragraph ( a) above for the
purpose of improving the amenities of the area.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, assistance under sub-
section ( 1 ) above may be given to any person having an interest
in the building or land concerned and shall consist of all or any
of the following, namely-
(a ) a grant in respect of expenditure which appears to the
local authority to have been properly incurred in the
carrying out of environmental works ;
( b) the provision of materials for the carrying out of
environmental works ; and
( c ) by agreement with the person concerned, the execution
of environmental works at his expense, at the expense
of the local authority, or partly, at his expense and
partly at the expense of the local authority.
( 3) No assistance may be given under subsection ( 1) above in
respect of a building or land in which the local authority have
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1183
such a freehold or leasehold interest as would enable the
authority themselves to carry out environmental works in
relation thereto.
( 4) A grant under subsection ( 2)( a) above may be paid after
the completion of the works towards the cost of which it is
payable or part of it may be paid in instalments as the works
progress and the balance after the completion of the works ;
and where part of any such grant is paid in instalments the
aggregate of the instalments paid shall not at any time before
the completion of the works exceed one- half of the aggregate
cost of the works executed up to that time.
PART IV
46.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Contributions
the Secretary of State may pay contributions to local authorities towards
in respect of expenditure incurred or to be incurred by them in expenditure
under
giving assistance under section 45( 1) above.
section 45.( 2) No contribution shall be paid to a local authority under
subsection ( 1 ) above unless an application therefor is made by
the authority and approved by the Secretary of State ; and any
such application-
(a ) shall be in such form and contain such information as
the Secretary of State may from time to time
determine ; and
( b) may be made before the expenditure concerned is
incurred by the local authority.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, the amount of any
contribution under subsection ( 1) above shall be 50 per cent. of
the expenditure incurred or to be incurred by the local authority
concerned in giving assistance under section 45( 1) above.
( 4 ) The aggregate amount of the expenditure in respect of
which applications for contributions may be approved under
this section shall not exceed the sum arrived at by multiplying
£ 50 by the aggregate of the number of dwellings, houses in
multiple occupation and hostels stated by the local authority,
in accordance with section 36( 4)( c) above, to be in the area.
( 5) A contribution under subsection ( 1) above shall be payable
in a single sum in the financial year in which are completed
the external works to which the local authority's expenditure
relates.
( 6 ) The Secretary of State may by order made with the
consent of the Treasury vary the sum of £50 specified in sub-
section (4 ) above and any such variation-
( a ) may be made generally or by reference to housing
action areas declared by any particular authority or
c . 44
1184 Housing Act 1974
PART IV
description of authority or by reference to any
particular housing action area or description of
housing action area ; and
( b) shall have effect with respect to applications for con-
tributions under subsection ( 1) above approved after
such date as may be specified in the order.
( 7 ) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section (6) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.
Notification
of notices to
quit and
disposals of
housing accommoda-
tion etc.
47.-( 1 ) Within the period of 7 days beginning with the day
on which a notice to quit is served-
( a) in respect of land consisting of or including housing
accommodation in a housing action area, and
( b) on a tenant who occupies as a dwelling the whole or any
part of that land,
the landlord by or on whose behalf the notice is served shall
notify the local authority in accordance with Schedule 4 to this
Act, that the notice has been served.
( 2) Not less than 4 weeks before the expiry by effluxion of
time of any tenancy-
( a ) which is a tenancy of land consisting of or including
housing accommodation in a housing action area, and
( b) which expires without the service of any notice to quit,
the person who is the landlord under that tenancy shall notify
the local authority, in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act,
that the tenancy is about to expire .
( 3 ) Not less than 4 weeks and not more than 6 months before
the date on which a person carries out a disposal of land to
which this section applies, he shall notify the local authority, in
accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act, that the disposal is to
take place ; and for the purposes of this section a person carries
out a disposal of land if he conveys or enters into a contract
to convey a legal estate or interest in the land, whether or not
that estate or interest is in existence immediately before the
date of the conveyance or contract.
( 4 ) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall
impose an obligation on any person to notify a local authority
of any matter if, apart from this subsection, the obligation
would require him to notify the authority at some time before
the expiry of the period of 4 weeks beginning with the date on
which the housing action area concerned is declared.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1185
( 5 ) A local authority who receive a notification given in PART IV
compliance with any provision of subsections ( 1) to (3) above
shall, -
( a) as soon as practicable after the notification is received,
send to the person by whom it was furnished a written
acknowledgment of its receipt, stating the day on which
it was received ; and
(b ) within the period of 4 weeks beginning with the day
on which the notification was received, inform the per-
son by whom it was furnished what action, if any,
they propose to take as a result of the notification with
respect to the land to which the notification relates.
( 6) This section applies to a disposal of land consisting of or
including housing accommodation in a housing action area,
other than a disposal-
(a) by a person who, throughout the period of 6 months
ending on the date of the disposal, has been continu-
ously in exclusive occupation ( with or without mem-
bers of his household ) of the land to which the disposal
relates ; or
(b) to which the local authority are a party ; or
( c) consisting of the grant of a protected tenancy, within the
meaning of the Rent Act 1968, or of a contract to 1968 с. 23 .
which Part VI of that Act applies ; or
(d ) consisting of the grant or assignment of a lease (of
land or of an interest in land ) for a term which expires
within the period of 5 years and 3 months beginning on
the date of the grant of the lease, where neither the
lease nor any other instrument or contract confers
on the lessor or the lessee an option (however ex-
pressed ) to renew or extend the term so that the new
term or the extended term would continune beyond
the end of that period of 5 years and 3 months ; or
(e) consisting of the grant of an estate or interest by way
of security for a loan ; or
( f ) consisting of the conveyance of an estate or interest
where the conveyance gives effect to a contract to
convey that estate or interest and the proposal to enter
into that contract was notified to the local authority
in accordance with subsection (3) above.
( 7) Any person who-
( a) without reasonable excuse fails to comply with an
obligation imposed on him by subsection (1) or
subsection (2) above, or
( b) without reasonable excuse carries out a disposal of
land to which this section applies without having
PartII
H
c .44
1186 Housing Act 1974
PART IV
Application
ofcertain
provisions ofHousing
Acts.
1957 с. 56.
complied with the obligation imposed on him by sub-
section (3) above, or
( c ) knowingly or recklessly furnishes a notification which
is false in a material particular in purported com-
pliance with any provision of this section, or
(d ) knowingly or recklessly omits from any such notification
any information which is required to be contained
therein by virtue of any provision of Schedule 4 to this
Act,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 8) Where an offence under subsection (7) above which has
been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attribut-
able to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary
or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who
was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the
body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be
proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 9) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection (8) above shall apply in relation to the acts
and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of
management as if he were a director of the body corporate.
(10 ) The conviction of any person for an offence under sub-
section (7) above shall not affect the date on which any tenancy
expires ( whether by virtue of a notice to quit or otherwise) or the
validity of any disposal of land.
48.-( 1) The following provisions of the Housing Act 1957, —
( a) section 159 (power of entry for inspection, etc.),
(b) section 160 (penalty for obstructing execution of Act),
( c ) section 169 (service of notices, etc., on persons other
than local authorities) , and
( d ) section 170 (power of local authority to require informa-
tion as to ownership of premises) ,
shall apply, subject to subsection ( 2 ) below, as if references
therein to the Housing Act 1957 included references to this
Part of this Act.
( 2 ) In its application, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, in
relation to this Part of this Act, section 170 of the Housing Act
1957 shall have effect with the insertion after the words " in
respect of any premises " of the words " within such period of
not less than fourteen days from the date on which the require-
ment is made as may be specified by the authority " and after
c. 44
Housing Act 1974 1187
the words " that information " of the words " within the period so PART IV
specified ".
( 3) In section 70 of the Housing Act 1969 (review of housing 1969 c. 33.
conditions by local authorities with a view to exercising certain
statutory functions ) for the words " or Part II of this Act " there
shall be substituted the words " Part II of this Act or Part IV
of the Housing Act 1974 " .
49.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the local authorities Local
for the purposes of this Part of this Act are the councils of authorities
districts and London boroughs and the Common Council of the for the
purposes of
City of London.
Part IV.
( 2) The Greater London Council may exercise the powers of
a local authority under subsections ( 1) to ( 3) of section 36 above
with respect to any area in Greater London, but only with the
agreement of any local authority in whose district the area or
any part of the area is situated ; and in relation to, and to any
premises in, an area which, in acordance with this subsection,
has been declared a housing action area by the Greater London
Council, any reference to a local authority in-
( a ) section 36(4) and sections 37 to 42 and 45 to 47 above,
or
( b) the provisions of the Housing Act 1957 applied in 1957 c. 56.
relation to this Part of this Act by section 48( 1) above,
or
( c) Part III of the Housing Finance Act 1972 ( rent of dwell- 1972 c. 47.
ings in good repair and provided with standard
amenities),
shall be construed, except in so far as the context otherwise
requires, as a reference to the Greater London Council, to the
exclusion of any other council.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, in relation to
any premises in a housing action area which, in accordance with
that subsection, has been declared by the Greater London
Council-
( a) the Greater London Council may exercise the functions
of a local authority under Part II or Part IV of the
Housing Act 1957, Part II of the Housing Act 1961, 1961 с. 65 .
Part IV of the Housing Act 1964 or Part IV of the
1964 с. 56.
Housing Act 1969, and
( b) any functions exercisable under the enactments referred
to in paragraph (a) above by the council of a London
borough or the Common Council of the City of London
shall be so exercisable only after consultation with the
Greater London Council.
H2
1188 Housing Act 1974
c . 44
Consideration
by Secretary
of State of
suitability
ofgeneral
improvement
areas.
1969 с. 33.
PART V
GENERAL IMPROVEMENT AREAS
50.-( 1 ) With a view to affording to the Secretary of State an
opportunity to consider in advance the suitability of an area as
a general improvement area and, where appropriate, to prevent
an area which appears to him to be inappropriate to be declared
a general improvement area, for section 28 of the Housing Act
1969 there shall be substituted the sections set out in Part I of
Schedule 5 to this Act.
( 2) In any case where, on or after 12th June 1973 and before
the coming into operation of this section, a local authority have,
( a ) by resolution under section 28( 1) of the Housing Act
1969, declared an area to be a general improvement
area, or
( b) by resolution under section 30(2) of that Act, included
any land in an existing general improvement area,
the Secretary of State may, if it appears to him appropriate to
do so, at any time within the relevant period serve notice on
the authority terminating the status of the area as a general
improvement area or, as the case may be, excluding the land
from the general improvement area in question, with effect from
the date on which the notice is served .
(3) In subsection (2) above " the relevant period ", in relation
to a general improvement area or land included in such an area
as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection, means the
period of 42 days beginning on the day appointed for the coming
into operation of this section or, if it is later, the day on which
the Secretary of State receives, by virtue of any provision of the
Housing Act 1969, a copy of the resolution declaring the area
referred to in subsection (2)(a) above to be a general improve-
ment area or, as the case may be, including the land referred to
in subsection (2)(b) above in a general improvement area.
( 4 ) As soon as may be after notice has been served on a
local authority under subsection (2) above, they shall-
( a ) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which one at least shall, if practicable, be
a local newspaper) a notice identifying the general
improvement area concerned and either stating that
its status as such an area has been terminated by the
Secretary of State and the date on which it was so
terminated or, as the case may be, identifying the land
excluded from the general improvement area and
stating the date on which it was so excluded ; and
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1189
( b) take such further steps as may appear to them best
designed to secure that the termination of the general
improvement area or, as the case may be, the exclusion
of the land from a general improvement area is brought
to the attention of persons residing or owning property
in the area or, as the case may be, on that land.
PARTV
51. The provisions of Part II of the Housing Act 1969 ( general Further
improvement areas) shall be amended in accordance with Part II amendments
of Schedule 5 to this Act. relating to
general
improvement
areas.
PART VI
PRIORITY NEIGHBOURHOODS
52.-( 1 ) Where a report with respect to an area which con- Declaration
sists primarily of housing accommodation and which, in ofpriority
accordance with subsection ( 2 ) below, is appropriate to be neighbour-
declared a priority neighbourhood, is submitted to the local
hoods.
authority within whose district the area lies by a person or
persons appearing to the authority to be suitably qualified
( whether or not that person is or those persons include an
officer of the authority) and, upon consideration of the report
and of any other information in their possession, the authority
are satisfied that, having regard to-
( a) the physical state of the housing accommodation in the
area as a whole, and
(b) social conditions in the area,
the requirements in subsection ( 3) below are fulfilled with
respect to the area, the authority may cause the area to be
defined on a map and by resolution declare it to be a priority
neighbourhood.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section, an area is appropriate
to be declared a priority neighbourhood if , immediately before
the declaration, it surrounds, or has a common boundary with, -
( a ) a housing action area other than an area in respect of
which the Secretary of State has notified the local
authority as mentioned in subsection (2) (c) of section 37
above and has not yet sent a further notification under
subsection (4) of that section ; or
( b) a general improvement area in respect of which a con-
firmatory resolution, within the meaning of section 28
of the Housing Act 1969, has been passed.
1969 с. 33.
( 3) The requirements referred to in subsection ( 1) above are-
(a) that the living conditions in the area are unsatisfactory ;
H3
c . 44
1190 Housing Act 1974
PART VI ( b) that it is not, at the date of the resolution, practicable
for the local authority to declare the area or any part
of it to be a housing action area or a general improve-
ment area or to declare as a housing action area or a
general improvement area an area which includes any
part of the proposed priority neighbourhood ; and
( c ) that it is necessary to secure in the area all or any of
the objectives specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of
section 36(2) above and that that need can best be met
by declaring the area to be a priority neighbourhood.
( 4 ) In considering whether to take action under subsection ( 1 )
above with respect to any area, a local authority shall have
regard to such guidance as may from time to time be given by
the Secretary of State, either generally or with respect to a par-
ticular authority or description of authority or in any particular
case, with regard to the identification of areas suitable to be
declared as priority neighbourhoods.
( 5) As soon as may be after passing a resolution declaring
an area to be a priority neighbourhood, a local authority shall-
( a) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality ( of which at least one shall, if practicable, be
a local newspaper) a notice of the resolution identify-
ing the priority neighbourhood and naming a place
or places where a copy of the resolution, of the map
on which the neighbourhood is defined and of the report
referred to in subsection ( 1) above may be inspected
at all reasonable times ;
( b) take such further steps as may appear to them best
designed to secure that the resolution is brought to the
attention of persons residing or owning property in the
priority neighbourhood and that those persons are
informed of the name and address of the person to
whom any inquiries and representations concerning
any action to be taken with respect to the neighbour-
hood should be addressed ; and
( c) send to the Secretary of State a copy of the resolution,
the map and a copy of the report mentioned in para-
graph (a) above and a statement containing such
information as the Secretary of State may for the time
being require, either generally or with respect to a
particular authority or description of authority or in
any particular case, to show the basis on which the
local authority satisfied themselves that the area con-
cerned was suitable to be declared a priority neigh-
bourhood, having regard to the matters specified in
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1191
paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 1) above and any PART VI
relevant guidance given under subsection ( 4) above.
( 6 ) As soon as may be after a resolution has been passed
declaring an area to be a priority neighbourhood, the resolution
shall be registered in the register of local land charges-
( a) by the proper officer, for the purposes of section 15
of the Land Charges Act 1925, of the local authority in 1925 с. 22.
whose area the priority neighbourhood is situated ; and
( b) in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under
section 19 of that Act.
( 7) Section 37 above shall apply in relation to the declara-
tion of a priority neighbourhood with the substitution-
( a ) for any reference to a housing action area of a
reference to a priority neighbourhood ; and
( b) for any reference to section 36(4) (c) above of a reference
to subsection (5)(c) of this section.
( 8 ) In this section " housing accommodation "
means
dwellings, houses in multiple occupation and hostels.
53. ( 1) If a local authority propose, by a resolution under Incorporation
section 52 above, to declare as a priority neighbourhood an into priority
area which consists of or includes land which, immediately ho
neighbour- hoods of
prior to the declaration, is comprised-
general
( a) in a housing action area declared under section 36 improvement
above, or
areas,
housing
(b) in a general improvement area declared under Part II
action areas,
of the Housing Act 1969,
orparts
thereof .
they shall indicate on the map referred to in section 52 above
1969 с. 33 .
the land which is so comprised (in this section referred to as
" the relevant land ") .
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, with
effect from the date on which such a resolution as is referred
to in subsection (1 ) above is passed, the relevant land shall be
deemed (according to its status) either-
( a) to have ceased to be a housing action area by virtue of
a resolution passed on that date under section 39(3)
above or, as the case may be, to have been excluded
from the housing action area by virtue of a resolution
passed on that date under section 40(1) above ; or
( b ) to have ceased to be a general improvement area or,
as the case may be, to have been excluded from the
general improvement area by virtue of a resolution
under section 30(1) of the Housing Act 1969 passed
on that date and approved by the Secretary of State.
H4
c .44
1192 Housing Act 1974
PART VI ( 3) If the Secretary of State notifies the local authority con-
cerned under section 37 above, as that section applies in relation
to priority neighbourhoods by virtue of section 52(7) above,
that the area declared by them to be a priority neighbourhood
is no longer to be such an area, subsection ( 2) above shall be
treated as never having applied in relation to the relevant land.
( 4 ) If the Secretary of State notifies the local authority con-
cerned under section 37 above, as that section applies in relation
to priority neighbourhoods by virtue of section 52( 7) above,
that any land which-
( a ) is within the area declared by the authority to be a
priority neighbourhood, and
( b) consists of or includes any of the relevant land,
is to be excluded from the priority neighbourhood, subsection
( 2 ) above shall be treated as never having applied in relation to
so much of the relevant land as is comprised in the land so
excluded.
Application to priority neighbour-
54.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the following
provisions of Part IV of this Act shall apply in relation to a
hoods of
priority neighbourhood as they apply in relation to a housing
certain
action area, namely-
provisions
ofPart IV.
(a ) section 39 ( duration of housing action areas) ;
(b) section 40 (reduction of housing action areas) ;
(c) section 42 ( duty to inform Secretary of State of action
taken ) ;
(d ) section 43 (acquisition of land in housing action areas) ;
(e) section 44 (provision, improvement etc. of housing
accommodation by local authorities) ;
( f ) section 47 (notification of notices to quit and disposals
of housing accommodation etc.) ; and
( g) section 48 (application of certain provisions of Housing
Acts ).
( 2 ) In the application, by virtue of subsection (1 ) above, of
the provisions of Part IV of this Act specified in that subsection-
( a) for any reference in those provisions to a housing action
area there shall be substituted a reference to a priority
neighbourhood ; and
(b) any reference in any of those provisions to any other
provision of Part IV of this Act shall be construed as
a reference to that other provision as it applies in
relation to priority neighbourhoods.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1193
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, in the applica- tion, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, of section 39 above-
( a ) for the reference in subsection (1) of that section to
section 36(1) above there shall be substituted a
reference to section 52( 1) above ; and
( b) for any reference in subsection (2) or subsection (5) of
that section to 2 years there shall be substituted a
reference to 5 years.
( 4) A local authority may not exercise the power conferred
by section 40 above, as applied by virtue of subsection ( 1) above,
in relation to a priority neighbourhood unless the land which
would be left in the priority neighbourhood after the exclusion
of the land in question-
( a) would then constitute an area which, having regard to
subsection (2) of section 52 above, would be appro-
priate to be declared a priority neighbourhood ; or
( b) would then surround or have a common boundary with
an area which, immediately before the priority neigh-
bourhood was declared, constituted or formed part of a
housing action area or a general improvement area ; or
( c) would then consist of or include land which, immediately
before the priority neighbourhood was declared, formed
part of a housing action area or a general improvement
area.
( 5 ) In the application, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, of
section 43 above, in subsection (4) of that section for the words
" paragraph (a ) of subsection (2) of section 53 below " there
shall be substituted the words " paragraph (b) of subsection (2)
of section 38 above ".
PART VI
55.-( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, the local authorities Local
for the purposes of this Part of this Act are the councils of authorities
districts and London boroughs and the Common Council of for the
purposes of
the City of London.
Part VI.( 2) The Greater London Council may exercise the powers
of a local authority under subsections (1) to ( 4 ) of section 52
above with respect to any area in Greater London, but only
with the agreement of any local authority in whose district the
area or any part of the area is situated.
( 3) In relation to, and to any premises in, an area which, in
accordance with subsection (2) above, has been declared a
priority neighbourhood by the Greater London Council, any
reference to a local authority in-
( a) sections 52(5), 53 and 54 above, or
c . 44
1194 Housing Act 1974
PART VI
1957 с. 56.
(b) any provision of Part IV of this Act specified in section
52(7) or section 54 above, as that provision has effect by
virtue of either of those sections, or
( c ) the provisions of the Housing Act 1957 applied in
relation to priority neighbourhoods by section 48( 1)
above, as that section has effect by virtue of section
54( 1) (g) above,
shall be construed, except in so far as the context otherwise
requires, as a reference to the Greater London Council, to the
exclusion of any other council.
Grants for
provision, improvement
and repair of
dwellings.
PART VII
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TOWARDS WORKS OF IMPROVEMENT,
REPAIR AND CONVERSION
Grants by local authorities
56.-( 1 ) Grants of the descriptions specified in subsection (2)
below shall be payable by local authorities in accordance with
the following provisions of this Part of this Act towards the cost
of works required for-
( a) the provision of dwellings by the conversion of houses
or other buildings,
( b) the improvement of dwellings,
( c) the repair of dwellings, and
( d ) the improvement of houses in multiple occupation by
the provision of standard amenities,
where the provision, improvement or repair is by a person other
than a housing authority.
( 2) The grants referred to in subsection ( 1) above are-
66
( a ) an improvement grant " in respect of works required
for the provision of a dwelling (as mentioned in para-
graph (a) of that subsection ) or for the improvement of
a dwelling or, in the case of a registered disabled
person, works required for his welfare, accommoda-
tion or employment where the existing dwelling is
inadequate or unsuitable for those purposes, not being
works falling entirely within paragraph (b) below ;
(b) an " intermediate grant " in respect of works required
for the improvement of a dwelling by the provision
of standard amenities which it lacks or which in the
case of a registered disabled person are inaccessible to
that person by virtue of his disability ;
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1195
( c ) a " special grant " in respect of works required for the PART VII
improvement of a house in multiple occupation by the
provision of standard amenities ; and
( d ) a " repairs grant " in respect of works of repair or
replacement relating to a dwelling in a housing action
area or a general improvement area, not being works
associated with other works required for the provision
( as mentioned in subsection (1 )(a ) above) or improve-
ment of the dwelling.
( 3) Except in a case where a local authority exercise their
power under subsection ( 4) below, they shall not entertain-
( a) an application for an improvement grant in respect of
works required for the provision of a dwelling by the
conversion of a house or other building which was
erected after 2nd October 1961 ; or
( b) an application for any grant for the improvement or
repair of a dwelling which was provided after that
date.
( 4) Notwithstanding the prohibition in subsection (3) above,
but subject to such general or special directions as may from
time to time be given by the Secretary of State, where an applica-
tion is made which falls within paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b)
of that subsection, the local authority to whom it is made may
entertain the application if they consider it appropriate to do so.
57.-( 1) No grant shall be paid by a local authority unless General
an application therefor is made to the Authority in accordance provisions
with the provisions of this Part of this Act.
relating to
applications
( 2) An application for a grant shall-
for grants.( a) specify the premises to which the application relates ;
( b ) contain particulars of the works in respect of which the
grant is sought ( in this Part of this Act referred to as
" the relevant works ") and an estimate of their cost ;
and
( c ) contain such other particulars as may for the time being
be specified by the Secretary of State.
( 3) Subject to section 83 below, a local authority shall not
entertain an application for a grant unless they are satisfied
that the applicant has, in every parcel of land on which the
relevant works are to be or have been carried out, an interest
which is either an estate in fee simple absolute in possession or
a term of years absolute of which not less than 5 years remain
unexpired at the date of the application.
( 4 ) If the Secretary of State has given directions for the
purposes of this subsection, either to local authorities generally
c.44
1196 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII 1969 с. 33.
Standard
amenities.
or to a particular local authority, applying to any application
for an improvement grant or an intermediate grant which is of a
description specified in the directions, a local authority affected
by the directions shall not approve an application to which
they apply except with the consent of the Secretary of State ;
and any such consent may be given generally or with respect
to a particular authority or with respect to a particular descrip-
tion of application.
(5) A local authority may not approve an application for a
grant if the relevant works have been begun unless they are
satisfied that there were good reasons for beginning those works
before the application was approved.
( 6 ) Except in so far as this Act otherwise provides, a local
authority may not entertain an application for a grant if the
relevant works are or include-
(a ) works which were the relevant works in relation to
an application which has previously been approved
under this Part of this Act ; or
( b) works which were specified in an application for a
grant under Part I of the Housing Act 1969 which
was approved,
and the applicant for the grant is, or is the personal representa-
tive of, the person who made the earlier application.
( 7) If, after an application for a grant has been approved by
a local authority, the authority are satisfied that owing to
circumstances beyond the control of the applicant the relevant
works will not be carried out on the basis of the estimate con-
tained in the application, they may, on receiving a further
estimate, redetermine the estimated expense in relation to the
grant and make such other adjustments relating to the amount
of the grant as appear to them to be appropriate, but the
amount of a grant shall not be increased by virtue of this
subsection beyond the amount which could have been notified
as the amount of the grant when the application was approved
if the estimate contained in the application had been for the
same amount as the further estimate.
58.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, the " standard
amenities " for the purposes of this Part of this Act are the
amenities which are described in the first column of Part I of
Schedule 6 to this Act and which conform to such of the pro-
visions of Part II of that Schedule as are applicable.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order vary the provisions
of Schedule 6 to this Act and any such order may contain such
transitional or other supplemental provisions as appear to the
Secretary of State to be expedient.
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1197
59.-(1) In this Part of this Act " the appropriate percentage "
PART VII
( which is relevant for determining the amount , or the maximum Appropriate
amount, of any grant ) shall be determined according to whether, percentage.
on the date on which the application for the grant concerned is
approved, the premises to which the application relates are in a
housing action area, a general improvement area or neither
and, subject to the following provisions of this section, the
appropriate percentage is-
( a ) in a case where those premises are on that date in a
housing action area, 75 per cent. ;
( b) in a case where those premises are on that date in a
general improvement area, 60 per cent.; and
( c ) in any other case, 50 per cent.
( 2) If, in the case of premises which are in a housing action
area on the date on which the application for the grant concerned
is approved, it appears to the local authority by whom the
application is approved that the applicant will not without undue
hardship be able to finance the cost of so much of the relevant
works as is not met by the grant, they may treat the appropriate
percentage as increased to such percentage not exceeding 90 per
cent. as they think fit.
( 3) If, at any time after an application for a grant has been
approved but before the relevant works have been begun, an
area which includes the land on which the premises concerned
are situated is declared to be a housing action area or a general
improvement area, the local authority by whom the application
was approved shall allow the application to be withdrawn with
a view to enabling the applicant to make a further application
for a grant.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may by order with the con-
sent of the Treasury vary all or any of the percentages specified
in subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above, and any such variation shall
have effect with respect to applications for grants approved after
such date as may be specified in the order.
( 5 ) An order under subsection ( 4) above-
(a ) shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been
approved by a resolution of the Commons House of
Parliament ; and
( b) shall not specify a date earlier than the date of the
laying of the draft.
60.-(1 ) Subject to section 83 below, a local authority shall Certificates
not entertain an application for a grant other than a special of future
grant unless the application is accompanied by a certificate occupation.
under this section as to future occupation of the dwelling or,
с . 44
1198 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII
as the case may be, each of the dwellings for the provision,
improvement or repair of which the grant is sought.
( 2) A certificate of future occupation shall be either a certifi-
cate of owner- occupation under subsection (3) or subsection ( 4)
below or a certificate of availability for letting under subsec-
tion (5) below.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, for the purposes of this
Part of this Act a " certificate of owner-occupation " is a certifi-
cate stating that the applicant for the grant intends that, on
or before the first anniversary of the certified date and through-
out the period of 4 years beginning on that first anniversary,
the dwelling will be his only or main residence and will be
occupied exclusively by himself and members of his household
(if any ) .
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, in a case where
an application for a grant is made by the personal representatives
of a deceased person or by trustees, a " certificate of owner-
occupation " is a certificate stating that the applicants are
personal representatives or trustees and intend that, on or before
the first anniversary of the certified date and throughout the
period of 4 years beginning on that first anniversary, the dwelling
will be the only or main residence of, and exclusively occupied
by, a person who, under the will or intestacy or, as the case
may require, under the terms of the trust, is beneficially entitled
to an interest in the dwelling or the proceeds of sale thereof
and members of his household (if any) .
( 5 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a " certificate
of availability for letting " is a certificate stating that the appli-
cant for the grant intends that , throughout the period of 5 years
beginning with the certified date, -
( a) the dwelling will be let or available for letting as a
residence, and not for a holiday, to a person other than
a member of the applicant's family ; or
( b) the dwelling will be occupied or available for occupa-
tion by a member of the agricultural population in
pursuance of a contract of service and otherwise than
as a tenant.
Improvement
grants.
Improvement grants
61.-( 1) A local authority shall pay an improvement grant
if-
( a) an application for such a grant, made in accordance
with this Part of this Act, is approved by them, and
(b) the conditions for the payment of the grant are fulfilled,
and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a local
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1199
authority may approve an application for an improvement grant in such circumstances as they think fit.
PART VII
(2) A local authority shall not approve an application for an
improvement grant unless they are satisfied that, on completion
of the relevant works, the dwelling or, as the case may be, each
of the dwellings to which the application relates will attain the
required standard.
( 3) For the purposes of this section a dwelling shall be taken,
subject to subsections (4 ) and (5) below, to attain the required
standard if the following conditions are fulfilled with respect to
it , namely-
( a ) that it is provided with all the standard amenities for the
exclusive use of its occupants ; and
( b ) that it is in good repair ( disregarding the state of
internal decorative repair) having regard to its age and
character and the locality in which it is situated ; and
( c ) that it conforms with such requirements with respect
to construction and physical conditions and the pro-
vision of services and amenities as may for the time
being be specified by the Secretary of State for the
purposes of this section ; and
( d ) that it is likely to provide satisfactory housing accom-
modation for a period of 30 years .
( 4 ) If it appears to a local authority that it is not practicable
at reasonable expense for a dwelling to which an application
for an improvement grant relates-
( a) to be provided with all the standard amenities, or
( b) to attain the standard of repair required by the con-
dition in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 3) above, or
( c ) to conform in every respect with the requirements re-
ferred to in paragraph (c) of that subsection,
the authority may, in the case of that dwelling, reduce the
required standard by dispensing with the condition in question
to such extent as will enable them, if they think fit, to approve
the application.
( 5) If it appears to a local authority reasonable to do so in
the case of any dwelling to which an application for an improve-
ment grant relates, they may reduce the required standard by
substituting for the period specified in paragraph ( d ) of sub-
section (3) above such shorter period of not less than 10 years
as appears to them to be appropriate in the circumstances.
c . 44
1200 Housing Act 1974
PART VII
62.-( 1 ) If an application for an improvement grant in respect
Rateable
of works required for the improvement of a dwelling or dwellings
value limit on improvement grants for
is accompanied by a certificate of owner- occupation relating to
that dwelling or, as the case may be, one of those dwellings, the
dwellings for
local authority shall not approve the application if, on the date
owner
of the application, the rateable value of the dwelling to which
occupation.
that certificate relates is in excess of the relevant limit.
( 2) If an application for an improvement grant in respect
of works required for the provision of a dwelling or dwellings
by the conversion of any premises which consist of or include
a house or two or more houses is accompanied by a certificate
of owner-occupation in respect of that dwelling or, as the case
may be, one of those dwellings, the local authority shall not
approve the application if , on the date of the application, -
( a) the rateable value of that house or, as the case may be,
any of those houses, or
( b) where the certificate relates to a dwelling to be provided
by the conversion of premises consisting of or includ-
ing two or more houses, the aggregate of the rateable
values of those houses,
is in excess of the relevant limit.
( 3) In this section " the relevant limit " means such limit
of rateable value as the Secretary of State may with the consent
of the Treasury by order specify ; and different limits may be
so specified in relation to dwellings falling within subsection
(1) above and houses converted as mentioned in subsection (2)
above and also in relation to property in different areas.
( 4) For the purposes of this section the rateable value on any
day of a dwelling or house shall be determined as follows : -
(a) if the dwelling or house is a hereditament for which a
rateable value is then shown in the valuation list, it
shall be that rateable value ;
(b) if the dwelling or house forms part only of such a
hereditament or consists of or forms part of more than
one such hereditament, its rateable value shall be
taken to be such value as the local authority, after
consultation with the applicant as to an appropriate
apportionment or aggregation, shall determine.
Determination
of estimated
expense in
relation to
improvement
grant.
63.- ( 1) Where a local authority approve an application for
an improvement grant they shall determine the amount of the
expenses which, in their opinion, are proper to be incurred for
the execution of the relevant works and shall notify the appli-
cant of that amount ; and, in relation to an improvement grant
which has been approved, the amount so notified is in this section
Housing Act 1974 1201
c .
and section 64 below referred to as " the estimated expense " of the relevant works.
( 2) Not more than 50 per cent. , or such other percentage as
may for the time being be prescribed, of the estimated expense of
any works shall be allowed for works of repair and replacement.
( 3) If the applicant satisfies the local authority that the
relevant works cannot be or could not have been carried out
without the carrying out of additional works and that this
could not have been reasonably foreseen at the time the appli-
cation was made, the local authority may, subject to subsection
( 2) above, determine a higher amount as the amount of the
estimated expense.
PART VII
64.-( 1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Amount of
the amount of an improvement grant shall be such as may be improvement
fixed by the local authority when they approve the application grant.
for the grant but shall not exceed the appropriate percentage
of the eligible expense.
( 2 ) Together with the notification under section 63(1) above,
the local authority shall send to the applicant a notification of
the amount of the grant.
( 3) Except in a case or description of case in respect of which
the Secretary of State approves a higher eligible expense, the
eligible expense for the purposes of an improvement grant shall
be so much of the estimated expense as does not exceed the rele-
vant limit ; and, subject to subsections ( 4 ) and ( 7 ) below, " the
relevant limit ", in relation to an improvement grant, is the
amount for the dwelling, or if the application for the grant
relates to more than one dwelling the total of the amounts
for each of the dwellings, applicable under the following
paragraphs, that is to say-
( a) for a dwelling which is improved by the relevant works
or is provided by them otherwise than as mentioned
in paragraph ( b) below, £2,000, or such other amount
as the Secretary of State may by order specify ; and
( b) for a dwelling which is provided by the conversion
of a house or other building consisting of three or
more storeys , £2,400, or such other amount as the
Secretary of State may by order specify.
( 4 ) A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-
section (3) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.
( 5 ) If the local authority are satisfied in a particular case
that there are good reasons for increasing the amount which,
c . 44
1202 Housing Act 1974
PART VII 1969 с. 33.
1971 с. 76.
Intermediate
grants.
apart from this subsection, would constitute the relevant limit,
they may substitute for that amount such higher amount as the
Secretary of State may approve ; and the approval of the
Secretary of State may be given either with respect to a par-
ticular case or with respect to any description of case.
( 6 ) In any case where, after the amount of an improvement
grant has been fixed under subsection ( 1) above, the local autho-
rity, in exercise of their powers under section 63(3) above, sub-
stitute a higher amount as the amount of the estimated expense,
the eligible expense shall be re -calculated under subsection (3)
above and if, on that re -calculation, the amount of the eligible
expense is greater than it was at the time when the application
was approved, —
( a) the amount of the improvement grant shall be increased
accordingly ; and
( b) the local authority shall notify the applicant of the
increased amount of the grant.
( 7 ) In any case where-
( a) an intermediate grant, a repairs grant or a standard
grant ( within the meaning of Part I of the Housing
Act 1969) has been made in respect of a dwelling, and
( b) within the period of 10 years beginning on the date
on which that grant was paid or, if it was paid by
instalments, the date on which the last instalment was
paid , an improvement grant is made in respect of that
dwelling,
the amount which, by virtue of subsection (3) above, would
otherwise be the relevant limit in relation to the improvement
grant shall be reduced by the amount which was the eligible
expense for the purposes of the grant referred to in paragraph
(a ) above or, where that grant was a standard grant (within
the meaning of Part I of the Housing Act 1969) by an amount
determined by reference to the amount of that grant and the
rate at which it was made, namely, twice the amount of the
grant where that rate was one -half and one and one- third times
the amount of the grant where ( by virtue of the Housing Act
1971) that rate was 75 per cent.
( 8) For the purposes of this section, where an improvement
grant is to be paid towards the cost of works required for the
provision of a dwelling all or part of which is in the basement
of a building, the basement shall count as a storey.
Intermediate grants
65.-( 1 ) A local authority shall pay an intermediate grant if-
( a) an application for such a grant, made in accordance
with this Part of this Act, is approved by them ; and
с .44
Housing Act 1974 1203
( b) the conditions for the payment of the grant are fulfilled. PART VII
( 2) An application for an intermediate grant shall-
( a) specify the standard amenity or amenities which it is
intended to provide by the relevant works ; and
( b ) if some only of the standard amenities are specified
as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above, state whether the
dwelling is already provided with the remainder ; and
( c ) contain a statement, with respect to each of the stan-
dard amenities specified as mentioned in paragraph
( a) above, whether, to the best of the knowledge and
belief of the applicant, the dwelling has been without
that amenity for a period of not less than 12 months
ending with the date on which the application is made.
( 3) A local authority shall not approve an application for an
intermediate grant unless they are satisfied, with respect to each
of the standard amenities specified as mentioned in subsection
( 2) (a) above, either-
( a) that the dwelling concerned, except in the case of a
registered disabled person when this subsection shall
not apply, has been without the amenity in question
for a period of not less than 12 months ending with
the date on which the application is made ; or
( b) that the dwelling is provided with the amenity in ques-
tion on the date of the application but the relevant
works, exclusive of those for the provision of that
amenity, involve interference with or replacement of
that amenity and it would not be reasonably practicable
to avoid the interference or replacement.
66.-( 1) A local authority shall not approve an application for Approval of
an intermediate grant unless they are satisfied that, on comple application for
tion of the relevant works, the dwelling or, as the case may be, intermediate
grant
each of the dwellings to which the application relates will attain conditional on
the full standard or, if any of subsections (3) to (5) below applies, dwelling
the reduced standard.
attaining a
particular
( 2) For the purposes of this section a dwelling shall be taken
standard.to attain the full standard if the following conditions are
fulfilled with respect to it , namely, -
( a) that it is provided with all the standard amenities for
the exclusive use of its occupants ; and
( b) that it is in good repair ( disregarding the state of internal
decorative repair) having regard to its age and character
and the locality in which it is situated ; and
c . 44
1204 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII
1957 с. 56.
1961 с. 65.
( c) that it conforms with such requirements with respect to
thermal insulation as may for the time being be speci-
fied by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this
section ; and
( d ) that it is in all other respects fit for human habitation,
construing that expression in accordance with Part II
of the Housing Act 1957 ; and
(e) that it is likely to be available for use as a dwelling for a
period of 15 years or such other period as may for the
time being be specified by the Secretary of State for
the purposes of this subsection.
( 3) Where an application for an intermediate grant contains a
statement, and the local authority are satisfied, that it is not
practicable at reasonable expense for the dwelling to which the
application relates to be provided with all the standard amenities,
they shall dispense with the condition in paragraph (a ) of sub-
section (2) above unless they are satisfied that the dwelling is,
or forms part of, a house or building in respect of which they
could, by a notice under section 15 of the Housing Act
1961 , require the execution of such works as are referred to in
subsection ( 1) of that section.
( 4 ) If it appears to a local authority that it is not practicable
at reasonable expense for a dwelling to which an application
for an intermediate grant relates-
( a) to attain the standard of repair required by the condition
in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 2) above, or
( b) to conform in every respect with the requirements
referred to in paragraph (c) of that subsection, or
( c) to comply with the condition in paragraph (d ) of that
subsection,
the authority may, in the case of that dwelling, dispense with
the condition in question to such extent as will enable them, if
they think fit, to approve the application .
(5) If it appears to a local authority reasonable to do so in the
case of any dwelling to which an application for an intermediate
grant relates, they may in the case of that dwelling vary the
condition in paragraph (e) of subsection ( 2) above by substitut-
ing for the period of 15 years or such other period as may for
the time being be specified as mentioned in that paragraph such
shorter period as appears to them to be appropriate in the
circumstances.
( 6) If, in relation to any dwelling, a local authority by virtue
of subsection (3) , subsection (4) or subsection (5) above dispense,
in whole or in part, with any of the conditions in paragraphs
(a ) to (d ) of subsection (2) above or vary the condition in para
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1205
graph (e) of that subsection, then for the purposes of this section
the dwelling concerned shall be taken to attain the reduced
standard if, subject to any such dispensation or variation, the
conditions in subsection (2) above are fulfilled with respect to it.
PART VII
67.-( 1) Subject to sections 57, 60, 65( 2), 65(3) and 66 above, Local
a local authority shall approve an application for an inter- authority
mediate grant which is duly made in accordance with this Part to approve
of this Act. certain
applications
for inter-
( 2 ) If an application for an intermediate grant is duly made mediate
in accordance with this Part of this Act and the relevant works grants.
consist solely of works which the applicant is required to carry
out by an improvement notice served or an undertaking accepted
under Part VIII of this Act, -
( a ) subsections ( 3) to ( 5 ) of section 57 and sections 60 and
65(2) above shall not apply, and
(b) if it appears to the local authority to whom the applica-
tion is made that, on completion of the relevant works,
the dwelling concerned will not attain the full standard,
they shall be treated as having exercised their powers
under subsections ( 4) and ( 5) of section 66 above and,
where appropriate, as being satisfied as mentioned in
subsection (3) of that section, to such extent as is neces-
sary to secure that on completion of the relevant works
the dwelling will attain the reduced standard,
and subsection ( 1) above shall apply accordingly.
( 3) Where the relevant works specified in an application for
an intermediate grant include works of repair or replacement
which go beyond those needed, in the opinion of the local
authority, for the purposes of enabling the dwelling concerned to
attain the full standard or the reduced standard, as the case may
require, the local authority may, with the consent of the appli-
cant, treat the application as varied so that the relevant works-
( a) are confined to works other than works of repair or
replacement, or
( b) include only such works of repair or replacement as
( taken with the rest of the relevant works) will secure,
in the opinion of the local authority, that the dwelling
will attain the full standard or the reduced standard
as the case may require,
and may approve the application as so varied.
( 4 ) In this section " the full standard " and " the reduced
standard " have the same meanings as in section 66 above.
c . 44
1206 Housing Act 1974
PART VII 68.-( 1) Where a local authority approve an application for an
Determination intermediate grant they shall determine separately-
ofestimated
expense and
( a) the amount of the expenses which in their opinion are
amount of
proper to be incurred for the execution of those of the
intermediate
relevant works which consist of works of repair or
grant.
replacement, and
( b) the amount of the expenses which in their opinion are
proper to be incurred for the execution of those of the
relevant works which relate solely to the provision of
standard amenities,
and shall notify the applicant of the amounts determined by
them under this subsection.
( 2 ) If the applicant satisfies the local authority that the rele-
vant works cannot be or could not have been carried out without
the carrying out of additional works and that this could not have
been reasonably foreseen at the time the application was made,
the local authority may determine a higher amount under either
or both of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) Except in a case or description of case in respect of which
the Secretary of State approves a higher eligible expense, the
eligible expense for the purposes of an intermediate grant shall
be the aggregate of-
( a ) so much of the amount determined under subsection
(1) ( a) above as does not exceed £800 or such other
amount as may be prescribed ; and
( b) so much of the amount determined under subsection
( 1) ( b) above as does not exceed the total of the amounts
specified in the second column of Part I of Schedule 6
to this Act in relation to each of the standard ameni-
ties which are to be provided by the relevant works.
( 4 ) In any case where the relevant works make provision for
more than one standard amenity of the same description, only
one amenity of that description shall be taken into account
under subsections ( 1) to (3) above.
( 5) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, the amount of an inter-
mediate grant shall be the appropriate percentage of the eligible
expense and, together with the notification under subsection ( 1)
above, the local authority shall send to the applicant a notifica-
tion of the amount of the grant.
( 6 ) In any case where, after the amount of an intermediate
grant has been notified to the applicant under subsection
(5) above, the local authority, in exercise of their powers under
subsection ( 2) above, determine a higher amount under either
or both of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 1) above, the
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1207
eligible expenses shall be re-calculated under subsection (3) above and if , on that re - calculation, the amount of the eligible
expense is greater than it was at the time when the application
was approved, -
( a) the amount of the intermediate grant shall be increased
accordingly ; and
( b) the local authority shall notify the applicant of the
increased amount of the grant.
PART VII
Special grants
69.-( 1 ) A local authority shall pay a special grant if-
Special
(a) an application for such a grant, made in accordance grants.
with this Part of this Act, is approved by them, and
( b ) the conditions for the payment of the grant are ful-
filled ,
and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a local
authority may approve an application for a special grant in
such circumstances as they think fit.
(2) An application for a special grant shall specify by how
many households and individuals the house concerned is
occupied and with what standard amenities it is already
provided.
( 3) In its application in relation to special grants, Part II of
Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect as if paragraphs 2 and 3
and, in paragraph 1 , the words " Except as provided by para-
graph 2 below " were omitted.
70.-( 1 ) Where a local authority approve an application for Amount of
a special grant they shall determine the amount of the expenses special
which in their opinion are proper to be incurred for the execution grant.
of the relevant works and shall notify the applicant of that
amount.
( 2) If any of the relevant works are not exclusively for the
purpose of providing one or more of the standard amenities ,
only so much of the cost of carrying out those works as is, in
the opinion of the local authority, attributable to the provision
of the standard amenity or standard amenities shall be taken
into account for the purpose of the determination under sub-
section ( 1 ) above.
( 3) If the applicant satisfies the local authority that the
relevant works cannot be or could not have been carried out
without the carrying out of additional works and that this
could not have been reasonably foreseen at the time the
с . 44
1208 Housing Act 1974
PART VII
Repairs grants.
application was made, the local authority may, subject to sub-
section (2) above, determine a higher amount under subsection
( 1 ) above.
( 4) Except in a case or description of case in respect of which
the Secretary of State approves a higher eligible expense, the
eligible expense for the purposes of a special grant shall be so
much of the amount determined under subsection ( 1 ) above as
does not exceed the aggregate of the amounts specified in the
second column of Part I of Schedule 6 to this Act in relation to
each of the standard amenities which are to be provided by the
relevant works (so that, where the relevant works make provision
for more than one standard amenity of the same description, a
separate amount shall be aggregated for each of those amenities).
( 5) The amount of a special grant shall be such as may be
fixed by the local authority when they approve the application
for the grant but shall not exceed the appropriate percentage of
the eligible expense and, together with the notification under
subsection ( 1) above, the local authority shall send to the appli-
cant a notification of the amount of the grant.
Repairs grants
71.-( 1) A local authority shall pay a repairs grant if—
( a) an application for such a grant, made in accordance with
this Part of this Act, is approved by them, and
( b) the conditions for the payment of the grant are fulfilled,
and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a local
authority may approve an application for a repairs grant in such
circumstances as they think fit.
( 2 ) In considering whether or not to exercise their discretion
to approve an application for a repairs grant, a local authority
shall have regard to the question whether, in their opinion, the
applicant would without undue hardship be able to finance
the cost of the relevant works without the assistance of a repairs
grant.
( 3) A local authority shall not approve an application for a
repairs grant unless they are satisfied-
( a) that the dwelling or, as the case may be, each of the
dwellings to which the application relates is situated
in a general improvement area or a housing action
area, and
( b) that on completion of the relevant works the dwelling
or, as the case may be, each of the dwellings to which
the application relates will attain the relevant standard
of repair.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1209
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the discretion of a local authority PART VII
to approve or decline to approve an application for a repairs
grant, if , in the opinion of the authority, the relevant works are
more extensive than is necessary for the purpose of securing
that the dwelling or, as the case may be, any of the dwellings
to which the application relates will attain the relevant standard
of repair , the authority may, with the consent of the applicant,
treat the application as varied so that the relevant works include
only such works as seem to the authority to be necessary for
that purpose, and may approve the application as so varied.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section a dwelling shall be taken
to attain the relevant standard of repair if it is in good repair
( disregarding the state of internal decorative repair) having
regard to its age and character and the locality in which it is
situated.
72.-( 1 ) Where a local authority approve an application for a Determination
repairs grant they shall determine the amount of the expenses of estimated
which in their opinion are proper to be incurred for the execu- expense and
tion of the relevant works and shall notify the applicant of that amount of
repairs grant.
amount.
( 2) If the applicant satisfies the local authority that the relevant
works cannot be or could not have been carried out without
the carrying out of additional works and that this could not
have been reasonably foreseen at the time the application was
made, the local authority may determine a higher amount under
subsection ( 1 ) above.
(3) Except in a case or description of case in respect of which
the Secretary of State approves a higher eligible expense, the
eligible expense for the purposes of a repairs grant shall be so
much of the amount determined under subsection ( 1) above as
does not exceed £800 or such other amount as may be prescribed.
(4) The amount of a repairs grant shall be such as may be
fixed by the local authority when they approve the application
for the grant but, subject to subsection (5) below, shall not
exceed the appropriate percentage of the eligible expense and,
together with the notification under subsection ( 1) above, the
local authority shall send to the applicant a notification of the
amount of the grant.
( 5) In any case where, after the amount of a repairs grant has
been notified to the applicant under subsection ( 4 ) above, the
local authority, in exercise of their powers under subsection (2)
above, determine a higher amount under subsection ( 1) above,
the eligible expense shall be re- calculated under subsection (3)
above, and if, on that re- calculation, the amount of the eligible
1210 Housing Act 1974
c . 44
PART VII
Conditions
as to future
occupation.
expense is greater than it was at the time when the application
was approved, -
( a) the amount of the repairs grant shall be increased
accordingly ; and
( b) the local authority shall notify the applicant of the
increased amount of the grant.
Grant conditions
73.-( 1 ) Subject to section 83 below, where an application for
an improvement grant, an intermediate grant or a repairs grant
has been approved by a local authority the provisions of this
section shall apply with respect to the occupation, during the
period of 5 years beginning with the certified date (in this section
referred to as " the initial period "), of the dwelling or, as the
case may be, each of the dwellings to which the grant relates.
( 2 ) In any case where the application for the grant was
accompanied by a certificate of owner- occupation with respect
to the dwelling, it shall be a condition of the grant-
( a ) that throughout the first year of the initial period the
dwelling will, as a residence, be occupied exclusively
by, or be available for the exclusive occupation of, a
qualifying person and members of his household (if
any ) ; and
( b) that if, at any time during the second or any subsequent
year of the initial period, the dwelling is not occupied
exclusively as his only or main residence by a qualify-
ing person and members of his household ( if any ), the
dwelling will at that time be let or available for letting
by a qualifying person as a residence, and not for a
holiday, to persons other than members of that person's
family.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, the following are
" qualifying persons " in relation to a dwelling, namely, -
( a ) the applicant for the grant and any person who derives
title to the dwelling through or under the applicant,
otherwise than by a conveyance for value ; and
( b) at any time when personal representatives or trustees as
such are the qualifying person by virtue of paragraph (a)
above, any person who, under the will or intestacy or,
as the case may require, under the terms of the trusts
concerned, is beneficially entitled to an interest in the
dwelling or the proceeds of sale thereof.
( 4 ) In any case where the application for the grant was
accompanied by a certificate of availability for letting with
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1211
respect to the dwelling, it shall be a condition of the grant that, throughout the initial period,
( a) the dwelling will be let or available for letting as a
residence, and not for a holiday, by a qualifying person
to persons other than members of the family of that
qualifying person or any other person who is for the
time being a qualifying person in relation to the
dwelling ; or
( b ) the dwelling will be occupied or available for occupation
by a member of the agricultural population in
pursuance of a contract of service and otherwise than
as a tenant.
( 5 ) In determining, in a case where subsection (2) above
applies, whether there is a breach of the condition specified in
that subsection, there shall be disregarded any period of not
more than 12 months during which that condition is not fulfilled
if-
PART VII
( a) that period begins on the death of a qualifying person
who, immediately before his death, was occupying the
dwelling concerned as his residence ; and
( b) throughout that period an interest in the dwelling or
the proceeds of sale thereof, being either the interest
which belonged to the deceased or an interest which
arose or fell into possession on his death, is vested in
his personal representatives acting in that capacity or in
trustees as such or, by virtue of section 9 of the
Administration of Estates Act 1925, in the Probate 1925 c. 23.
Judge, within the meaning of that Act.
( 6 ) In any case where subsection (1) above applies, it shall
be a condition of the grant that if , at any time within the
initial period, the local authority by whom the grant was paid
serve notice on the owner of the dwelling requiring him to do
so, the owner shall, within the period of 21 days beginning
with the date on which the notice is served, furnish to the
authority a certificate giving such information as the autho
rity may reasonably require with respect to the occupation of
the dwelling, and for this purpose it shall also be a condition
of the grant that, if required to do so by the owner of the
dwelling, any tenant of the dwelling will furnish the owner
with such information as he may reasonably require to enable
him to furnish the certificate to the authority.
74.-( 1 ) Subject to section 83 below, where an application Power
for an improvement grant, an intermediate grant or a repairs of local
grant is approved by a local authority then , subject to sub- authorities to
impose grantsection ( 3) below, the authority may and, in the case of aconditions.
c . 44
1212 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII dwelling or dwellings situated in an area which, on the date on
which the application is approved, is a housing action area, a
general improvement area or a priority neighbourhood, they
shall impose, with respect to the dwelling or, as the case may
be, each of the dwellings to which the grant relates, the con-
ditions specified in subsection ( 2) below as conditions of the
grant, but may impose no other condition in relation to the
approval or making of the grant, whether the condition purports
to operate by way of a condition of the grant, a personal
covenant or otherwise .
( 2 ) The conditions referred to in subsection ( 1) above are
( a ) that the dwelling will be let or available for letting on
a regulated tenancy or a Part VI contract ;
( b) that, if the local authority by whom the grant in ques-
tion was paid serve notice on the owner of the dwell-
ing requiring him to do so, the owner will within the
period of 21 days beginning with the date on which
the notice is served furnish to the authority a certi-
ficate that the condition set out in paragraph (a) above
is being fulfilled ;
( c) that, if required to do so by the owner of the dwelling,
any tenant of the dwelling will furnish the owner with
such information as he may reasonably require for the
purpose of enabling him to comply with the condition
set out in paragraph (b) above ;
( d ) that, if on the certified date there is no registered rent
for the dwelling and no such application or reference
is pending, an application for the registration of a rent
for the dwelling will be made to the rent officer before
the expiry of the period of 14 days beginning on the
relevant day or, as the case may require, the Part VI
contract will be referred to the rent tribunal for the
district in question before the expiry of that period ;
(e) that any such application or reference as is referred to
in paragraph (d ) above which is either pending on the
certified date or made as mentioned in that paragraph
will be diligently proceeded with and not withdrawn ;
and
( f ) that no premium shall be required as a condition of the
grant, renewal or continuance on or after the certified
date of any lease, agreement for a lease or Part VI
contract of or relating to the dwelling.
(3) To the extent that a grant relates to a dwelling-
( a) in which a registered housing association or an unregis-
tered housing association falling within section 18 ( 1) (b)
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1213
of this Act has an estate or interest on the date on
which the application for the grant is approved ( in
this subsection referred to as " the approval date "),
or
( b) in respect of which a certificate of owner- occupation has
been given and which has not at any time during the
period of 12 months immediately preceding the
approval date been let in whole or in part for residen-
tial purposes, or
( c ) which is occupied or available for occupation by a
member of the agricultural population in pursuance
of a contract of service and otherwise than as a tenant ,
no condition may be imposed under this section as a condition
of the grant.
( 4 ) In this section-
" Part VI contract " has the same meaning as in Part VI
of the Rent Act 1968 ;
" premium " has the same meaning as in Part VII of that
Act;
" registered rent " means, -
( a ) in relation to a dwelling which is subject to,
or available for letting on, a regulated tenancy, a
rent registered under Part IV of that Act ; and
( b) in relation to a dwelling which is let, or avail-
able for letting, on a Part VI contract, a rent regis-
tered in the register kept under section 74 of that
Act ;
" regulated tenancy " has the same meaning as in that Act ;
and
" relevant day ", in relation to a dwelling for which there
is no registered rent on the certified date, means the
first day, not being earlier than the certified date, on
which the dwelling is or becomes subject to a regulated
tenancy or let on a Part VI contract.
PART VII
1968 с. 23.
75.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall apply in any case Enforceability
where, under or by virtue of any provision of this Part of this and registra-
66
Act, a condition (in this section referred to as a grant condi- tion ofgrant conditions.
tion ") is imposed as a condition of a grant.
( 2 ) If and so long as a grant condition remains in force-
( a) it shall be binding on any person, other than a housing
authority or registered housing association, who is for
the time being the owner of the dwelling to which the
grant relates ; and
c . 44
1214 Housing Act 1974
PART VII
1925 с. 22.
Repayment of
grant for
breach of
condition.
( b) it shall be enforceable against all other persons having
any interest in that dwelling as if it were a condition
of the terms of every lease, agreement for a lease or
statutory tenancy of, or of property including, that
dwelling.
( 3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, a grant condition shall be
in force throughout the period of 5 years beginning on the
certified date.
( 4 ) If, on the date on which an application for a grant is
approved, the dwelling to which the grant relates is in a housing
action area, subsection (3) above shall have effect, except in the
case of a grant condition imposed under section 73 above, with
the substitution for the words " 5 years " of the words " 7
years".
( 5) Agrant condition shall be treated as not being registrable
by virtue of section 15 of the Land Charges Act 1925 (either
as, or as if it were, a local land charge) but, as soon as may be
after an application for a grant has been approved, any condition
of that grant shall be registered in the register of local land
charges-
( a) by the proper officer, for the purposes of section 15 of
the Land Charges Act 1925, of the council in whose
area the dwelling concerned is situated, and
( b) in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under
section 19 of that Act,
and in this subsection " council ” means a district council, a
London borough council or the Common Council of the City
of London.
( 6 ) In this Part of this Act " the certified date ", in relation
to a dwelling in respect of which an application for a grant
has been approved, means the date certified by the local autho-
rity by whom the application was approved as the date on which
the dwelling first becomes fit for occupation after the completion
of the relevant works to the satisfaction of the local authority.
76.-( 1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in the
event of a breach of a condition of a grant (in this section
referred to as " the relevant grant ") at a time when the condition
is binding on the owner of the dwelling concerned by virtue of
section 75(2) above.
(2) Where the relevant grant related to a single dwelling, an
amount equal to the amount of the relevant grant, together with
compound interest thereon as from the certified date, calculated
at the appropriate rate and with yearly rests, shall, on being
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1215
demanded by the local authority forthwith become payable to PART VII
the authority by the owner for the time being of the dwelling.
( 3) Where the relevant grant related to two or more dwellings,
an amount equal to such part of the relevant grant as appears
to the authority to be referable to the dwelling to which the
breach relates, together with compound interest on that part as
from the certified date, calculated at the appropriate rate and
with yearly rests, shall, on being demanded by the local
authority, forthwith become payable to the authority by the
owner for the time being of that dwelling.
( 4 ) Nothing in subsection ( 2) or, as the case may be, sub-
section ( 3) above shall prevent a local authority from deter-
mining not to demand any such amount as is referred to in that
subsection or from demanding an amount less than that which
they are entitled to demand under that subsection.
( 5 ) Upon satisfaction of the liability of an owner of a dwelling
to make a payment under this section to a local authority in
respect of a breach of a condition of a grant, the condition
shall cease to be in force with respect to that dwelling.
( 6 ) In this section " the appropriate rate " means the rate of
interest for the time being fixed by subsection (2) of section 171
of the Local Government Act 1972 for the purposes of the 1972 c. 70.
enactments specified in subsection ( 1) of that section.
77.- ( 1 ) If, at any time while a condition of a grant remains Voluntary
in force, the owner of the dwelling to which the condition repayment
relates or a mortgagee of the interest of the owner in that dwell- of grants.
ing, being a mortgagee entitled to exercise a power of sale, pays
to the local authority by whom the grant was made the like
amount as would ( on ademand by the local authority) become
payable under section 76 above in the event of a breach of that
condition, all conditions of the grant shall cease to be in force
with respect to that dwelling.
( 2 ) Any amount paid under subsection ( 1) above by a
mortgagee shall be treated as part of the sum secured by the
mortgage and may be discharged accordingly.
( 3) The purposes authorised for the application of capital
money-
( a) by section 73 of the Settled Land Act 1925 and by that 1925 c. 18.
section as applied by section 28 of the Law of Property 1925 с. 20.
Act 1925 in relation to trusts for sale, and
( b) by section 26 of the Universities of College Estates 1925 c. 24.
Act 1925,
shall include the payment to a local authority under subsection
( 1) above of the amount mentioned in that subsection in respect
of a dwelling.
c . 44
1216 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII
Contributions
by Secretary
ofState
towards
grants .
Contributions
78.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may make a contribution
towards the expense incurred by a local authority in making a
grant.
( 2) The contributions shall be a sum payable annually for a
period of 20 years beginning with the financial year in which the
works towards the cost of which the grant was made were
completed, equal to the relevant percentage of the annual loan
charges referable to the amount of the grant.
( 3 ) In subsection (2) above " the relevant percentage "
means-
( a) in a case where, on the date on which the application
for the grant concerned is approved, the premises to
which the application relates are in a general improve-
ment area or a housing action area, 90 per cent. , and
( b) in any other case, 75 per cent.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by order made with the
consent of the Treasury vary either or both of the percentages
specified in subsection ( 3) above, and any such variation shall
have effect with respect to applications for grants approved after
such date as may be specified in the order .
(5) An order under subsection ( 4) above-
( a ) shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been
approved by a resolution of the Commons House of
Parliament ; and
(b ) shall not specify a date earlier than the date of the
laying of the draft .
( 6) For the purposes of this section " the annual loan
charges " referable to the amount of a grant means the annual
sum which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall
to be provided by a housing authority for the payment of interest
on, and the repayment of, a loan of that amount repayable over
a period of 20 years .
( 7) In any case where, on the date on which the application
for a grant is approved, the premises to which the application
relates are in an area declared by the local authority concerned
to be a housing action area and, after that date, the Secretary
of State notifies the local authority that the area is no longer
to be such an area, or that land on which the premises are
situated is to be excluded from the area, he may, without
prejudice to his discretion under subsection (1) above not to
make a contribution under this section, make such a contribu-
tion on the basis that the relevant percentage is 75 per cent.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1217
79.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may pay contributions (in PART VII
this section referred to as " improvement contributions ") to Payment of
housing authorities towards the expenses incurred by them in- improvement contributions
( a) the provision of dwellings by the conversion of houses to housing
or other buildings, or
authorities.
( b) the improvement of dwellings,
in such circumstances as appear to him to be sufficiently similar
to those in which an improvement grant might be paid by a local
authority had the provision or improvement been by a person
other than a housing authority.
(2) The Secretary of State may pay an improvement contribu-
tion with respect to any dwellings if an application therefor
containing such estimates and particulars as he may require is
made by a housing authority and approved by him.
(3) Where the Secretary of State approves an application for
an improvement contribution, he shall determine the amount
of the expenses which, in his opinion, are proper to be incurred
by the housing authority for the execution of any works required
for the provision or improvement of the dwellings .
( 4 ) The eligible expense for the purposes of an improvement
contribution shall be so much of the amount determined under
subsection (3) above as does not exceed the amount arrived at
by taking, for each dwelling provided or improved, £2,000.
(5) The improvement contribution shall be a sum payable
annually for a period of 20 years, beginning with the financial
year in which the works required for the provision or improve-
ment of the dwellings are completed, equal to 37.5 per cent. of
the annual loan charges referable to the eligible expense.
(6) Subsection (6 ) of section 78 above shall apply for the
purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that.
80. If a local authority-
Statement of
reasons for
(a) do not approve an application for a grant, or
refusing
( b) fix the amount of an improvement grant, a special application for
grant or a repairs grant at less than the appropriate grant or fixing
grant at less
percentage of the eligible expense within the meaning than the
of section 64, section 70 or, as the case may be, section maximum.
72 above,
they shall state to the applicant in writing their reasons for
doing so.
Part II I
c . 44
1218 Housing Act 1974
PART VII
81.-( 1) In relation to a grant or an application therefor, any
Grants
reference in the preceeding provisions of this Part of this Act
restricted to
and in subsection (2) below to the applicant shall be construed,
applicant and in relation to any time after his death, as a reference to his
his personal
personal representatives.
representa- tives .
( 2) If, before the certified date, an applicant for a grant
ceases to have such an interest as is referred to in section 57(3)
above, -
(a ) no grant shall be paid or, if any instalment of the grant
was paid before the applicant ceased to have such an
interest , no further instalments shall be paid ; and
( b) any instalment of the grant which has been paid to
the applicant shall, on being demanded by the local
authority who approved the application for the grant,
forthwith become repayable to them by the applicant
together with interest thereon from the date on which
it was paid until repayment at the rate for the time
being fixed by subsection ( 2) of section 171 of the
1972 с. 70.
Local Government Act 1972 for the purposes of the
enactments specified in subsection ( 1) of that section.
Payment
ofgrants.
82.-( 1) In approving an application for a grant a local
authority may require as a condition of paying the grant that
the relevant works are carried out within such time, not being
less than 12 months, as the authority may specify or such
further time as they may allow.
(2) Where a local authority are satisfied under section 63(3),
section 68(2), section 70( 3) or section 72(2) above that the
relevant works cannot be or could not have been carried out
without the carrying out of additional works, they may, without
prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, allow further time as the
time within which the relevant works and the additional works
are to be carried out.
( 3) A grant may be paid after the completion of the works
towards the cost of which it is payable or part of it may be
paid in instalments as the works progress and the balance after
the completion of the works.
( 4) Where a grant is paid in instalments the aggregate of
the instalments paid shall not at any time before the com-
pletion of the works exceed one half of the aggregate cost of
the works executed up to that time.
( 5) The payment of a grant or of any part thereof shall be
conditional upon the works or the corresponding part of the
works being executed to the satisfaction of the local authority.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1219
( 6 ) If an instalment of a grant is paid before the completion PART VII
of the works and the works are not completed within the time
specified in subsection ( 7) below, that instalment and any
further sums paid by the local authority as part of the grant
shall, on being demanded by the authority, forthwith become
repayable to them by the person who made the application
for the grant or his personal representatives and shall carry
interest from the date on which it was paid until repayment
at the rate for the time being fixed by subsection ( 2) of section
171 of the Local Government Act 1972 for the purposes of the 1972 c. 70.
enactments specified in subsection (1) of that section.
(7) Where the local authority have specified no time under
subsection ( 1 ) above for the completion of the works, the time
referred to in subsection (6) above is 12 months from the date
on which the instalment is paid or such further time as the
authority may allow ; and where they have specified a time
under subsection ( 1) above or allowed further time under that
subsection or subsection ( 2) above the time referred to in sub-
section (6) above is the time so specified or allowed.
83.-( 1 ) Sections 57( 3), 60, 73 and 74 above shall not apply Special
in relation to- provisions as
( a) an application for a grant in respect of glebe land oretc.
to parsonages,
the residence house of an ecclesiastical benefice made,
during a period when the benefice is vacant, by a
sequestrator of the profits thereof ; or
( b) an application for a grant made by a charity or on
behalf of a charity by the charity trustees thereof.
( 2) Section 57( 3) above shall not apply in relation to land
which is proposed to be sold or leased under section 105(2) of
the Housing Act 1957 (power to dispose of land for the purpose 1957 c. 56.
of carrying out works in connection with work on an adjoining
house) to the applicant for a grant.
84. In this Part of this Act-
" agricultural population " means-
( a) persons whose employment or latest employ-
ment is or was employment in agriculture or in an
industry mainly dependent on agriculture, and
( b ) the dependants of such persons,
66
and for this purpose agriculture " includes dairy-
farming and poultry - farming and the use of land as
grazing, meadow or pasture land, or orchard or osier
land or woodland, or for market gardens or nursery
grounds ;
" appropriate percentage " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 59 above ;
Interpretation
of Part VII.
12
c .44
1220 Housing Act 1974
PARTVII
1960 с. 58.
1965 с. 59.
" certificate of owner- occupation " and " certificate of
availability for letting " have the meanings assigned to
them by section 60 above ;
" certified date " has the meaning assigned to it by section
75( 6) above ;
" charity " and " charity trustees " have the same meanings
as in the Charities Act 1960 ;
" grant " means a grant of a description specified in section
56( 2) above ;
" housing authority ود
means a local authority, the council
of a county, the Greater London Council, the Com-
mission for the New Towns or a redevelopment corpora-
tion within the meaning of the New Towns Act 1965 ;
" improvement " includes alteration and enlargement, and
any reference to works required for the provision or
improvement of a dwelling (whether generally or in any
particular respect ) includes a reference to any works
of repair or replacement needed ( in the opinion of
the person paying any grant or contribution) for the
purpose of enabling the dwelling to which the
improvement relates to attain the relevant standard ;
" let " includes " sub- let " ;
" local authority ", -
( a) in relation to premises in a general improve-
ment area or a housing action area, means the
council by whom the area was declared to be such
an area ; and
( b) in relation to any other premises, means
the council of a district or London borough or the
Common Council of the City of London ;
" owner ", in relation to a dwelling, means the person who-
( a ) is for the time being entitled to receive from
a lessee of the dwelling, or would be so entitled if
the dwelling were let, a rent of not less than two-
thirds of the net annual value of the dwelling ; and
(b) is himself not liable, as a lessee of, or of any
property which includes, the dwelling, to pay to a
superior landlord a rent of not less than two-thirds
of the net annual value of the property of which he
is such a lessee ;
" prescribed" means prescribed by order made by the
Secretary of State ;
" the relevant standard " means-
( a ) in relation to an improvement grant, the
required standard referred to in section 61 above ;
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1221
( b) in relation to an intermediate grant, the full PART VII
standard or, as the case may require, the reduced
standard referred to in section 66 above ; and
(c) in relation to a repairs grant, the relevant
standard of repair referred to in section 71 above ;
" the relevant works " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 57 (2)(b) above ;
" standard amenities " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 58 above.
PART VIII
COMPULSORY IMPROVEMENT OF DWELLINGS
Dwellings in general improvement areas and housing action
areas
85.-( 1 ) If it appears to the local authority by whom a general Provisional
improvement area or a housing action area has been declared notice of local
authority's
that a dwelling in that area—
proposals for
( a) is without one or more of the standard amenities,
whether or not it is also in a state of disrepair, and
imp improvement ofdwelling.
( b) is capable at reasonable expense of improvement to the
full standard or, failing that, to the reduced standard,
and
( c) was provided (by erection or by the conversion of a
building already in existence) before 3rd October 1961 ,
then, subject to subsection ( 3) below, the authority may serve a
notice under subsection (2) below on the person having control
of the dwelling.
(2) A notice under this subsection (in the following pro-
66
visions of this Part of this Act referred to as a provisional
notice ") shall-
(a) specify the works which in the opinion of the local
authority are required for the dwelling to be improved
to the full standard or, as the case may be, to the
reduced standard ; and
(b) state the date, being a date not less than 21 days after
service of the provisional notice, and time and place
at which the authority's proposals for the carrying out
of the works, any alternative proposals, any proposed
housing arrangements, the views and interests of the
occupying tenant (if any) and any other matters may
be discussed.
13
c .44
1222 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII ( 3) A local authority may not serve a provisional notice in
respect of a dwelling which is owner- occupied unless it appears
to them that the circumstances are such that it is not reasonably
practicable for another dwelling-
( a) which is in the same building as, or is adjacent to, the
dwelling which is owner- occupied, and
( b) which is not owner- occupied or in respect of which an
application for a grant under Part VII of this Act has
been approved,
to be improved to the full standards or, as the case may be,
to the reduced standard without effecting the improvement to
one of those standards of the dwelling which is owner-occupied.
( 4) A local authority shall, not less than 21 days before the
date stated in a provisional notice as mentioned in subsection
( 2)(b) above, in addition to serving the notice on the person
having control of the dwelling, serve a copy of the notice on the
occupying tenant (if any) of the dwelling and on every other
person who, to the knowledge of the local authority, is an
owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling ; and the person
having control of the dwelling, the occupying tenant (if any)
and every other person who is an owner, lessee or mortgagee
of the dwelling shall be entitled to be heard when the authority's
proposals are discussed in accordance with the notice.
( 5) After the service of a provisional notice and before taking
any other action under this Part of this Act, a local authority
shall take into consideration all representations made on or
before the occasion when their proposals with respect to the
dwelling are discussed in accordance with the notice and, in
particular, any representations with respect to the nature of
the works proposed by them for improving the dwelling or with
respect to any proposed housing arrangements .
Housing 86 .-( 1) In this Part of this Act " housing arrangements ",
arrangements. in relation to a dwelling falling within section 85(1) above,
means arrangements falling within subsection (2) below and
making provision for the housing of an occupying tenant of
the dwelling and his household-
( a ) during the period when improvement works are being
carried out, or
(b ) after the completion of those works, or
( c ) during that period and after completion of those works,
and for any matters incidental or ancillary thereto.
( 2) The arrangements referred to in subsection (1) above are
arrangements contained in a written agreement to which the
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1223
occupying tenant and either or both of his landlord and the local authority concerned are parties .
PART VIII
87.- (1) In any case where an improvement notice has notAcceptance of
yet been served in respect of a dwelling falling within subsection undertakings
(1) of section 85 above, the local authority referred to in that to doworks.
subsection may, subject to subsection (3) below, accept from the
person having control of the dwelling or from any other person
having an estate or interest in the dwelling an undertaking
in writing to improve the dwelling to the full standard or, if in
the opinion of the local authority it is not practicable at reason-
able expense for the dwelling to be improved to the full standard.
to the reduced standard.
( 2) The undertaking shall specify the works agreed to be
carried out and the period within which ( subject to any varia-
tion by the local authority as mentioned in subsection (4 ) ( a)
below ) the works are to be carried out , being a period ending
not more than 9 months after the date on which the undertaking
is accepted.
( 3) Before accepting an undertaking under this section with
respect to any dwelling, the local authority shall satisfy
themselves-
( a ) that , if there is an occupying tenant, the housing
arrangements are satisfactory or no housing arrange-
ments are required and the undertaking incorporates
the written consent of the occupying tenant signed by
him, to the carrying out of the works specified in the
undertaking ; and
( b) that the person giving the undertaking has a right to
carry out the works specified in the undertaking as
against all other persons having an estate or interest
in the dwelling.
( 4 ) Where a local authority accept an undertaking under this
section with respect to any dwelling, they shall serve a notice
to that effect on the person by whom the undertaking was given
and shall not thereafter serve an improvement notice with
respect to that dwelling-
( a) unless any works specified in the undertaking are not
carried out within the period so specified, or within
such longer period as the local authority may by
permission in writing have allowed ; or
( b) unless the local authority are satisfied that, owing to a
change of circumstances since the undertaking was
accepted by them, the undertaking is unlikely to be
fulfilled.
14
c . 44
1224 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
Conditions for
service of
improvement
notices.
( 5) A local authority who have accepted an undertaking
under this section-
( a) shall discharge the undertaking if at any time they
consider that the dwelling no longer falls within
paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) of
section 85 above, and
( b) may discharge the undertaking in any other case,
and the discharge of an undertaking under this subsection shall
be effected by serving a notice of the discharge on the person
by whom the undertaking was given.
( 6) Where a local authority serve a notice under subsection
( 4) or subsection (5) above on the person by whom an under-
taking was given, they shall at the same time serve a copy of
the notice on the person (if any) who is at that time the
occupying tenant of the dwelling and on every other person
who, to the knowledge of the authority, is at that time an
owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling.
88.-( 1 ) If a local authority have served a provisional notice
in respect of a dwelling and-
( a) no undertaking has yet been accepted in respect of the
dwelling under section 87 above, or
( b) such an undertaking has been accepted but paragraph
( a) or paragraph (b) of subsection ( 4) of section 87
above applies,
the local authority may, subject to the following provisions of
this section, serve an improvement notice on the person having
control of the dwelling.
(2) Before serving an improvement notice in respect of any
dwelling by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, a local authority
shall satisfy themselves-
( a) that the dwelling continues to be in a general improve-
ment area or a housing action area ; and
b) that the provisions of paragraphs ( a ) and (b) of sub-
section ( 1 ) of section 85 above still apply in relation
to the dwelling ; and
( c ) that the dwelling is not for the time being owner-
occupied or that the circumstances specified in sub-
section (3) of that section apply or still apply in
relation to it ; and
( d ) if there is an occupying tenant, that the housing arrange-
ments are satisfactory or that no housing arrange-
ments are required or that the occupying tenant has
unreasonably refused to enter into any housing
arrangements .
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1225
( 3) An improvement notice may not be served in respect of any dwelling by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, -
( a) if paragraph ( a) of that subsection applies, more than
9 months after the service of the provisional notice
referred to in that subsection ; and
( b) if paragraph (b) of that subsection applies, more than
6 months after the expiry of the period specified in
the undertaking mentioned in that paragraph or, as
the case may be, such longer period as the local
authority may by permission in writing have allowed
for the completion of the works specified in the
undertaking.
( 4) Where, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, a local authority
serve an improvement notice on the person having control of
a dwelling, they shall at the same time serve a copy of the
notice on the occupying tenant (if any) of the dwelling and on
every other person who, to the knowledge of the authority, is
an owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling.
PART VIII
Dwellings outside general improvement areas and
housing action areas
89.- (1) An occupying tenant of a dwelling which-
Compulsory
( a) is not in a general improvement area or a housing action improvement
area, and ofdwellings
outside
(b) is without one or more of the standard amenities, general
whether or not it is also in a state of disrepair, and improvement
(c) was provided (by erection or by the conversion of housing areas and
a building already in existence) before 3rd October action areas.
1961,
may make representations in writing to the local authority for
the area in which the dwelling is situated with a view to the
exercise by the authority of their powers under this section.
( 2) A local authority shall notify the person having control of
the dwelling of any representations made to them under sub-
section ( 1) above.
( 3) If, on taking the representations into consideration, the
local authority are satisfied-
( a) that the person making the representations is an occupy-
ing tenant of the dwelling in question, and
( b) that the provisions of paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection
(1) above apply in relation to the dwelling, and
( c ) that the dwelling is capable at reasonable expense of
improvement to the full standard or, failing that, to the
reduced standard, and
c .44
1226 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII ( d ) that , having regard to all the circumstances, the dwell-
ing ought to be improved to the full standard or, as
the case may be, to the reduced standard, and that it
is unlikely that it will be so improved unless the local
authority exercise their powers under this section,
the following provisions of this section shall apply.
( 4 ) If the local authority are satisfied as mentioned in sub-
section (3) above, they shall either-
( a ) serve a provisional notice on the person having control
of the dwelling, or
( b ) notify the occupying tenant of the dwelling of their
decision not to serve a provisional notice and give him
a written statement setting out their reasons for making
that decision,
and where a provisional notice is served by virtue of paragraph
( a) above, the provisions of subsections ( 4) and ( 5) of section 85
above shall apply accordingly and the dwelling shall be treated
for the purposes of section 86 above as being one falling within
section 85( 1 ) above.
( 5 ) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, in any case where-
( a) representations have been made to a local authority
under subsection (1) above, and
(b) as a result of those representations, a provisional notice
has been served by virtue of subsection ( 4)(a) above,
the local authority may, at any time before the expiry of the
period of 12 months beginning with the date on which the
representations were received by them, serve an improvement
notice on the person having control of the dwelling ; and sub-
section (4) of section 88 above shall apply as it applies in relation
to an improvement notice served by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) of
that section.
(6 ) Before serving an improvement notice in respect of a
dwelling by virtue of subsection ( 5 ) above, a local authority shall
satisfy themselves-
( a) that the provisions of paragraphs (b) to ( d ) of subsection
( 3) above still apply in relation to the dwelling ; and
( b) that the housing arrangements are satisfactory or that
no housing arrangements are required or that the
occupying tenant has unreasonably refused to enter
into any housing arrangements.
( 7) The power of serving a provisional notice by virtue of
subsection (4)(a) above and of taking any further steps autho-
rised under this Part of this Act may be exercised by a local
authority notwithstanding that the occupying tenant who made
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1227
representations under subsection ( 1) above quits the dwelling PART VIII
and notwithstanding that, after the occupying tenant has made
those representations, the authority pass a resolution declaring
an area in which the dwelling is situated to be a general
improvement area or a housing action area.
General provisions as to improvement notices
90.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a Improvement
notice under this section (in this Part of this Act referred to notices:
as an " improvement notice ") shall-
content and
registration.
( a) specify the works which in the opinion of the local
authority are required to improve the dwelling to the
full standard or, as the case may be, to the reduced
standard;
( b ) state the authority's estimate of the cost of carrying
out those works ; and
( c ) require the person having control of the dwelling to
carry out to the authority's satisfaction the works speci-
fied in the notice within the period of 12 months begin-
ning with the date when the improvement notice
becomes operative or such longer period as the
authority may by permission in writing from time to
time allow.
( 2) The works specified in an improvement notice may be
different from the works specified in the provisional notice but
shall not require the improvement of a dwelling to the full
standard if the provisional notice specified works for improving
the dwelling only to the reduced standard.
( 3) In an improvement notice which requires the improve-
ment of a dwelling only to the reduced standard the local
authority may, if they think fit , substitute for the period of
12 months specified in paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) above
such shorter period as appears to them to be appropriate.
( 4 ) As soon as may be after an improvement notice has been
served it shall be registered in the register of local land charges-
( a ) by the proper officer, for the purposes of section 15
of the Land Charges Act 1925, of the council in 1925 c. 22.
whose area the dwelling concerned is situated, and
( b) in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under
section 19 of that Act,
and in this subsection " council " means a district council, a
London borough council or the Common Council of the City
ofLondon.
c . 44
1228 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
91.-( 1 ) Within 6 weeks from the service on the person
Appeals
having control of the dwelling of an improvement notice, that
against
person, the occupying tenant (if any) of the dwelling or any
improvement other person having an estate or interest in the dwelling may
notices.
appeal to the county court against the improvement notice in
accordance with the following provisions of this section.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the grounds on which
an appeal may be brought under this section are all or any of
the following, —
( a) that it is not practicable to comply with the require-
ments of the improvement notice at reasonable
expense ;
( b) that the local authority have refused unreasonably to
approve the execution of alternative works, or that
the works specified in the notice are otherwise
unreasonable in character or extent ;
( c) that the dwelling is within an area declared to be a
1957 с. 56.
clearance area under Part III of the Housing Act 1957
and, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,
it would be unreasonable for the local authority to
require the works specified in the improvement notice to
be carried out ;
( d ) that the dwelling is not, or is no longer, without one or
more of the standard amenities ;
( e) that, in a case where the improvement notice requires the
improvement of the dwelling to the full standard, the
works specified in the notice are inadequate to secure
that the dwelling will attain that standard ;
( f ) that some person other than the appellant will, as the
holder of an estate or interest in the dwelling (whether
or not that estate or interest entitles him to occupa-
tion ) , derive a benefit from the execution of the works
and that that person ought to pay the whole or part
of the cost of the execution of the works ;
( g) that the improvement notice is invalid on the ground
that any requirement of this Part of this Act has
not been complied with or on the ground of some
informality, defect or error in or in connection with
the improvement notice .
(3) Without prejudice to the grounds on which he may appeal
by virtue of subsection (2) above, -
(a) an owner-occupier may bring an appeal under this
section on the ground that the local authority are in
error in considering that the circumstances specified
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1229
in section 85(3) above exist in relation to the dwelling ; PART VIII
and
( b) the occupying tenant may bring an appeal under this
section on the ground that the condition in section
88(2) (d ) above or, as the case may be, section 89(6) (b)
above for the service of the improvement notice is
not fulfilled.
( 4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, on an
appeal under this section the court may make such order either
confirming or quashing or varying the improvement notice as
the court thinks fit.
(5) An improvement notice shall not be varied on an appeal
under this section-
( a) so as to extend the period within which the works
specified in the notice are to be carried out ; or
( b) so as to require the carrying out of works to improve
a dwelling to the full standard if the works specified
in the notice were works to improve the dwelling to
the reduced standard ; or
( c ) so as to require the carrying out of works to improve
a dwelling to the reduced standard if the work speci-
fied in the notice were works to improve the dwelling
to the full standard.
( 6) Where an appeal is brought under this section on the
grounds specified in paragraph ( f ) of subsection (2) above (with
or without other grounds), the court may on hearing of the
appeal make such order as it thinks fit with respect to the pay-
ment to be made by the other person referred to in that para-
graph to the appellant or where, by virtue of section 93 below,
the works are carried out by the local authority to the local
authority.
( 7) In so far as an appeal under this section is based on the
ground that the improvement notice is invalid, the court shall
confirm the improvement notice unless satisfied that the interests
of the appellant have been substantially prejudiced by the facts
relied on by him.
92.-( 1 ) If no appeal is brought against an improvement notice Operative
under section 91 above, the notice shall become operative at effect and
the expiry of the period of 6 weeks beginning with the date of withdrawal of
improvement
the service of the notice on the person having control of the notices.
dwelling, and any improvement notice against which an appeal
is so brought shall, if and so far as it is confirmed by the county
court, or on appeal from the county court, become operative on
the final determination of the appeal.
c .44
1230 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII ( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above the withdrawal of
an appeal shall be deemed to be the final determination thereof,
having the like effect as a decision confirming the improve-
ment notice or decision appealed against.
( 3) An improvement notice shall, subject to the right of appeal
conferred by section 91 above, be final and conclusive as to any
matters which could be raised on any such appeal.
( 4) A local authority may, if they think fit , at any time with-
draw an improvement notice by serving notice of the withdrawal
on the person having control of the dwelling, and the local
authority shall serve a copy of any such notice on the occupier
of the dwelling (if different from the person having control of it)
and on every other person who, to the knowledge of the
authority, is an owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling.
Enforcement of 93.-(1) If the works to be carried out in compliance with an
improvement improvement notice have not been carried out in whole or in
notices. part within the period specified in the notice, or within such
longer period as the local authority by whom the notice was
served may by permission in writing have allowed, the authority
may themselves carry out so much of the works as has not been
completed.
( 2 ) If before the expiry of the period mentioned in subsection
(1) above the person who is for the time being the person having
control of the dwelling notifies the local authority in writing
that he does not intend or is unable to do the works in question,
the authority may, if they think fit, do the works before the
expiry of that period.
(3) If the local authority by whom an improvement notice was
served have reason to believe that the person who is for the time
being the person having control of the dwelling does not intend
or is unable to do the works in question in compliance with the
notice , -
( a) the authority may, before the expiry of the period
mentioned in subsection (1) above, but not earlier than
6 months after the date on which the improvement
notice becomes operative, serve on that person a notice
requiring him to furnish them, within 21 days of the
service of the notice, with evidence of his intentions
with respect to the carrying out of the works ; and
( b) if , from any evidence furnished to them in pursuance of a
notice under paragraph (a) above or otherwise, the
authority are not satisfied that that person intends to
carry out the works in compliance with the notice, they
may, if they think fit, do the works before the expiry of
the period mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1231
( 4 ) Not less than 21 days before beginning to do the works the local authority shall serve notice of their intention on the occu-
pier of the dwelling, on the person having control of the dwell-
ing and on every other person who, to the knowledge of the
authority, is an owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling.
PART VIII
94.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and (3) below, any expenses Recovery of
reasonably incurred by a local authority under section 93 expenses
above in carrying out works may, except so far as they are by incurred by
local
any direction of the court on appeal recoverable under an order authority on
of the court, be recovered by them by action from the person default under
having control of the dwelling.
improvement
notice.
( 2) A demand for the expenses recoverable by a local
authority under subsection ( 1) above, together with interest
thereon in accordance with subsection (3) below, shall be served
on the person having control of the dwelling ; and on the date
on which a demand is so served, the local authority shall serve
a copy of the demand on every other person who, to the know-
ledge of the authority, is an owner, lessee or mortgagee of the
dwelling concerned.
( 3) Expenses in respect of which a demand is served under
subsection (2) above shall carry interest-
( a ) from the date on which the demand is so served until
payment of all sums due thereunder, and
( b ) at the rate fixed by section 171 ( 2) of the Local Govern- 1972 c. 70.
ment Act 1972 ( rates of interest in relation to various
sums due to local authorities).
( 4 ) The amount of any expenses and interest thereon due to an
authority under this section shall, as from the date when the
demand under subsection (2) above becomes operative, be a
charge on the premises in respect of which the expenses were
incurred, and on all estates and interests in those premises, and
the authority shall for the purpose of enforcing that charge have
all the same powers and remedies under the Law of Property 1925 c. 20.
Act 1925 and otherwise as if they were mortgagees by deed
having powers of sale and lease, of accepting surrenders of
leases and of appointing a receiver ; and the power of appoint-
ing a receiver under this subsection shall be exercisable at any
time after the expiry of one month from the date when the
said demand becomes operative.
(5) Within 21 days from the date of service of a demand under
subsection (2) above, any person on whom the demand or a
copy thereof was so served may appeal to the county court
against the demand, but on such an appeal no question may be
raised which might have been raised on an appeal against the
improvement notice relating to the dwelling in question.
c. 44
1232 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
Charging
orders in
favour of
persons carrying
out works.
1957 с. 56.
Provisions as
to carrying
out of works.
( 6 ) A demand served under subsection ( 2 ) above-
( a ) against which no appeal is brought under subsection
( 5) above shall become operative on the expiry of 21
days from the date of service of the demand,
(b) against which an appeal is so brought shall, if and
so far as it is confirmed on appeal, become operative
on the final determination of the appeal,
and for the purposes of this subsection the withdrawal of an
appeal shall be deemed to be the final determination thereof,
having the like effect as a decision confirming the demand
appealed against.
( 7) A demand served under subsection (2 ) above shall, sub-
ject to the right of appeal conferred by subsection (5) above, be
final and conclusive as to any matters which can be raised on
such an appeal.
95. Sections 14 and 15 of the Housing Act 1957 (charging
orders in favour of owner executing works) shall apply as if any
reference to works required to be executed by a notice under
Part II of that Act included a reference to works required to
be carried out by an improvement notice, and in the applica-
tion of those sections by virtue of this section any reference
to a house or the owner of a house shall be construed as a
reference to a dwelling, within the meaning of this Part of this
Act, or, as the case may require, the person having control of
it, within the meaning of this Part .
Supplementary
96.-( 1 ) The person having control of any premises-
( a ) which consist of or include a dwelling in a general
improvement area or a housing action area which is
without all or any of the standard amenities, or
(b) which consist of or include a dwelling in respect of
which representations have been made by the occupy-
ing tenant under section 89 above,
shall, as against the occupying tenant of the dwelling and any
other person having an estate or interest in the premises, have
the right to enter the premises in order to carry out any survey
or examination required with a view to providing the dwelling
with any of the standard amenities and, where appropriate, of
putting it in good repair ( disregarding internal decorative repair)
having regard to its age and character and the locality in which
it is situated.
(2 ) On and after the date on which an improvement notice in
respect of a dwelling becomes operative, the person having
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1233
control of the dwelling shall have the right, as against the PART VIII
occupying tenant (if any) of the dwelling and any other person
having an estate or interest in the premises which consist of or
include the dwelling, to take any reasonable steps for the pur-
pose of complying with the improvement notice ; and any person
bound by an undertaking accepted under this Part of this Act
shall have the right as against the occupying tenant (if any) of
the dwelling to which the undertaking relates to take any
reasonable steps for the purpose of complying with the under-
taking.
( 3) Section 161 of the Housing Act 1957 (penalty for 1957 c. 56.
preventing execution of works) shall apply as if-
( a) any reference in that section to Part II of that Act
included a reference to this Part of this Act ;
( b) the reference therein to receiving notice of the intended
action included a reference to receiving an improve-
ment notice or a copy thereof ; and
( c) any reference therein to the owner of any premises
included a reference to the person having control
thereof .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, the carrying
out of works in pursuance of an improvement notice or an
undertaking accepted under this Part of this Act shall not give
rise to any liability on the part of a lessee to reinstate any
premises at any time in the condition in which they were before
the works were carried out, or to any liability for failure so to
reinstate the premises .
97.-( 1 ) Section 159 of the Housing Act 1957 (powers of Further
entry of local authorities for certain purposes) shall apply to powers and
duties of local
entry for the purpose of survey and examination of any dwelling authorities .
with a view to ascertaining whether the requirements of an
improvement notice served, or undertaking accepted, under this
Part of this Act have been complied with, and section 160 of
that Act (penalty for obstructing execution of Act) shall apply
accordingly.
( 2 ) A local authority may by agreement with a person
having control of a dwelling or any other person having an
estate or interest in a dwelling execute at his expense any
works which that person is required to carry out in the dwelling
in pursuance of an improvement notice served, or undertaking
accepted, under this Part of this Act, and for that purpose the
local authority shall have all such rights as that person would
have as against the occupying tenant (if any) of the dwelling and
any other person having an interest in the dwelling.
c . 44
1234 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
Consequential
modifications
ofAgri-
cultural
Holdings
Act 1948.
1948 с. 63.
Exclusion of
dwellings
controlled
by Crown
or a public
authority.
(3) Where under this Part of this Act a local authority are
required to serve a copy of a notice on any person who, to
their knowledge, is an owner, lessee or mortgagee of any dwell-
ing, any person having an estate or interest in the dwelling who
is not served with a copy of the notice shall, on application in
writing to the local authority, be entitled to obtain a copy of
thatnotice.
98. ( 1 ) Section 9 of the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948 (in-
creases of rent for improvements carried out by landlord) shall
apply, subject to subsection (2) below, as if references in sub-
section ( 1) of that section to improvements carried out at the
request of the tenant included references to improvements
carried out in compliance with an improvement notice or an
undertaking accepted under this Part of this Act.
( 2) Where a tenant has contributed to the cost incurred by
his landlord in carrying out such an improvement as is referred
to in subsection (1 ) above, the increase in rent provided for by
the said section 9 shall be reduced proportionately.
( 3) Any works carried out in compliance with an improve-
ment notice or an undertaking accepted under this Part of this
Act shall be included among the improvements specified in
paragraph 8 of Schedule 3 to the Agricultural Holdings Act
1948 ( tenant's right to compensation for erection, alteration or
enlargement of buildings), but subject to the power conferred
by section 78 of that Act to amend that Schedule ; and section
49 of that Act (tenant's right to compensation conditional on the
landlord consenting to the carrying out of the improvements)
shall not apply to any works carried out in compliance with such
a notice or undertaking .
( 4) Where a person other than the tenant claiming compensa-
tion has contributed to the cost of carrying out the works in
compliance with an improvement notice or an undertaking
accepted under this Part of this Act, compensation in respect
of the works, as assessed under section 48 of the Agricultural
Holdings Act 1948, shall be reduced proportionately.
99.-( 1 ) No provisional notice or improvement notice may
be served in respect of a dwelling in which there is a Crown or
Duchy interest except with the consent of the appropriate autho-
rity and, where a provisional notice or improvement notice is
served with the consent of the appropriate authority, this Part of
this Act shall apply in relation to the dwelling as it applies in
relation to a dwelling in which there is no such interest.
( 2) No provisional notice or improvement notice may be served
in respect of a dwelling if the person having control of the
dwelling is-
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1235
(a ) a local authority ;
PART VIII
(b ) the Commission for the New Towns ;
( c ) the Housing Corporation ;
( d ) a registered housing association ;
( e ) a development corporation within the meaning of the
New Towns Act 1965 ; or
( f ) a housing trust as defined in section 5( 3) of the Rent 1968 c. 23.
Act 1968 which is a charity within the meaning of the
Charities Act 1960. 1965 с. 59.
1960 с. 58.
(3) If, after a provisional notice or an improvement notice
has been served in respect of any dwelling, 一
( a) any such body as is mentioned in paragraphs (a ) to ( f )
of subsection ( 2) above becomes the person having
control of the dwelling, or
( b) in the case of a dwelling in which there is a Crown or
Duchy interest, the appropriate authority becomes the
person having control of the dwelling,
any such notice with respect to the dwelling and any under-
taking accepted under this Part of this Act with respect to the
dwelling shall cease to have effect .
( 4 ) If, by virtue of subsection (3) above, an improvement
notice with respect to any dwelling ceases to have effect, it shall
be the duty of the body which or person who has become the
person having control of the dwelling as mentioned in that sub-
section to notify the officer who registered the notice in the
register of local land charges and to furnish him with all informa-
tion required by him for the purpose of cancelling the registration .
( 5) In this section " Crown or Duchy interest " means an
interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of
the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall
or belonging to a government department, or held in trust for
Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, and
" the appropriate authority ", —
( a) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of
the Crown and forming part of the Crown Estate,
means the Crown Estate Commissioners, and, in rela-
tion to any other land belonging to Her Majesty in
right of the Crown, means the government department
having the management of that land ;
( b) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right
of the Duchy of Lancaster, means the Chancellor of
the Duchy ;
( c ) in relation to land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall,
means such person as the Duke of Cornwall, or the
possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall.
appoints ; and
с . 44
1236 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
( d ) in relation to land belonging to a government depart-
ment or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes
of a government department, means that department ;
and if any question arises as to what authority is the appropriate
authority in relation to any land, that question shall be referred
to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final.
( 6) In this section " local authority " includes , in addition to
the bodies which, by virtue of section 104( 1) below, are local
authorities for the purposes of this Part of this Act, -
( a ) a county council ;
( b) the Greater London Council ;
( c ) a parish or community council ;
( d ) the trustees of the Honourable Society of the Inner
Temple ;
( e ) the trustees of the Honourable Society of the Middle
Temple ;
( f ) the police authority for any police area ; and
( g ) any joint board or joint committee all the constituent
members of which are local authorities for the purposes
of this section.
Duty of local
100.-( 1) Any person who is liable to incur expenditure in
authority to
offer loans
complying with an improvement notice served, or undertaking
to meet
accepted, under this Part of this Act, or who is liable to make
expenses of
a payment as directed by a court under section 91( 6) above,
compulsory improvement.
may apply to the local authority for a loan.
(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if the
local authority are satisfied that the applicant for a loan can
reasonably be expected to meet obligations assumed by him in
pursuance of this section in respect of a loan of the amount of
the expenditure or payment to which the application relates,
the local authority shall offer to enter into a contract with the
applicant for a loan by the local authority to the applicant of that
amount, to be secured to the local authority by a mortgage of
the applicant's interest in the dwelling concerned.
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if the
local authority are not satisfied as mentioned in subsection (2)
above but consider that the applicant can reasonably be
expected to meet obligations assumed by him in pursuance of
this section in respect of a loan of a smaller amount, the local
authority may, if they think fit, offer to enter into a contract
with the applicant for a loan by the local authority to the
applicant of that smaller amount, to be secured as mentioned
in subsection (2) above.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1237
( 4 ) Any contract entered into by a local authority under this
section shall contain a condition to the effect that, if an improve-
ment grant or intermediate grant becomes payable under Part
VII of this Act in respect of the expenditure or payment to
which the application under this section relates, the local autho
rity shall not be required to lend a sum greater than the amount
of the expenditure or payment to which the application relates
after deduction of the amount of the improvement grant, or, as
the case may be, the intermediate grant.
( 5) A local authority shall not make an offer under the
preceding provisions of this section unless they are satisfied-
( a ) that the applicant's interest in the dwelling concerned
amounts to an estate in fee simple absolute in
possession or an estate for a term of years which will
not expire before the date for final repayment of the
loan ; and
( b) that, according to a valuation made on behalf of the
local authority, the amount of the principal of the loan
does not exceed the value which it is estimated that
the mortgaged security will bear after improvement
of the dwelling to the full standard or, as the case may
be, to the reduced standard.
( 6 ) The rate of interest payable on a loan under this section
shall be such as the Secretary of State may direct either generally
or in any particular case and the Secretary of State may, if he
thinks fit, give directions, either generally or in any particular
case, as to the time within which a loan under this section, or
any part of such a loan, is to be repaid.
( 7 ) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the
contract offered by a local authority under this section shall
require proof of title and contain such other reasonable terms
as the local authority may specify in their offer and, in particu-
lar, may provide for the advance being made by instalments
from time to time as the works specified in the improvement
notice progress .
( 8) An application under this section shall be made in writing
within the period of 3 months beginning with the date when
the improvement notice becomes operative or the undertaking is
accepted or the payment is to be made as directed by the court,
as the case may be, or such longer period as the local authority
by permission given in writing may allow.
(9) Where an improvement grant or intermediate grant is
payable under Part VII of this Act partly in respect of expendi-
ture or a payment to which the application under this section
relates and partly in respect of other expenditure or another
payment, the references in subsection ( 4 ) above to an inter-
PART VIII
c . 44
1238 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII mediate grant or an improvement grant shall be taken as a
reference to the part of the intermediate grant or improvement
grant which in the opinion of the local authority is attributable
to the expenditure or payment to which the application under
this section relates.
Right of
101.-( 1 ) Where a local authority have served an improvement
person served with
notice under this Part of this Act on the person having control
improvement
of a dwelling, that person may, by notice in writing served on
notice to serve the local authority at any time within the period of 6 months
purchase notice. beginning with the date on which the improvement notice
becomes operative, require the local authority to purchase his
interest in the dwelling in accordance with this section.
( 2 ) Where the person having control of a dwelling serves a
notice on a local authority under subsection ( 1 ) above
( a) the authority shall be deemed to be authorised under
1957 с. 56.
and for the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act
1957 to acquire that person's interest in the dwelling
compulsorily and to have served a notice to treat in
respect of that interest on the date of the service of
the notice under subsection ( 1) above ; and
1961 с. 33 .
(b) the power conferred by section 31 of the Land Com-
pensation Act 1961 to withdraw a notice to treat shall
not be exercisable in the case of the notice to treat
which is deemed to have been so served .
(3) Within 21 days of the receipt of a notice under subsection
(1) above served by the person having control of a dwelling
the local authority shall notify every other person who, to their
knowledge, is an owner, lessee or mortgagee of the dwelling or
who is the occupier thereof.
Effect of an
102. If, after an undertaking has been accepted under this
area ceasing
Part of this Act in respect of a dwelling or an improvement
to be a general notice has been served in respect of a dwelling by virtue of
improvement
area or
section 88( 1 ) above, the general improvement area or housing
housing action action area in which the dwelling is situated ceases to be such an
area after area or the land on which the dwelling is situated is excluded
improvement from such an area, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall
notice is
served .
continue to apply in relation to that undertaking or notice as if
the dwelling continued to be in a general improvement area or
housing action area declared by the local authority by whom
the undertaking was accepted or, as the case may be, the notice
was served.
Service of
notices, etc.
1964 с. 56.
103.-( 1 ) In section 102( 1) of the Housing Act 1964 (where a
local authority are under a duty to serve a notice on a person
described in a particular way, the local authority are to take
reasonable steps to identify the person coming within that
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1239
description ) for the words 66
or Part II , Part III " there shall be PART VIII
substituted the words " Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974 " .
( 2 ) In section 103(1) of the Housing Act 1964 ( method of 1964 c. 56.
service of notices, etc.) after the words " those Acts " there shall
be inserted the words " or under Part VIII of the Housing Act
1974".
( 3) In section 103( 2 ) of the Housing Act 1964 (service of
notices, etc. where more than one person comes within the
description of the person to be served) for the words " Part II ",
in the last place where they occur, there shall be substituted
the words " Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974 " .
104.- ( 1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpretation
of Part VIII.
requires, -
" the full standard " has the same meaning as it has for
the purposes of section 66 of this Act (intermediate
grants ) ;
" housing arrangements " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 86 above ;
" improvement " includes alteration and enlargement and,
so far as also necessary to enable a dwelling to reach
the full standard or the reduced standard, repair, and
improved " shall be construed accordingly ;66
" improvement notice " means a notice under section 90
above ;
" lessee " includes any person entitled, at law or in equity,
to a tenancy or any other term of years certain, whether
in possession or in reversion ;
" local authority " , subject to section 99( 6) above, has the
same meaning as in Part VII of this Act ;
" occupying tenant ", in relation to a dwelling, means the
person who is not an owner- occupier, but who-
( a ) occupies or is entitled to occupy the dwelling
as a lessee ; or
( b ) is a statutory tenant of the dwelling, within
the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 ; or
1968 с. 23 .
(c) occupies the dwelling as a residence under a
Part VI contract, within the meaning of Part VI of
the Rent Act 1968 (furnished lettings) ; or
( d ) is employed in agriculture (as defined in section
17(1) of the Agricultural Wages Act 1948 ) and 1948 c. 47.
occupies or resides in the dwelling as part of the
terms of his employment ;
c . 44
1240 Housing Act 1974
PART VIII
1948 с. 47.
1967 с. 88.
1957 с. 56.
" owner ", in relation to a dwelling, means the person who,
otherwise than as a mortgagee in possession, is for the
time being entitled to dispose of the fee simple in the
dwelling ;
" owner-occupier " , in relation to a dwelling, means the
person who, as owner or as lessee under a long tenancy,
occupies or is entitled to occupy the dwelling, and
" owner- occupied " shall be construed accordingly ;
" the person having control ", in relation to a dwelling
shall be determined in accordance with subsection (2 )
below ;
" provisional notice " means a notice under section
85(2) above ;
" the reduced standard " has the same meaning as it has
for the purposes of section 66 of this Act (inter-
mediate grants) ;
" standard amenities " has the same meaning as in Part
VII of this Act.
(2) References in this Part of this Act to the person having
control of a dwelling shall be construed as follows : -
( a) if the dwelling is owner- occupied, the person having
control of it is the owner-occupier ;
(b) if there is an occupying tenant of the dwelling and he
is a person employed in agriculture (as defined in
section 17( 1 ) of the Agricultural Wages Act 1948) who
occupies or resides in the dwelling as part of the
terms of his employment, the employer or other person
by whose authority the occupying tenant occupies or
resides in the dwelling is the person having control
of it; and
( c) in any other case, the person who has control of a
dwelling is the person who is either the owner of it
or the lessee of it under a long tenancy and whose
interest in the dwelling is not in reversion on that of
another person who has a long tenancy.
(3) Section 3 of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 ( meaning
of " long tenancy ") shall apply for the purposes of subsections
( 1) and (2) above as it applies for the purposes of Part I of that
Act .
( 4) References in the following provisions of the Housing
Act 1957 to that Act shall be construed as including a reference
to this Part of this Act, that is to say-
(a) section 169 (service of notices etc. on persons other
than local authorities) ;
Housing Act 1974 1241
c . 44
( b ) section 170 (power of local authority to require infor-
mation as to ownership of premises) ;
( c ) section 178 (power of Secretary of State to prescribe
information, etc.) ; and
( d ) section 179 (dispensation with advertisements and
notices).
PART VIII
PART IX
MISCELLANEOUS
105.-( 1) A housing authority may not incur any expenses Secretary
in- of State's
control over
( a) providing dwellings by the conversion of houses or certain
other buildings , or
expenditure by
( b) carrying out works required for the improvement of housing
dwellings, with or without associated works of repair, in England authorities
except in accordance with proposals submitted by the authority and Wales.
to the Secretary of State and for the time being approved by
him.
( 2) Any approval given by the Secretary of State under sub-
section ( 1) above may be given subject to such conditions, and
may be varied in such circumstances, as appear to him to be
appropriate, but before varying the terms of any such approval
the Secretary of State shall consult the housing authority
concerned.
( 3) In this section " housing authority " and " dwelling " have
the same meanings as in Part VII of this Act.
106.-( 1 ) For the year 1975-76 and subsequent years, Lodging-
buildings, or parts of buildings, provided or converted for use houses and
hostels
as lodging-houses (that is to say, houses not occupied as separate provided
dwellings ) or as hostels shall be included among the buildings by local
to which the requirements in subsection ( 1) of section 12 of the authorities
Housing Finance Act 1972 relate and, accordingly, subsection and new town
( 2 ) of that section shall cease to have effect except with respect corporations
to years prior to the year 1975-76 .
inEngland
and Wales.
( 2 ) No payment shall be made for the year 1975-76 or any
1972 с. 47.
subsequent year to a local authority or a new town corporation-
( a) under section 40 of the Housing Act 1949 (Exchequer 1949 c. 60.
contributions for hostels),
( b) under section 15 or section 22 of the Housing ( Finan- 1958 c. 42.
cial Provisions) Act 1958 (grants for hostels),
c . 44
1242 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
1972 с. 47.
1959 с. 62.
1965 с. 59.
1967 с. 29.
1957 с. 56.
Hostels
provided
by housing
authorities
in Scotland.
Abolition of
clearance
orders, etc.
( c ) under section 92 of the Housing Finance Act 1972
( hostel subsidy) , or
( d ) so far as it relates to hostels, under any provision of the
New Towns Act 1959 or the New Towns Act 1965,
nor shall any such payment be made by virtue of section 14(6) of
the Housing Subsidies Act 1967 ; and in this section " local
authority " has, in relation to any of the enactments specified
in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, the same meaning as in that
enactment and " new town corporation " has the meaning
assigned to it by section 106 of the Housing Finance Act 1972 .
( 3) For the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act 1957
66
housing accommodation " shall include, and be deemed always
to have included, hostels ( within the meaning of this Act ) , and
any reference in that Part to a house shall be, and shall be
deemed always to have been, construed accordingly.
( 4 ) In accordance with the preceding provisions of this section,
Schedule 1 to the Housing Finance Act 1972 ( the Housing
Revenue Account) shall be amended in accordance with Schedule
7 to this Act.
( 5 ) In this section " year " means a financial year, and " the
year 1975-76 " means the financial year beginning in 1975.
107. For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of State to
make grants to housing authorities within the meaning of
section 5(3) (c) of this Act in respect of their expenditure on
housing projects relating to hostels, such an authority shall be
treated as a registered housing association, and sections 29(1)
to (7) , 30( 1 ) to ( 7), 33 and 35 of this Act shall apply accordingly,
but otherwise for the said purpose Parts I to III of this Act shall
not apply.
108.-( 1 ) The power of a local authority for the purposes of
the Housing Act 1957 to make a clearance order under Part III
of that Act (clearance and re- development) for the demolition of
any building in a clearance area-
( a ) shall not be available with respect to any clearance
area declared on or after the commencement date ; and
( b) shall cease to be available with respect to any other
clearance area after the expiry of the period of 12
months beginning on the commencement date.
( 2 ) In the application of section 60 of the Housing Act 1957
( payments in respect of well-maintained houses in clearance
areas) in relation to a house which is the subject of a com-
pulsory purchase order or a clearance order made on or after
the commencement date, for subsection ( 1 ) of that section there
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1243
shall be substituted the subsections set out in Schedule 9 to
PART IX
thisAct.
( 3) This section shall come into operation at the expiry
of the period of one month beginning with the date on which
this Act is passed, and any reference in subsections ( 1) and (2)
above to the commencement date is a reference to the day on
which this section comes into operation.
109.- ( 1) In sections 110 to 115 the reference to an English General
enactment includes a reference to the corresponding Scottish interpretation
of sections
enactment, and the corresponding Scottish enactments, except 110 to 115 for
where the context otherwise implies or provides, are as follows- Scotland.
( a ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to Part III of the
Housing Act 1957 are Part III of the Housing ( Scot- 1957 c. 56.
land) Act 1966 and Part I of the Housing ( Scotland) 1966 c. 49.
Act 1969 ;
1969 с. 34.
( b) the corresponding Scottish enactments to sections 54
and 55 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 1971 с. 78.
are respectively sections 52 and 53 of the Town and 1972 c. 52.
Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1972 ;
( c ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 5 of the
Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 is section 17 of the 1965 c. 56.
Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 ;
1845 с. 19.
( d ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 9 of
the Housing Act 1957 are section 11 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 and section 24 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969 ;
( e ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to Part V of
the Housing Act 1957 is Part VII of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
( f ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to Part VI of the
Town and Country Planning Act 1971 is Part VI of
the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland) Act 1972 ;
( g ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 60 of,
and Schedule 2 to, the Housing Act 1957 are section
49 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 and section 11
of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1969 ;
( h) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 8 of
the Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c. 42.
1972 is section 9 of that Act ;
( i ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to Schedule 2 to
the Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act
1972 is Schedule 3 to that Act ;
( j ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to Schedule 3 to
the Housing Act 1957 is Schedule 3 to the Housing 1957 c. 56.
( Scotland ) Act 1966 by virtue of section 7( 3) of the 1966 с. 49.
Housing (Scotland) Act 1969 ; 1969 с. 34.
1244 Housing Act 1974
с . 44
PART IX
1957 с. 56.
1966 с. 49.
1969 с. 34.
1947 с. 42.
1965 с. 56.
1845 с. 19.
1961 с. 33 .
1963 с. 51 .
1969 с. 33.
1973 с. 26.
1973 с. 56.
1961 с. 33 .
( k ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 43 ( 2)
of the Housing Act 1957 are section 37 of the Housing
( Scotland) Act 1966 and section 6 of the Housing (Scot-
land ) Act 1969 ;
( 1 ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 49
of the Housing Act 1957 are section 41 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 and section 9 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969,
( m ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 169
of the Housing Act 1957 are section 5(3) of, and para-
graph 19 of Schedule 1 to, the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland ) Act 1947 ;
( n ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to Schedule 4 to
the Housing Act 1957 are paragraphs 6, 15 and 16
of Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1947, and the corre-
sponding Scottish enactment to paragraph 1 of the
said Schedule 4 is the said paragraph 6 ;
( o ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 30 of
the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 is paragraph 19
of Schedule 1 to the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisa-
tion Procedure) ( Scotland) Act 1947 ;
( p ) the corresponding Scottish enactments to section 22 of
the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 are sections 117 and
118 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)
Act 1845 ;
( q ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 32 of
the Land Compensation Act 1961 is section 40 of the
Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1963 ;
( r) the corresponding Scottish enactments to the reference
to section 68 of and Schedule 5 to the Housing Act
1969 are sections 18 to 20 of the Housing (Scotland)
Act 1969.
(s) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 37 of
the Land Compensation Act 1973 is section 34 of the
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1973 ;
( t ) the corresponding Scottish enactment to section 30 of
the Land Compensation Act 1961 is section 38 of the
Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963.
( 2) (a) The expression " clearance area " includes a housing
treatment area which is to be dealt with by securing
the demolition of all or some of the buildings in that
area under section 4(2) (a) or 4(2) (c) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969 ;
(b) " mortgagee " means the creditor in a heritable
security.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1245
110.- (1 ) In this section references to a compulsory purchase
PART IX
order are to a compulsory purchase order made ( at any time Listed
before or after the coming into operation of this section) under buildings
Part III of the Housing Act 1957. subject to
compulsory
(2) Where a building to which a compulsory purchase order purchase
applies is ( at any time after the making of the order) included orders under
Part III of
in a list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest the Housing
under section 54 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971, Act 1957.
the authority making the order may, subject to subsection ( 3) 1957 c. 56.
below, apply to the Secretary of State ( and only to him ) under 1971 c. 78.
section 55 of the Act of 1971 for his consent to the demolition
of the building.
( 3) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
section (2) above after the expiry of the period of three months
beginning with the date-
( a) on which the building is included in the said list, or
(b) on which this section comes into force,
whichever is the later.
( 4) The following provisions of this section shall have effect
where-
( a ) an application for consent has been made under the
said section 55, by virtue of subsection (2) above, and
has been refused, or
( b) in a case falling within subsection ( 3) above, the period
of three months has expired without the authority
having made such an application,
and in this section " relevant date " means the date of the
refusal or, as the case may be, of the expiry of the period of
three months.
( 5 ) If, at the relevant date-
( a) the building has not vested in the authority, and
( b) no notice to treat has been served by the authority
under section 5 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965, 1965 с. 56.
in respect of any interest in the building,
the compulsory purchase order shall cease to have effect in
relation to the building and, where applicable, the building shall
cease to be comprised in a clearance area.
(6) Where a building, which was included in a clearance area
solely by reason of its being unfit for human habitation, ceases
to be comprised in the clearance area by virtue of subsection (5)
above, the authority concerned shall, in respect of the building,
forthwith-
(a ) serve a notice under section 9 of the Act of 1957 (power
of local authority to require repair of unfit houses), or
c .44
1246 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
1965 с. 56.
Listed
buildings in
clearance
areas,
acquiredby
agreement.
1957 с. 56.
1971 с. 78.
( b) make a closing order under Part II of that Act,
whichever is appropriate ; and in the application of this sub-
section to Scotland the words from " solely " to " habitation "
shall be omitted.
( 7) Where subsection (5) above does not apply, the authority
shall cease to be subject to the duty imposed by Part III of the
Act of 1957 to demolish the building, and in relation to any
interest in the building which at the relevant date has not vested
in the authority the compulsory purchase order shall have
effect as if-
(a ) in the case of a house, it had been made and confirmed
under Part V of the Act of 1957, and
( b) in any other case, it had been made and confirmed
under Part VI of the Act of 1971.
( 8) If the building, or any interest in the building, was vested
in the authority at the relevant date it shall be treated-
( a) in the case of a house, as appropriated to the purposes
of Part V of the Act of 1957, and
( b) in any other case, as appropriated to the purposes of
Part VI of the Act of 1971 .
( 9) As respects a building falling within subsection ( 2) above,
the authority shall not serve notice to treat under section 5
of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 in respect of the building
until after the relevant date.
111.-( 1 ) Where Part III of the Housing Act 1957 applies
to a building purchased by a local authority by agreement,
and at any time ( before or after the coming into operation of
this section) the building is included in a list of buildings of
special architectural or historic interest under section 54 of the
Town and Country Planning Act 1971, the authority may, subject
to subsection (2) below, apply to the Secretary of State ( and
only to him) under section 55 of the Act of 1971 for his consent
to the demolition of the building.
( 2 ) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) above after the expiry of the period of three months
beginning with the date-
( a ) on which the building is included in the said list, or
(b) on which this section comes into force,
whichever is the later.
( 3) where-
( a) an application for consent has been made under the said
section 55, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above ; and has
been refused, or
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1247
( b) the period of three months mentioned in subsection ( 2) above has expired without the authority having made
such an application,
the authority shall cease to be subject to the duty, imposed by
Part III of the Act of 1957, to demolish the building, which
shall be treated-
(i) in the case of a house, as appropriated to the purposes
of Part V of the Act of 1957, and
(ii ) in any other case, as appropriated to the purposes of
Part VI of the Act of 1971 .
PART IX
112.- (1) In this section references to a " clearance order " Temporary
are to a clearance order made (at any time before or after the provision for
listed
coming into operation of this section ) under Part III of the buildings
Housing Act 1957. subject to clearance
( 2) Where a building to which a clearance order applies is, orders.
at any time after the confirmation of the order, included in a 1957 c. 56.
list of buildings of special architectural or historic interest under
section 54 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971, the 1971 c. 78.
authority making the order may, subject to subsection ( 3) below,
apply to the Secretary of State (and only to him ) under section
55 of the Act of 1971 for his consent to the demolition of the
building.
(3) No such application may be made by virtue of sub-
section (2) above after the expiry of the period of three months
beginning with the date-
( a ) on which the building is included in the said list, or
(b) on which this section comes into force,
whichever is the later.
( 4 ) Where-
(a) an application for consent has been made under the
said section 55, by virtue of subsection (2) above, and
has been refused, or
( b) the period of three months mentioned in subsection (3)
above has expired without the authority having made
such an application,
the building shall cease to be comprised in a clearance area or
to be subject to the clearance order.
(5) Where a building, which was included in a clearance area
solely by reason of its being unfit for human habitation, ceases
to be comprised in the clearance area by virtue of subsection ( 4)
c . 44
1248 Housing Act 1974
PART IX 1969 с. 33.
above, the authority concerned shall, in respect of the building,
forthwith-
( a ) serve a notice under section 9 of the Act of 1957
( power of local authority to require repair of unfit
house ) or
( b) make a closing order under Part II of that Act,
whichever is appropriate ; and in the application of this sub-
section to Scotland the words from " solely " to " habitation "
shall be omitted.
(6) Where a payment in respect of a house has been made by
a local authority under section 60 of, or Schedule 2 to, the Act
of 1957, or Schedule 5 to the Housing Act 1969, in connection
with a clearance order, and by virtue of this section the house
is excluded from the clearance area, then, if the person to whom
the payment was made is entitled to an interest in the house he
shall, subject to subsection ( 7 ) below, repay the payment to the
authority on demand.
(7) No repayment shall be required by virtue of subsection
(6) above in a case where the authority have made a closing
order in respect of the house and-
( a ) no appeal has, within the time allowed, been made
against the making of the order, or
( b) such an appeal has been made and has failed.
Application
113. ( 1) Sections 110, 111 and 112 above shall, with the
ofprovisions about listed
modifications mentioned in subsection ( 2) below, have effect
buildings to
in relation to buildings subject to directions made and confirmed
buildings in conservation
under section 8 of the Town and Country Planning (Amendment)
Act 1972 (control of demolition in conservation areas in England
areas.
and Wales) as they have effect in relation to listed buildings .
1972 с. 42.
( 2) The modifications subject to which those sections are to
have effect by virtue of subsection (1) above are-
1971 с. 78 .
(a) for references to section 55 of the Town and Country
Planning Act 1971 there shall be substituted references
to that section as applied by Schedule 2 to the Act
of 1972 ; and
(b) for references to a building being included in a list
under section 54 of the Act of 1971 there shall be
substituted references to a building being subject to a
direction made and confirmed under section 8 of the
Act of 1972.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1249
114.-(1 ) This section applies to any building comprised in a PART IX
clearance area under Part III of the Housing Act 1957 which- Temporary provision for
(a ) at any time before the date on which this section comes rehabilitation
into operation, has been purchased by agreement by of unfit
the local authority in whose area the clearance area houses.
falls, or
1957 с. 56.
(b) is subject to a compulsory purchase order-
(i) made at any time before that date under the
said Part III , and
(ii) which, at any time before the expiry of the
period of three months beginning with that date, has
been confirmed in accordance with Schedule 3 to
the Act of 1957 .
( 2) Where any building to which this section applies-
(a ) was included in the clearance area solely by reason of
its being unfit for human habitation, and
( b) in the opinion of the authority concerned is capable
of being, and ought to be, improved to the full
standard ,
the authority may, subject to the provisions of this section and
of Schedule 10 to this Act, make and submit to the Secretary
of State an order under this section (a " rehabilitation order ")
in relation to that building.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above " full standard " in England and
Wales means the standard attained by a dwelling in respect of
which the conditions mentioned in section 66(2) of this Act are
fulfilled and in Scotland means the standard specified by virtue
of section 16( 3) of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974 ; and in 1974 c. 45.
the application to Scotland of subsection ( 2)(a) above the words
from " solely " to " habitation " shall be omitted.
( 4) Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose
of supplementing the provisions of this section.
115.-(1 ) It is hereby declared that where, under section 110 Compensa-
above, or Schedule 10 to this Act, a compulsory purchase order tion .
is to be treated as made under Part V of the Housing Act 1957
or Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 com- 1971 с. 78.
pensation for the compulsory acquisition of the land comprised
in the compulsory purchase order is to be assessed in accordance
with the provisions applying to a compulsory acquisition under
the said Part V (or, as the case may be, the said Part VI) .
( 2 ) Where under section 110 above, or Schedule 10 to this
Act, land or any interest in land within a clearance area is to be
treated as appropriated by a local authority to the purposes of
K
c . 44
1250 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
the said Part V, compensation for its compulsory acquisition
shall (where it increases the amount) be assessed or reassessed
in accordance with the provisions applying to a compulsory
acquisition under the said Part V.
( 3) Where under section 111 above or Schedule 10 to this
Act, any interest in land acquired by a local authority by agree-
ment (after the declaration of the clearance area) is to be treated
as appropriated for the purposes of the said Part V-
(a) compensation shall (where subsection (2) above would
have increased the amount ) be assessed and paid as
if the acquisition were a compulsory acquisition, under
the said Part III, to which subsection ( 2) applied, but
(b) there shall be deducted from the amount of compensa-
tion so payable any amount previously paid in respect
of the acquisition of that interest by the authority.
(4) Where subsection (2) or subsection (3) above applies, the
local authority shall serve on the person entitled to the com-
pensation a notice in the prescribed form giving particulars of
the amount of compensation payable in accordance with the
provisions applying to a compulsory acquisition under the said
Part V, and if the person served does not within twenty-one days
from service of the notice accept the particulars, or if he
disputes the amount stated, the question of disputed compensa-
tion shall be referred to the Lands Tribunal.
(5) The notice shall be served not later than six months after
(as the case may be)-
(a ) the relevant date as defined in section 110 above, or
( b) confirmation of the rehabilitation order,
1965 с. 56.
and section 30 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 (service of
notices) shall apply to the notice.
(6) Subsection (2) above shall be left out of account in con-
sidering whether under section 22 of the Compulsory Purchase
Act 1965 compensation has been properly paid for the land ;
and accordingly subsection (2) above shall not prevent an
acquiring authority from remaining in undisputed possession
ofthe land.
( 7) Where subsection (2) above makes an increase in com-
pensation to be assessed in accordance with Schedule 2 to the
Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 ( absent and untraced owners) -
(a) a deed poll executed under paragraph 2( 2) of that
Schedule before the latest date for service of a notice
under subsection (5) above shall not be invalid because
the increase in compensation had not been paid, and
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1251
( b) it shall be the duty of the local authority not later PART IX
than six months after the said date to proceed under
the said Schedule 2 and pay the proper additional
amount into court.
( 8) In Scotland where subsection (2) makes an increase in
compensation to be assessed in accordance with sections 56 to
60 and 63 of the Lands Clauses (Consolidation) ( Scotland) Act 1845 c. 19.
1845 (provisions dealing with absent and untraced owners)—
( a ) a notarial instrument executed under section 76 of that
Act before the latest date for service of a notice under
subsection (4) above shall not be invalid because the
increase in compensation had not been paid and
( b) it shall be the duty of the local authority not later
than six months after the said date to proceed under
the said sections and pay the proper additional amount
into the Bank.
( 9) Any sum payable by virtue of this section shall carry
interest at the rate prescribed under section 32 of the Land 1961 c. 33.
Compensation Act 1961 from the time of entry by the local
authority on the land, or from vesting of the land or interest,
whichever is the earlier, until payment.
(10 ) In this section references to an increase in compensation
shall be read as if payments under-
( a) sections 60 and 61 of and Schedule 2 to the Act of
1957 (payments in respect of well-maintained houses
and payments to owner-occupiers),
(b) section 63(1) of the Act of 1957 or section 30 of the
Land Compensation Act 1961 (allowances to persons
displaced),
( c) section 68 of and Schedule 5 to the Housing Act 1969 1969 с. 33.
( payments to owner-occupiers and others in respect of
unfit houses purchased or demolished), and
( d ) section 37 of the Land Compensation Act 1973 1973 с. 26.
( disturbance payments for persons without compensa-
table interests) ,
and any extra-statutory payments made by way of additional
compensation were, to the extent that they were made to the
person holding the interest in question, compensation in respect
of the compulsory purchase.
(11) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by order
made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section ;
and any order under this subsection shall be contained in a
statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
K2
c .44
1252 Housing Act 1974
PART IX 116. In section 4 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 (time
Amendment of limits for exercising powers under compulsory purchase orders)
section 4 of
there shall be added at the end, the following paragraph : -
the
Compulsory
" For the purposes of this section no account shall be
Purchase Act
taken of any period during which an authority are, by
1965.
virtue of section 110, 113, or 114 of the Housing Act 1974
1965 с. 56.
( which relate among other things to unfit buildings in
clearance or conservation areas) prevented from serving
notice to treat under section 5 of this Act.",
and the same amendment shall be made to section 116 of the
1845 с. 19.
Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 with the
substitution for the reference to section 5 of the Compulsory
Purchase Act 1965 of a reference to section 17 of the said Act
of 1845.
Removal of
117.-( 1 ) In section 1 of the Housing Act 1971 (certain works
time limit for carried out in local government areas wholly or partly in
completing
certain works
development areas or intermediate areas to be eligible for in-
eligible for
creased rates of grants or contributions) paragraph (b) of each
higher rates
of subsections ( 1 ) and (2) (which requires the works concerned
ofgrants or
to be completed before the expiration of a period of 3 years
contributions. beginning with 23rd June 1971) shall not have effect in the
1971 с. 76.
case of works falling within subsection ( 2), subsection (3) or
subsection (4) below.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above applies to works which were the
subject of an application to a local authority for an improve-
ment grant, a standard grant or a special grant if the application
was approved by the local authority on or before 30th September
1973 and-
( a ) in the case of an application to a local authority in
England and Wales for an improvement grant, if the
local authority have, before 23rd June 1974, fixed as
the amount of the grant ( either originally or by way
of variation under subsection (2) of section 2 of the
Housing Act 1971) an amount which took account of
1969 с. 33.
the amendments of Part I of the Housing Act 1969
effected by subsection ( 1) of that section (increase of
grant or maximum grant from one-half to 75 per cent.
of the cost of the works) ; and
( b) in the case of an application to a local authority in
Scotland for an improvement grant or a standard grant,
if the local authority have, before 23rd June 1974,
fixed as the amount of the grant ( either originally or
by way of variation under subsection (2) of section 3
of the Housing Act 1971) an amount which took
account of the amendments of Parts I and II of the
1968 с. 31 .
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1253
effected by subsection ( 1) of that section (increase of
PART IX
grant or maximum grant from one-half to 75 per cent.
of the cost of the works).
( 3) Subsection ( 1) above also applies to works comprised
in arrangements to which subsection ( 1) of section 21 of the
Housing Act 1969 applies (contributions for dwellings pro - 1969 c. 33.
vided or improved by housing associations under arrangements
with local authorities) if an application for a contribution under
that section containing particulars and estimates of those works
was received by the Secretary of State on or before 30th
September 1973 .
( 4 ) Subsection (1 ) above also applies to works comprised in
arrangements to which subsection ( 1) of section 16 or section 17
( in so far as the latter section applies to housing associations)
of the Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland) Act 1968 applies 1968 c. 31.
( contributions for dwellings provided or improved by housing
associations under arrangements with the Secretary of State or
local authorities) if the Secretary of State had made arrangements
under the said section 16 or had approved improvement pro-
posals made under the said section 17 on or before 30th
September 1973.
" ( 5 ) In this section "local authority ", " improvement grant ",
standard grant " and " special grant " have, in England and
Wales, the same meanings as in Part I of the Housing Act
1969, and in Scotland " local authority " has the same meaning
as in section 1 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 and " improve- 1966 c. 49.
ment grant " and " standard grant " have the same meanings
as in Part II of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1968.
118.-(1) In section 1 of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967, Rateable
in subsection ( 1)(a) ( certain tenants entitled to enfranchisement value
limits for
or extension of their leaseholds where rateable value is within enfranchise-
certain limits on a particular day) after the words " rent and " ment or
there shall be inserted the words " subject to subsections (5) extension
and (6 ) below " and after subsection ( 4 ) there shall be added under
the following subsections : -
Leasehold
Reform Act
66
( 5 ) If, in relation to any house and premises, the appro-
1967.
priate day for the purposes of subsection ( 1 )(a) above falls 1967 с. 88.
on or after 1st April 1973 that subsection shall have effect
in relation to the house and premises, -
( a ) in a case where the tenancy was created on or
before 18th February 1966, as if for the sums
of £200 and £ 400 specified in that subsection
there were substituted respectively the sums of
£750 and £1,500 ; and
K3
c . 44
1254 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
1967 с. 88.
( b) in a case where the tenancy was created after 18th
February 1966, as if for those sums of £200 and
£ 400 there were substituted respectively the sums
of £500 and £1,000.
( 6) If, in relation to any house and premises, —
(a) the appropriate day for the purposes of subsection
( 1 ) (a) above falls before 1st April 1973, and
( b) the rateable value of the house and premises on
the appropriate day was more than £ 200 or, if it
was then in Greater London, £400, and
( c) the tenancy was created on or before 18th February
1966,
subsection ( 1 ) (a) above shall have effect in relation to the
house and premises as if for the reference to the appro-
priate day there were substituted a reference to 1st April
1973 and as if for the sums of £200 and £ 400 specified
in that subsection there were substituted respectively the
sums of £750 and £1,500. "
( 2) In any case where, by virtue only of the amendments of
section 1 of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 effected by sub-
section ( 1) above, the right specified in subsection ( 1) of that
section is conferred on a tenant, section 19 of that Act (reten-
tion of management powers for general benefit of neighbour-
hood) shall have effect in relation to the house and premises to
which the tenant's right applies as if for the reference in sub-
section ( 1) of that section to an application made within two
years beginning with the commencement of Part I of that Act
there were substituted a reference to an application made within
two years beginning with the date on which this Act is passed.
(3) After subsection (4) of section 1 of the Leasehold Reform
Act 1967 there shall be inserted-
66 ( 4A ) At any time the tenant may take the action
provided in Schedule 8 to the Housing Act 1974 for his
rateable value to be adjusted and in all such cases the
agreed rateable value or that determined by the Court or
District Valuer shall be the rateable value for the purposes
of that Act. "
( 4 ) In section 9 of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (purchase
price of enfranchisement) there shall be inserted after sub-
section ( 1 ) : —
66 ( 1A) Notwithstanding, the foregoing subsection, the
price payable for a house and premises, the rateable value
of which is above £ 1,000 in Greater London and £500 else-
where, on a conveyance under section 8 above, shall be
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1255
the amount which at the relevant time the house and
PART IX
premises, if sold in the open market by a willing seller,
might be expected to realise on the following
assumptions : -
( a ) on the assumption that the vendor was selling for
an estate in fee simple, subject to the tenancy, but
on the assumption that this Part of this Act con-
ferred no right to acquire the freehold ;
( b) on the assumption that at the end of the tenancy
the tenant has the right to remain in possession
of the house and premises under the provisions
of Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ; 1954 с. 56.
(c ) on the assumption that the tenant has no liability
to carry out any repairs, maintenance or redecora-
tions under the terms of the tenancy or Part I
of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ;
( d ) on the assumption that the price be diminished by
the extent to which the value of the house and
premises has been increased by any improvement
carried out by the tenant or his predecessors in
title at their own expense ;
( e) on the assumption that (subject to paragraph (a)
above ) the vendor was selling subject, in respect
of rentcharges and other rents to which section
11(2 ) below applies, to the same annual charge as
the conveyance to the tenant is to be subject to,
but the purchaser would otherwise be effectively
exonerated until the termination of the tenancy
from any liability or charge in respect of tenant's
incumbrances ; and
( f ) on the assumption that ( subject to paragraphs (a)
and (b) above) the vendor was selling with and
subject to the rights and burdens with and sub-
ject to which the conveyance to the tenant is to
be made, and in particular with and subject to
such permanent or extended rights and burdens
as are to be created in order to give effect to
section 10 below.
(1B ) For the purpose of determining whether the rate-
able value of the house and premises is above £1,000 in
Greater London, or £500 elsewhere, the rateable value shall
be adjusted to take into account any tenant's improvements
in accordance with Schedule 8 to the Housing Act 1974. "
(5) This section shall come into force on the passing of this
Act .
K4
c . 44
1256 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
Option
mortgages.
1967 с. 29.
119.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
Part II of the Housing Subsidies Act 1967 (assistance for house
purchase and improvement) shall be amended in accordance
with Schedule 11 to this Act and the amendments of section 28
of that Act contained in paragraph 5 of that Schedule shall be
deemed to have taken effect on 18th April 1974.
( 2) Until 6th April 1980, nothing in paragraphs 1( 2) and 2
of Schedule 11 to this Act or in paragraphs (ix) to ( xi) of section
24( 3) of the said Act of 1967 shall have effect in relation to a
loan if-
( a ) the option notice in respect of the loan was signed on
or before 26th June 1974, or
( b) the loan was made in pursuance of an offer in writing
made by the lender to the borrower on or before 26th
June 1974 and the option notice was signed as men-
tioned in section 24( 3) (b) of the said Act of 1967.
( 3) Until the expiry of the period of 3 months beginning on
the appointed day, nothing in paragraphs 1( 2) and 2 of Schedule
11 to this Act or in paragraphs (ix) to ( xi) of section 24( 3) of the
said Act of 1967 shall have effect in relation to a loan ( being
a loan to which subsection ( 2) above does not apply) if the
option notice in respect of the loan was signed after 26th June
1974 and before the day appointed for the coming into operation
of this section.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by
statutory instrument make such transitional provisions as he
considers appropriate for the purpose of securing the proper
application of Part II of the said Act of 1967-
( a ) on and after 6th April 1980 in relation to a loan to
which subsection (2) above applies ; and
( b) after the expiry of the period specified in subsection (3 )
above in relation to a loan to which that subsection
applies.
( 5) Without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred
by subsection (4) above, in relation to a loan to which the power
applies, regulations under that subsection—
(a) may require things to be done before the date on which
the said Part II is to apply to the loan ; and
( b) may make such modifications of the said Part II as the
Secretary of State considers appropriate.
(6) A statutory instrument containing regulations under sub-
section (4) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of
a resolution of either House of Parliament.
c.44
Housing Act 1974 1257
120. After section 341 of the Income and Corporation Taxes PART IX
Act 1970 there shall be inserted the following section : -
Tax
" Self - build
exemptions
341A.-( 1 ) Where a self - build society makes a for self -build
societies.
claim in that behalf for any year or part of a year societies.
of assessment during which the society was approved 1970 с. 10.
for the purposes of this section, rent to which the
society was entitled from its members for the year
or part shall be disregarded for tax purposes.
( 2) Where a claim under subsection (1) of this
section has effect, any adjustment of the society's
liability to tax which is required in consequence of
the claim may be made by an assessment or by
repayment or otherwise, as the case may require.
( 3) Where a self - build society makes a claim in
that behalf for an accounting period or part of an
accounting period during which it was approved for
the purposes of this section, the society shall be
exempt from corporation tax on chargeable gains
accruing to it in the accounting period or part thereof
on the disposal of any land to a member of the
society.
( 4) References in this section to the approval of a
self-build society are references to its approval by
the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State
shall not approve a self-build society for the purposes
of this section unless he is satisfied-
( a ) that the society is, or is deemed to be, duly
registered under the Industrial and 1965 c. 12.
Provident Societies Act 1965 ; and
( b) that the society satisfies such other require-
ments as may be prescribed by or under
regulations under subsection ( 6 ) below and
will comply with such conditions as may
for the time being be so prescribed.
(5) An approval given for the purposes of this
section shall have effect as from such date (whether
before or after the giving of the approval) as may be
specified by the Secretary of State and shall cease
to have effect if revoked by him.
( 6) The Secretary of State may by statutory instru-
ment make regulations for the purpose of carrying
out the provisions of this section ; and a statutory
instrument containing any such regulations shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
ofthe Commons House of Parliament.
c.44
1258 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
1970 с. 9.
( 7) Section 42 of the Taxes Management Act 1970
( procedure for making claims) shall not apply to a
claim under this section, but such a claim shall be
made to the inspector and shall be made not later
than two years after the end of the year of assess-
ment or accounting period to which, or to a part of
which, it relates.
( 8) Subject to subsection (9) below, no claim under
this section shall have effect unless it is proved that
during the year or accounting period, or part there-
of, to which the claim relates-
( a ) no land owned by the society was occupied,
in whole or in part and whether solely or
as joint occupier, by a person who was not,
at the time of his occupation, a member
of the society ; and
(b) the society making the claim satisfies the
condition specified in paragraph (a) of
subsection (4) above and has complied
with the conditions prescribed under para-
graph (b) of that subsection and for the
time being in force ;
and for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, occu-
pation by any other person in accordance with the
will, or the provisions applicable on the intestacy,
of a deceased member, shall be treated during the
first six months after the death as if it were occupa-
tion by a member.
( 9) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection
(8) above, where, on a claim under this section, the
Board are satisfied that the requirements of para-
graphs (a) and (b) of that subsection are substantially
complied with, they may direct that the claim shall
have effect ; but if, subsequently, information comes
to the knowledge of the Board which satisfies them
that the direction was not justified, they may revoke
the direction and thereupon the liability of the
society to tax for all relevant years or accounting
periods shall be adjusted by the making of assess-
ments or otherwise.
(10) A claim under this section shall be in such
form and contain such particulars as may be pre-
scribed by the Board.
(11) In this section-
" self -build society " has the same meaning as
in Part I of the Housing Act 1974 ; and
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1259
" rent " includes any sums to which a self-
PART IX
build society is entitled in respect of the
occupation of any of its land under a
licence or otherwise."
121.--( 1 ) If after the coming into operation of this section Disclosure
the tenant of premises occupied as adwelling makes a written of landlord's identity .
request for the landlord's name and address to any person who
demands or to the last person who received rent payable under
the tenancy or to any other person for the time being acting
as agent for the landlord in relation to the tenancy, and that
person fails without reasonable excuse to supply a written state-
ment of the name and address within the period of 21 days
beginning with the day on which he receives the tenant's
request, that person shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.
( 2) In any case where-
( a) in response to a request under subsection ( 1) above, a
tenant is supplied with the name and address of the
landlord of the premises concerned ; and
( b) the landlord is a body corporate ; and
( c ) the tenant makes a further written request to the land-
lord for information under this subsection,
the landlord shall, within the period of 21 days beginning with
the day on which he receives the request under this subsection ,
supply to the tenant a written statement of the name and
address of every director and the secretary of the landlord.
( 3) Any reference in subsection (1) or subsection ( 2) above
to a person's address is a reference to his place of abode or his
place of business or, in the case of a company, its registered
office .
( 4) A request under subsection ( 2) above shall be deemed to
be duly made to the landlord if it is made to an agent of the
landlord or to a person who demands the rent of the premises
concerned, and any such agent or person to whom such a
request is made shall as soon as may be forward it to the
landlord.
(5) A landlord who fails without reasonable excuse to comply
with a request under subsection (2) above within the period
mentioned in that subsection and a person who fails without
reasonable excuse to comply with any requirement imposed on
him by subsection (4 ) above shall be guilty of an offence and
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.
c . 44
1260 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
1954 с. 56.
( 6 ) Where an offence under subsection ( 1) or subsection (5)
above which has been committed by a body corporate is proved
to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or
to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director,
manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate,
or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity,
he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence
and be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 7) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection (6) above shall apply in relation to the acts
and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of
management as if he were a director of the body corporate.
( 8) In England and Wales proceedings for an offence under
this section may be instituted by any of the following local
authorities, -
( a ) the council of a district or London borough ;
( b) the Greater London Council ; and
( c ) the Common Council of the City of London.
( 9) In this section-
" landlord " means the immediate landlord and, in relation
to premises occupied under a right conferred by an
enactment, includes the person who, apart from that
right, would be entitled to possession of the premises ;
" tenant " includes a sub-tenant and a tenant under a right
conferred by an enactment, except that it does not
include a tenant under a tenancy to which Part II of
the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ( business tenancies)
applies.
(10) This section shall come into operation at the expiry of
the period of one month beginning with the date on which this
Act is passed.
Duty to
122.-( 1) If the interest of the landlord under a tenancy of
inform
premises which consist of or include a dwelling is assigned, the
tenant of a
person to whom that interest is assigned (in this section referred
dwelling of
to as " the new landlord ") shall, within the appropriate period,
assignment of landlord's
give notice in writing to the tenant of the assignment and of
interest.
the name and address of the new landlord.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) above " the appropriate period " means
the period beginning on the date of the assignment in question
and ending either two months after that date or, if it is later,
on the first day after that date on which rent is payable under
the tenancy.
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1261
( 3) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, the reference in subsection
PART IX
(1) above to the new landlord's address is a reference to his
place of abode or his place of business or, if the new landlord
is a company, its registered office.
( 4 ) If trustees as such constitute the new landlord, it shall be
a sufficient compliance with the obligation in subsection ( 1 )
above to give the name of the new landlord to give a collective
description of the trustees as the trustees of the trust in question,
and where such a collective description is given-
( a) the address of the new landlord for the purpose of that
subsection may be given as the address from which the
affairs of the trust are conducted ; and
( b) a change in the persons who are for the time being the
trustees of the trust shall not be treated as an assign-
ment of the interest of the landlord.
( 5) If any person who is the new landlord under a tenancy
falling within subsection ( 1) above fails, without reasonable
excuse, to give the notice required by that subsection, he shall
be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £200.
(6 ) Where an offence under subsection (5) above which has
been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of, or be attributable
to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or
other similar officer of the body corporate, he, as well as the
body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to
be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 7 ) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, subsection (6) above shall apply in relation to the acts
and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of
management as if here were a director of the body corporate.
( 8) In this section " tenancy " includes a subtenancy and a
statutory tenancy, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968 or 1968 c. 23.
of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971, but does not include a tenancy 1971 c. 28.
to which Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ( business 1954 c. 56.
tenancies) applies, and " tenant " shall be construed accordingly.
( 9) In this section-
( a) in relation to England and Wales " assignment " includes
any conveyance other than a mortgage or charge ; and
( b ) in relation to Scotland " assignment " means a con-
veyance or other transfer (other than in security), and
any reference to the date of the assignment means the
date on which the conveyance or other transfer was
granted, delivered or otherwise made effective.
c . 44
1262 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
(10) This section shall come into operation at the expiry of
the period of one month beginning with the date on which this
Act is passed.
Form and
content
ofcertain
notices to
quit.
1957 с. 25.
1971 с. 28.
123.-( 1) In section 16 of the Rent Act 1957 or, in Scotland,
section 131 of the Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 (minimum length of
notice to quit ) after the words " shall be valid unless it " there
shall be inserted the words " is in writing and contains such
information as may be prescribed and " and at the end of that
section there shall be added the following subsections : —
" ( 2) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by
regulations made by the Secretary of State by statutory
instrument, and a statutory instrument containing any such
regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 3) Regulations under this section may make different
provision in relation to different descriptions of lettings and
different circumstances."
( 2) This section does not apply in relation to a notice to quit
given before the day appointed for the coming into operation
of this section.
Service
124.-( 1 ) After section 91 of the Housing Finance Act 1972
charges.
there shall be inserted the following section :
1972 с. 47.
"Right to challenge
91A. ( 1 ) A service charge shall only be recover-
able from the tenant of a flat-
service
charges.
( a ) in respect of the provision of chargeable
items to a reasonable standard ; and
(b) to the extent that the liability incurred or
amount defrayed by the landlord in respect
of the provision of such items is reason-
able ; and if any works in respect of which
a service charge is claimed are estimated to
cost more than £ 250, at least two estimates
of the cost of such works shall be obtained
by the landlord or agent and one of the
said estimates shall be from a firm wholly
unconnected with them, in the manner
described in Schedule 12 to this Act ;
and if any work in respect of which a service charge
is claimed is estimated to cost more than £2,000,
there shall be a duty upon the landlord or agent first
to discuss it with the tenants' association or if no
such body exists or is not wholly independent, then
with individual tenants before it is proceeded with
( except in cases of emergency) and only after such
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1263
consultation shall estimates be obtained in accord-
PART IX
ance with the provisions of this section ; and the
consultation and expressed views of tenants or their
association or both shall be produced to the Court
in case of any dispute arising out of the operation
of this section.
( 2 ) Any agreement made by a tenant of a flat
other than an arbitration agreement within the mean-
ing of section 32 of the Arbitration Act 1950 1950 с. 23 .
( whether the agreement is contained in an instrument
letting the flat or not and whether it is made before
the flat is let or not ) shall be void in so far as it
purports to provide for determination in a particular
manner or on particular evidence (including, with-
out prejudice to the generality of this subsection,
determination on the basis of a certificate given by
any person) of any question-
( a ) whether chargeable items have been pro-
vided to a reasonable standard ; or
( b) whether the liability incurred or amount
defrayed by the landlord in respect of them
was reasonable.
( 3) The High Court or the county court, on the
application of the landlord or tenant of a flat, may
by order, in relation to any chargeable items speci-
fied in the order, declare
( a) that they have or have not been provided
to a reasonable standard ; and
( b) that the amount alleged to be payable in
respect of them is or is not reasonable,
and may direct the amount to be paid by the tenant
in consequence of the declaration.
( 4 ) Where in proceedings brought under the fore-
going subsection (3) it is proved to the satisfaction
of the Court that an association has been formed
to represent the tenants one or more of whom are
parties to the application and that the membership
of such association comprises not less than 60 per
cent . of the tenants eligible to belong thereto the
Court may in making any order on the application
further declare that the said association shall until
further order of the Court be recognised for the
purposes of this Act as the tenants' association
entitled to exercise the rights conferred by this Act
and the term " tenants ' association " shall refer to
such association so long as it is so recognised.
1264 Housing Act 1974
c .44
PART IX
(5) Regulations relating to the formation of such
tenants' association may be made by the Secretary of
State.
( 6 ) The county court may make a declaration
under this section notwithstanding that the declara-
tion is the only relief sought .
( 7) In this section " chargeable items " means any
items for which a service charge may be payable, and
other expressions used in this section have the
meanings assigned to them by section 90(12) above.
( 8) This section does not apply-
( a ) where the landlord is-
( i) a local authority or a county council, or
(ii ) a new town corporation, or
(iii ) the Housing Corporation, or
(iv ) a housing association falling within parга-
graph (d ) of subsection ( 1) of section 91 above,
or
1968 с. 23.
1972 с. 47.
( v ) an association or company the member-
ship of which is wholly or mainly restricted to
persons who are tenants in the same block or
blocks of flats, or
( b) where the tenant is a protected tenant or
a statutory tenant within the meaning of
the Rent Act 1968 or a lessee within the
meaning of Part VI of that Act (furnished
lettings ).
( 9) This section does not apply in relation to an
accounting year ending before 1st August 1974."
( 2) The amendments of the Housing Finance Act 1972 speci-
fied in Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect, subject to
paragraph 5 of that Schedule.
( 3) This section shall come into operation at the expiry of the
period of one month beginning with the date on which this Act
is passed.
Specific
125.-( 1 ) In any proceedings in which a tenant of a dwelling
performance oflandlord's
alleges a breach on the part of his landlord of a repairing
covenant relating to any part of the premises in which the
repairing
covenants,
dwelling is comprised, the court may, in its discretion, order
etc.
specific performance of that covenant, whether or not the breach
relates to a part of the premises let to the tenant and notwith-
standing any equitable rule restricting the scope of that remedy,
whether on the basis of a lack of mutuality or otherwise .
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1265
( 2 ) In this section-
PART IX
" landlord ", in relation to a tenant , includes any person
against whom the tenant has a right to enforce a
repairing covenant ;
" repairing covenant " means a covenant to repair, main-
tain, renew, construct or replace any property ;
" statutory tenant " has the same meaning as in the Rent
Act 1968 ; and
1968 с. 23 .
66
tenant " includes a sub-tenant and a statutory tenant but
does not include a tenant under a tenancy to which
Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 ( business 1954 с. 56
tenancies) applies, and any reference to the premises
let to a tenant means, in relation to a statutory tenant ,
the premises of which he is the statutory tenant.
( 3) This section shall come into operation on the passing of
this Act.
126.- ( 1) The provisions of this section shall apply if a prin- Enforceability
cipal council (in the exercise of their powers under section 111 of certain
of the Local Government Act 1972 or otherwise ) and a person agreements
covenants in
having an interest in land in their area become parties to anrelating to
instrument under seal executed for the purpose of securing the development
carrying out of works on that land or of facilitating the develop- of land.
ment of that land or of other land in which that person has an 1972 c. 70.
interest and the instrument is registered in the register of local
land charges-
( a) by the proper officer, for the purposes of section 15 of
the Land Charges Act 1925, of the local authority 1925 с. 22.
in whose area the land is situated, and
( b) in such manner as may be prescribed by rules under
section 19 of that Act,
and in this subsection " local authority " means a district
council, a London borough council or the Common Council of
the City of London.
( 2 ) If, in a case where this section applies, -
( a) the instrument contains a covenant on the part of
any person having an interest in land, being a covenant
to carry out any works or do any other thing on or
in relation to that land, and
( b ) the instrument defines the land to which the covenant
relates, being land in which that person has an interest
at the time the instrument is executed, and
( c ) the covenant is expressed to be one to which this
section applies,
the covenant shall be enforceable (without any limit of time)
against any person deriving title from the original covenantor
с . 44
1266 Housing Act 1974
PART IX 1936 с. 49.
in respect of his interest in any of the land defined as mentioned
in paragraph ( b) above and any person deriving title under
him in respect of any lesser interest in that land as if that
person had also been an original covenanting party in respect
of the interest for the time being held by him.
( 3) Without prejudice to any other method of enforcement
of a covenant falling within subsection ( 2) above, if there is a
breach of the covenant as a result of a failure to carry out any
works or to do any other thing on or in relation to any of the
land to which the covenant relates, then, subject to subsection
( 4 ) below, the principal council who are a party to the instru-
ment in which the covenant is contained may-
( a) enter on the land concerned and carry out the works or
do any other thing which the covenant requires to be
carried out or done ; and
(b) recover from any person against whom the covenant
is enforceable (whether by virtue of subsection (2)
above or otherwise) any expenses incurred by the
council in exercise of their powers under this
subsection.
( 4 ) Before a principal council exercise their powers under
subsection (3) (a) above they shall give not less than 21 days
notice of their intention to do so to any person-
( a ) who has for the time being an interest in the land on or
in relation to which the works are to be carried out
or other thing is to be done ; and
( b) against whom the covenant is enforceable ( whether by
virtue of subsection ( 2 ) above or otherwise).
( 5) The Public Health Act 1936 shall have effect as if any
reference to that Act in-
( a) section 277 thereof (power of councils to require
information as to ownership of premises),
( b) section 283 thereof (notices to be in writing ; forms
of notices, etc.),
( c) section 288 thereof (penalty for obstructing execution
ofAct ) , and
( d ) section 291 thereof (certain expenses recoverable from
owners to be a charge on the premises ; power to
order payment by instalments),
included a reference to subsections (1) to ( 4 ) above and as if
any reference in those sections of that Act-
( i) to a local authority were a reference to a principal
council ; and
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1267
(ii) to the owner of premises were a reference to the holder PART IX
of an interest in land.
( 6 ) In its application to a notice or other document authorised
to be given or served under subsection ( 4 ) above or by virtue
of any provision of the Public Health Act 1936 specified in 1936 c. 49.
subsection (5) above, section 233 of the Local Government Act 1972 c. 70.
1972 (service of notices by local authorities) shall have effect as
if any reference in that section to a local authority included a
reference to the Common Council of the City of London.
( 7) In this section " principal council " means the council of
a county, district or London borough, the Common Council of
the City of London or the Greater London Council, and, subject
to subsection ( 8) below, in relation to the Isles of Scilly, the
Council of those Isles.
( 8) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with the
Council of the Isles of Scilly, by order direct that the provisions
of subsections ( 1) to (6 ) of this section shall apply to the Isles
of Scilly subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modi-
fications, if any, as may be specified in the order.
127.-(1 ) Except as provided by section 7 of this Act, there Expenses and
shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament- terms of
payment of
( a) any sums required for the payment by the Secretary ofgrants, etc.
State of grants, subsidies or contributions under this
Act and any other expenses or outgoings of the Secre-
tary of State under this Act ;
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of such money under any
otherAct;
and any sums received by the Secretary of State under this
Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
(2) Any grant, subsidy or contribution payable by the Secre-
tary of State under this Act shall be payable subject to such
conditions as to records, certificates, audit or otherwise as the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury,
impose
128.-( 1 ) Any power of the Secretary of State to make an Orders.
order under any provision of this Act shall be exercisable by
statutory instrument.
(2) An order made by the Secretary of State under any pro-
vision of this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent
order made under that provision .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, a statutory instrument
containing an order made under any of the preceding provisions
c . 44
1268 Housing Act 1974
PART IX
Interpretation.
1957 с. 56.
1960 с. 58.
of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4 ) Subsection (3) above shall not apply to an order made
under any of sections 7, 46, 59, 64 or 78 of this Act.
129.-( 1 ) In the application of this Act in England and
Wales-
66 the Corporation " means the Housing Corporation ;
" dwelling " means a building or part of a building occupied
or intended to be occupied as a separate dwelling,
together with any yard, garden, outhouses and
appurtenances belonging to or usually enjoyed with
that building or part ;
" hostel " means a building wherein is provided, for
persons generally or for a class or classes of persons,
residential accommodation (otherwise than in separate
and self - contained sets of premises) and either board
or facilities for the preparation of food adequate to
the needs of those persons, or both ;
" house in multiple occupation " means a house which is
occupied by persons who do not form a single house-
hold, exclusive of any part thereof which is occupied
as a separate dwelling by persons who do form a
single household ;
" housing association " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 189( 1) of the Housing Act 1957 ;
" improvement grant " and " intermediate grant " have the
meanings assigned to them by section 56( 2 ) of this
Act;
" operative date " means 1st April 1975 or such later date
as may be specified under, and for the purposes of ,
section 17( 1 ) of this Act ;
" registered ", except in the expression " registered charity
"
means registered in the register of housing associations
established under section 13 of this Act, and " regi-
66
ود
stration " and unregistered shall be construed
accordingly ;
" registered charity " means a charity of which particulars
are entered in the register of charities established under
section 4 of the Charities Act 1960 ;
" repairs grant " and " special grant " have the meanings
assigned to them by section 56(2) above.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1269
( 2) In the application of this Act in Scotland-
PART IX
" charge " includes a heritable security ;
" the Corporation " means the Housing Corporation ;
" dwelling " means a house within the meaning of section
208(1 ) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 ;
1966 с. 49.
" heritable security " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 12 of this Act ;
" hostel " has the same meaning as in section 21(4) of
the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 c. 31 .
1968 ;
" housing association " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 208( 1 ) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 ;
" local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 ;
66
mortgage " means a heritable security and " mortgagee "
means the creditor in such a security ;
" operative date " has the same meaning as in subsection
( 1 ) above ;
" registered " means registered in the register of housing
associations established under section 13 of this Act,
and " registration " and " unregistered " shall be con-
strued accordingly.
( 3) For the purposes of this Act a person is a member of
another's family if that person is-
(a ) the other's wife or husband ; or
( b) a son or daughter or a son-in-law or daughter-in-law
of the other, or of the other's wife or husband ; or
(c ) the father or mother of the other, or of the other's
wife or husband.
( 4 ) In paragraph (b) of subsection ( 3) above any reference to
a person's son or daughter includes a reference to any step -son
or step - daughter, any illegitimate son or daughter, and any
adopted son or daughter of that person, and " son-in-law "
and " daughter-in -law " shall be construed accordingly.
( 5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall
be construed as referring to that enactment as amended by or
under any other enactment, including this Act.
c . 44
1270 Housing Act 1974
PART IX 130.-( 1 ) Schedule 13 to this Act, which contains minor
Amendments, amendments and amendments consequential on the provisions
transitional
of this Act, shall have effect.
provisions,
savings and
( 2 ) In Schedule 13 to this Act, the amendments of the Land
repeals.
Compensation Act 1973 and the Land Compensation ( Scotland )
1973 с. 26.
Act 1973 shall have effect in the case of persons displaced on
1973 с. 56.
or after the date of the passing of this Act.
( 3) The transitional provisions and savings in Schedule 14 to
this Act shall have effect.
( 4 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 15 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
Short title,
citation,
commence-
ment and
extent.
131.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Housing Act 1974.
( 2) This Act and the Housing Acts 1957 to 1973 may be
cited together as the Housing Acts 1957 to 1974.
( 3) Except in so far as any provision of this Act otherwise
provides, this Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order appoint , and different days may
be so appointed for different provisions and for different
purposes.
( 4) Without prejudice to any express saving contained in
Schedule 14 to this Act, an order under subsection (3) above
appointing a day for the coming into operation of any provision
of Schedule 13 or Schedule 15 to this Act may contain such
savings with respect to the operation of that provision as appear
to the Secretary of State to be appropriate.
(5 ) Parts IV, V, VI, VII, and VIII and, in Part IX, sections
105, 106, 108 , 118, 124, 125 and 126 of this Act extend to
England and Wales only.
(6 ) Section 107 of this Act extends to Scotland only.
( 7 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1271
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION ETC. OF HOUSING CORPORATION
1. In sub- paragraph (1 ) of paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to the 1964
Act ( number of members of Corporation not to exceed nine) for the
word " nine " there shall be substituted the word " fifteen ".
2. At the end of the said paragraph 2 there shall be inserted the
following paragraph-
" 2A.- (1 ) Before appointing a person to be a member of the
Corporation the Ministers shall satisfy themselves that that
person will have no such financial or other interest as is likely
to affect prejudicially the exercise of his functions as a member,
and the Ministers shall also satisfy themselves from time to time
with respect to every member of the Corporation that he has
no such interest ; and any person who is, or whom the Minis-
ters propose to appoint, a member of the Corporation shall,
whenever requested by them to do so, furnish them with such
information as the Ministers consider necessary for the perform-
ance of their duties under this paragraph .
( 2) A member of the Corporation who is any way directly
or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be
made by the Corporation shall disclose the nature of his interest
at a meeting of the Corporation, and the disclosure shall be
recorded in the minutes of the Corporation ; and the member
shall not take part in any decision of the Corporation with
respect to that contract.
( 3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) above a general
notice given at a meeting of the Corporation by a member of
the Corporation to the effect that he is a member of a specified
company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any con-
tract which may, after the date of the notice, be made with the
company or firm shall be regarded as a sufficient disclosure of
his interest in relation to any contract so made.
( 4 ) A member of the Corporation need not attend in person
at a meeting of the Corporation in order to make any dis-
closure which he is required to make under this paragraph if
he takes reasonable steps to secure that the disclosure is
made by a notice which is brought up and read at the meeting.
( 5 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above ' the Ministers ' means the
persons by whom members of the Corporation are appointed
under paragraph 2(1) above. "
3. In paragraph 5 of that Schedule after the words " this Act "
there shall be inserted the words " or the Housing Act 1974 " .
4. At the end of paragraph 5 of that Schedule there shall be added
the following paragraph-
66 6. The Corporation shall be a public body for the purposes
of the Prevention of Corruption Acts 1889 to 1916. "
Section 1 ( 1) .
c .44
1272 Housing Act 1974
Section 2.
1949 с. 60.
1949 с. 61 .
1950 с. 34.
1958 с. 42.
1962 с. 28.
1968 с. 31.
1967 с. 29.
1964 с. 56.
1969 с. 33.
1972 с. 47.
1972 с. 46.
1957 с. 56
1966 с. 49.
SCHEDULE 2
GRANT- AIDED LAND
1. For the purposes of section 2 of this Act " grant-aided land "
means land-
( a ) in respect of which any such payment as is specified in para-
graph 2 below falls or fell to be made in respect of a
period ending after 24th January 1974 ; or
( b ) on which is or has been secured a loan which is of a
description specified in paragraph 3 below and in respect of
which any repayment (whether by way of principal or
interest or both) falls or fell to be made after that date.
2. The payments referred to in paragraph 1(a ) above are pay-
ments-
(a ) by way of annual grants under section 31( 3) of the Housing
Act 1949 or by way of exchequer contributions under sec-
tion 19( 3) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1949 or under
section 121( 3) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1950 (arrange-
ments by local authorities for improvement of housing
accommodation) ;
(b ) by way of annual grants under section 12(1) or section 15
of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) Act 1958 or by way
of exchequer contributions under section 89( 1) of the Hous-
ing (Scotland) Act 1950 or under section 12 of the Housing
( Scotland) Act 1962 or under section 21 of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 (contributions
for dwellings improved under arrangements with local
authorities and grants for hostels) ;
( c ) by way of annual grant under section 12( 6 ) of the Housing
Subsidies Act 1967 or by way of exchequer contributions
under section 121 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1950 or
under section 62 of the Housing Act 1964 or under section
17 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act
1968 (subsidies for conversions or improvements by housing
associations) ;
( d ) by way of annual grant under section 21( 8 ) of the Housing
Act 1969 ( contributions for dwellings provided or improved
by housing associations under arrangements with local
authorities) ;
(e ) by way of basic residual subsidy , special residual subsidy or
new building subsidy under section 72 ; section 73 or section
75 of the Housing Finance Act 1972 or by way of hostel
subsidy under section 92 of that Act ; and
( f ) by way of basic residual subsidy, special residual subsidy,
new building subsidy or improvement subsidy under section
52, section 53, section 55 or section 57 of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972.
3. The loans referred to in paragraph 1( b) above are-
( a ) loans under section 119 of the Housing Act 1957 or under
section 152 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 ( power
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1273
of certain local authorities to promote and assist housing
SCH. 2
associations) ;
( b ) loans to housing associations under section 47 of the Hous- 1958 c. 42.
ing ( Financial Provisions) Act 1956 or under section 78
of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1950 or under section 24 of 1950 c. 34.
the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 1968 с. 31.
( loans by Public Works Loan Commissioners to certain
bodies ) ;
(c ) advances made under section 7 of the Housing Act 1961 or 1961 c. 65.
under section 11 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1962 or 1962 с. 28.
under section 23 of the Housing (Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1968 (advances to housing associations pro-
viding housing accommodation for letting ) ; and
( d ) loans made by the Corporation under section 2 of the Hous- 1964 c. 56.
ing Act 1964.
SCHEDULE 3
Section 18.
HOUSING ASSOCIATION TENANCIES
PART I
INTERIM PROTECTION OF HOUSING ASSOCIATION TENANTS
1 .- (1 ) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule apply where, -
( a ) before the passing of this Act, any premises have been let on
a tenancy (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " the
former tenancy ") ; and
(b ) by reason only of section 5( 5 ) of the Rent Act 1968 or of 1968 с. 23.
section 5( 4) of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 (exclusion of 1971 c. 28 .
housing association tenancies from protection ) the former
tenancy was not a protected tenancy on the relevant day ;
and
( c ) the former tenancy has come to an end before the passing
of this Act or comes to an end after the passing of this
Actbut before the operative date ; and
( d ) at any time after the passing of this Act or the termination
of the former tenancy, whichever is the later, any of the
persons specified in sub- paragraph ( 3) below remains in
occupation of the premises or part of them and in residence
therein.
( 2) In this Part of this Schedule " the relevant day", in relation
to a tenancy, means, -
( a ) in the case of a tenancy which expired before the passing
of this Act, the day on which it expired ; and
( b ) in any other case, the day immediately preceding that on
which this Act was passed.
( 3) The persons referred to in sub-paragraph (1)( d ) above are-
( a ) the tenant under the former tenancy ;
( b) any person to whom the premises or any part thereof has
been lawfully sublet as a dwelling ; and
( c) where any such person as is mentioned in paragraph (a)
or paragraph ( b) above has died, any person who, if the
deceased had been the original tenant, within the meaning
c .44
1274 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
of Schedule 1 to the Rent Act 1968, or to the Rent
( Scotland ) Act 1971, of the premises or part would have
been the first successor, within the meaning of that Schedule,
or would have become the statutory tenant on the death of
that first successor.
2.- (1) In this paragraph " the occupier ", in relation to any
premises, means the person remaining in occupation and in residence
as mentioned in paragraph 1(1) ( d ) above and " the owner ", in
relation to any premises, means the person who, as against the
occupier, is entitled to possession thereof ; and the following pro-
visions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to paragraph 3
below.
( 2) Without prejudice to any power of the court apart from this
Part of this Schedule to postpone the operation or suspend the
execution of an order for possession, if in proceedings by the owner
against the occupier of any premises the court makes, or has before
the passing of this Act made, an order for possession the court may
suspend the execution of the order for such period, not exceeding
12 months from the date of the order, as the court thinks reasonable.
( 3) Where the court by virtue of this paragraph suspends the
execution of an order for possession of any premises it may authorise
the withdrawal from the occupier of any specified services or furniture
and impose such terms and conditions, including conditions as to
the payment by the occupier of arrears of rent, rent or mesne profits
and otherwise, as the court thinks reasonable.
( 4 ) The court may from time to time vary the period of suspension
or terminate it and may vary any terms or conditions imposed by
virtue of this paragraph, but shall not extend the period of suspension
beyond the end of 12 months from the date of the order for
possession.
( 5 ) In considering whether or how to exercise its powers under
this paragraph the court shall have regard to all the circumstances
and, in particular, to the following, namely, -
( a ) whether the occupier has failed ( whether before or after
the termination of the former tenancy) to observe any terms
or conditions thereof ;
(b) whether he has unreasonably refused an offer of a tenancy
of the premises or part of them for a reasonable term ; and
( c ) whether greater hardship would be caused by the suspension
of the execution of the order for possession than by its
execution without suspension or further suspension.
( 6) Where in proceedings for the recovery of possession of any
premises the court makes an order for possession but suspends the
execution of the order by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above it shall
make no order for costs, unless it appears to the court, having
regard to the conduct of the owner or of the occupier, that there are
special reasons for making such an order.
( 7 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland-
( a ) for any reference to an order for possession there shall be
substituted a reference to a decree of removing or warrant
of ejection,
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1275
( b ) for the reference to mesne profits there shall be substituted
a reference to damages arising from unlawful possession,
and
( c ) for the reference to costs there shall be substituted a
reference to expenses.
SCH. 3
3.- (1 ) If at any time before the operative date the interest which,
on the relevant day, was the interest of the landlord under the former
tenancy ( in this paragraph referred to as " the landlord's interest " )
becomes vested in one of the bodies specified in section 5( 2) of the
Rent Act 1968 or of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 ( bodies whose 1968 c. 23 .
tenancies are excluded from protection under that Act ) the court 1971 c. 28.
may not, in exercise of its power under paragraph 2( 4) above, vary
the period of suspension otherwise than by shortening it .
( 2 ) If on the operative date the landlord's interest belongs to a
housing association then, without prejudice to the provisions of Parts
II and III below and to the continued operation of any provision
made before that date by virtue of paragraph 2 above, the powers
of the court under that paragraph shall on that date cease to be
exercisable.
4.- (1) In this Part of this Schedule " the court ", -
( a ) in relation to premises in England or Wales, means the
county court ; and
(b) in relation to premises in Scotland, means the sheriff.
( 2) Any powers of a county court in proceedings for the recovery
of possession of any premises in circumstances where the powers
conferred by this Part of this Schedule are or may be exercisable
may be exercised by any registrar of the court, except in so far as
rules of court otherwise provide.
( 3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, expressions
to which a meaning is assigned by section 113 of the Rent Act
1968 or, in Scotland, section 133 of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971
have the same meanings in this Part of this Schedule.
PART II
APPLICATION OF RENT Аст 1968
5.- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph apply on and after the
operative date in any case where-
( a ) a tenancy of a dwelling-house under which the interest of
the landlord belonged to a housing association has come
to an end at a time before the operative date ( whether
before or after the passing of this Act ), and
( b ) on the date when it came to an end, the tenancy was one
to which Part VIII of the 1972 Act applied, and
( c ) if the tenancy had come to an end after the operative date
it would, by virtue of section 18 (1) of this Act, have then
been a protected tenancy.
с . 44
1276 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 23 .
( 2 ) No order for possession of the dwelling- house shall be made
which would not be made if the tenancy had been a protected
tenancy at the time it came to an end.
( 3) Where a court has made an order for possession of the
dwelling-house before the operative date, but the order has not been
executed, the court, if of opinion that the order would not have been
made if the tenancy had been a protected tenancy when it came to
an end may, on the application of the person against whom it was
made, rescind or vary it in such manner as the court thinks fit for
the purpose of enabling him to continue in possession.
( 4 ) If on the operative date the person who was the tenant under
the tenancy which has come to an end duly retains possession of
the dwelling-house, he shall be deemed to do so as a statutory
tenant under a regulated tenancy and as a person who became a
statutory tenant on the termination of a protected tenancy under
which he was the tenant.
( 5 ) If on the operative date a person duly retains possession of
the dwelling- house as being a person who, in the circumstances
described in paragraph 1( 3) ( c) above, would have been the first
successor, within the meaning of Schedule 1 to the Rent Act 1968,
he shall be deemed to do so as the statutory tenant under a regulated
tenancy and as a person who became a statutory tenant by virtue
of paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 of that Schedule.
( 6 ) If on the operative date a person duly retains possession of
the dwelling-house as being a person who, in the circumstances
described in paragraph 1(3)(c) above, would have become the
statutory tenant on the death of a first successor, he shall be deemed
to do so as the statutory tenant under a regulated tenancy and
as a person who became a statutory tenant by virtue of paragraph 6
or paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to the Rent Act 1968.
( 7) References in the preceding provisions of this paragraph to a
person duly retaining possession of a dwelling-house are references
to his retaining possession without any order for possession having
been made or, where such an order has been made, -
( a ) during any period while its operation is postponed or its
execution is suspended ; or
(b) after it has been rescinded.
( 8) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 9) below, the tenancy referred to
in sub- paragraph (1) above shall be treated as the original contract
of tenancy for the purposes of section 12 of the Rent Act 1968
( terms and conditions of statutory tenancies) in relation to a statutory
tenancy imposed by any of sub-paragraphs ( 4) to (6) above.
( 9) The High Court or the county court may by order vary all
or any of the terms of a statutory tenancy imposed by any of
sub - paragraphs (4 ) to (6) above in any way appearing to the court
to be just and equitable ( and whether or not in a way authorised
by the provisions of sections 23 and 24 of the Rent Act 1968).
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1277
6.- (1) If, in a case where either a tenancy becomes a protected
SCH. 3
tenancy by virtue of section 18( 1) of this Act or a statutory tenancy
is imposed by virtue of paragraph 5 above, -
( a ) a rent was registered for the dwelling-house at a time when
Part VIII of the 1972 Act applied to that tenancy or, as
the case may be, to the tenancy referred to in paragraph 5(1)
above, and
( b) a rent is subsequently registered for the dwelling-house under
Part IV of the Rent Act 1968 but the rent so registered is 1968 c. 23.
less than the rent registered as mentioned in paragraph ( a)
above,
then, subject to paragraph 8 below, until such time as a rent is regis-
tered under Part IV of the Rent Act 1968 which is higher than the
rent registered as mentioned in paragraph ( a) above, the contractual
rent limit, or, as the case may be, the maximum rent recoverable
during any statutory period of the regulated tenancy concerned shall be
the rent registered as mentioned in paragraph ( a) above.
(2 ) If, in a case falling within sub-paragraph (1) above, the Secretary
of State has, in a direction under section 85 of the 1972 Act, specified
a rent limit for the dwelling-house higher than the rent registered as
mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)( a) above, then, during the period for
which that direction has effect as mentioned in that section, sub-
paragraph (1 ) above shall have effect with the substitution for any
reference to the rent registered as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) of
that sub-paragraph of a reference to the rent limit so specified.
(3) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall affect
the operation of section 48A of the Rent Act 1968 ( cancellation of
registration of rent ) and, accordingly, where the registration of a
rent is cancelled in accordance with that section sub-paragraph ( 1)
above shall cease to apply in relation to the rent of the dwelling-house
concerned.
7.- (1) This paragraph applies for the purposes of the application
of Part III of the Rent Act 1968 (rents under regulated tenancies) in
relation to-
( a ) a tenancy which becomes a protected tenancy by virtue of
section 18(1 ) of this Act,
( b) a statutory tenancy arising on the termination of such a
tenancy, and
( c ) a statutory tenancy imposed by virtue of paragraph 5 above,
in any case where, at the time when Part VIII of the 1972 Act last
applied to the tenancy referred to in paragraph ( a ) above or, as the
case may require, paragraph 5(1) above, subsection ( 3) of section 83
of the 1972 Act applied (rent limit where no rent is registered) .
( 2) Where this paragraph applies, the rent limit applicable to the
tenancy or statutory tenancy referred to in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) above
shall be deemed to be (or, as the case may be, to have been) the
contractual rent limit under the relevant tenancy, but without prejudice
to the subsequent registration of a rent for the dwelling-house under
c .44
1278 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 23.
Part IV of the Rent Act 1968 or (during the currency of a protected
tenancy ) the making of an agreement under section 43 of the 1972
Act increasing the rent payable .
( 3 ) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above shall have effect notwithstanding the
repeal by the 1972 Act of section 20 ( 3) of the Rent Act 1968 ( con-
tractual rent limit before registration) , but nothing in this paragraph
shall be taken as applying any provision of section 83 of the 1972
Act to a tenancy at a time when it is a protected tenancy.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " the relevant tenancy " means-
( a ) in the case of a tenancy falling within sub-paragraph ( 1 )(a)
above, that tenancy ;
(b ) in the case of a statutory tenancy falling within sub-paragraph
(1)(b) above, the tenancy referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a)
above ; and
( c ) in the case of a statutory tenancy falling within sub-paragraph
(1)(c) above, the protected tenancy referred to in sub-
paragraph ( 4) of paragraph 5 above or, in a case where
sub-paragraph ( 5 ) or sub-paragraph (6 ) of that paragraph
applies, a notional protected tenancy which, by virtue of
section 7( 4) of the Rent Act 1968, would be treated for the
purposes of that Act as constituting one regulated tenancy
when taken together with the statutory tenancy.
8.- (1) The provisions of this paragraph apply where-
( a ) a tenancy of a dwelling-house becomes a protected tenancy
by virtue of section 18(1) of this Act or a statutory tenancy
is imposed by virtue of paragraph 5 above ; and
(b ) immediately before the tenancy became a protected tenancy
or, as the case may require, immediately before the tenancy
referred to in paragraph 5(1) above came to an end, section
84 of the 1972 Act (phasing of progression to registered
rent) applied to the rent of the dwelling-house let on that
tenancy.
( 2) In the following provisions of this paragraph " the regulated
tenancy " means the regulated tenancy consisting of the protected or
statutory tenancy referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a) above, together
with any subsequent statutory tenancy which, when taken with that
regulated tenancy is by virtue of section 7( 4) of the Rent Act 1968
treated for the purposes of that Act as constituting one regulated
tenancy.
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, section
84 of the 1972 Act shall continue to apply or, as the case may require,
shall apply to the rent of a dwelling-house subject to the regulated
tenancy.
( 4 ) Section 84 of the 1972 Act shall cease to apply by virtue of this
paragraph to the rent of a dwelling-house-
( a ) on the date on which a rent is registered for the dwelling-
house under Part IV of the Rent Act 1968 if the date of
с . 44
Housing Act 1974 1279
registration, within the meaning of Part VIII of the 1972
SCH. 3
Act, is after the operative date ; or
( b) on the date on which a new regulated tenancy of the
dwelling-house is granted to a person who is neither the
tenant under the regulated tenancy nor a person who might
succeed him as a statutory tenant.
( 5) If and so long as, by virtue of this paragraph, subsection (2)
of section 84 of the 1972 Act imposes for any rental period of a
tenancy or statutory tenancy a rent limit below the rent registered
for the dwelling-house as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) of that
section , -
( a ) the contractual rent limit shall be the rent limit so imposed
and not the registered rent ( as provided by section 20( 2) of
the Rent Act 1968) and section 87 of the 1972 Act ( increase 1968 с. 23.
of rent without notice to quit) shall apply in relation to the
tenancy as if it were one to which Part VIII of that Act
applied ; and
(b) a notice of increase under section 22( 2)(b) of the Rent Act
1968 ( increase of rent for statutory periods) may not increase
the rent for any statutory period above the rent limit so
imposed, and any such notice which purports to increase it
further shall have effect to increase it to that limit but no
further.
( 6) For the purposes of the application on and after the operative
date of section 84 of the 1972 Act to the rent of a dwelling-house
subject to a regulated tenancy consisting of or beginning with a
statutory tenancy which is imposed by virtue of paragraph 5 above,
that section shall be deemed to have continued to apply throughout
the period between the termination of the tenancy referred to in sub-
paragraph ( 1) of that paragraph and the operative date ; but nothing
in this paragraph shall affect the rent recoverable for that dwelling-
house at any time during that period.
9.- (1) This paragraph shall have effect with respect to the appli-
cation of Schedule 6 to the 1972 Act ( restriction on rent increases) in
relation to a regulated tenancy consisting of-
( a ) a tenancy which becomes a protected tenancy by virtue of
section 18(1) of this Act, or
(b ) a statutory tenancy imposed by virtue of paragraph 5 above,
together with any subsequent statutory tenancy which, when taken
with that regulated tenancy, is by virtue of section 7( 4 ) of the Rent
Act 1968 treated for the purposes of that Act as constituting one
regulated tenancy.
( 2 ) For the purposes of paragraph 1( 1)(b) of the said Schedule 6
(application of paragraph 1 to the first registration of rent after
completion, during the existence of the regulated tenancy, of certain
works), a tenancy falling within sub-paragraph ( 1) (a) above shall be
deemed to have been a regulated tenancy throughout the period
when Part VIII of the 1972 Act applied to it.
!
c . 44
1280 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 23.
1972 с. 47.
1971 с. 28.
( 3 ) In the case of a regulated tenancy falling within sub-paragraph
(1)(b) above, paragraph 1(1) (b ) of the said Schedule 6 shall have
effect as if the reference to the completion of works during the
existence of the regulated tenancy included a reference to their
completion during the period beginning on the day on which Part
VIII of the 1972 Act first applied to the tenancy referred to in para-
graph 5(1) above and ending on the day on which the regulated
tenancy came into existence.
(4) The references in paragraph 3(1) of the said Schedule 6 to
notices of increase authorised by the Rent Act 1968 shall include a
reference to notices of increase under section 87 of the 1972 Act.
10. In the application of section 25 of the Rent Act 1968 (increase,
on account of improvements, of recoverable rent for statutory periods
before registration ) in relation to a statutory tenancy arising on the
termination of a tenancy which becomes a protected tenancy by
virtue of section 18(1) of this Act and a statutory tenancy imposed
by virtue of paragraph 5 above, for the reference to 7th December
1965 (the date after which the improvement must be completed)
there shall be substituted a reference to the operative date.
11. In the application of section 46 of the Rent Act 1968 in relation
to a tenancy which becomes a protected tenancy by virtue of section
18(1) of this Act or a statutory tenancy which is imposed by virtue
of paragraph 5 above, the reference in subsection (3) to a failure to
comply with any terms of a regulated tenancy or to carrying out an
improvement includes a reference to a failure occurring or an
improvement carried out before the tenancy became a regulated
tenancy or, as the case may be, before the statutory tenancy was
imposed.
12. In this Part of this Schedule " the 1972 Act " means the
Housing Finance Act 1972 and sections 38(1) and 113(1) of the Rent
Act 1968 (interpretation ) shall have effect for the purposes of this
Schedule as they have effect for the purposes of Part III or, as the
case may be, the whole of that Act.
PART III
APPLICATION OF RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT 1971
13.- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph apply on and after the
operative date in any case where-
( a ) a tenancy of a dwelling- house under which the interest of
the landlord belonged to a housing association has come to
an end at a time before the operative date (whether before
or after the passing of this Act), and
( b) on the date when it came to an end, the tenancy was one to
which sections 60 to 66 of the 1972 Act applied, and
( c ) if the tenancy had come to an end after the operative date
it would, by virtue of section 18(1) of this Act , have then
been a protected tenancy.
( 2) No order for possession of the dwelling-house shall be made
which would not be made if the tenancy had been a protected tenancy
at the time it came to an end.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1281
( 3) Where a court has made an order for possession of the
dwelling-house before the operative date, but the order has not been
executed, the court, if of opinion that the order would not have been
made if the tenancy had been a protected tenancy when it came to an
end may, on the application of the person against whom it was made,
rescind or vary it in such manner as the court thinks fit for the
purpose of enabling him to continue in possession.
( 4 ) If on the operative date the person who was the tenant under
the tenancy which has come to an end duly retains possession of the
dwelling-house, he shall be deemed to do so as a statutory tenant
under a regulated tenancy and as a person who became a statutory
tenant on the termination of a protected tenancy under which he was
the tenant .
( 5 ) If on the operative date a person duly retains possession of the
dwelling-house as being a person who, in the circumstances described
in paragraph 1( 3) ( c) above, would have been the first successor,
within the meaning of Schedule 1 to the 1971 Act he shall be deemed
to do so as the statutory tenant under a regulated tenancy and as a
person who became a statutory tenant by virtue of paragraph 2 or
paragraph 3 of that Schedule.
( 6 ) If on the operative date a person duly retains possession of
the dwelling-house as being a person who, in the circumstances
described in paragraph 1( 3) ( c) above, would have become the statu-
tory tenant on the death of a first successor, he shall be deemed
to do so as the statutory tenant under a regulated tenancy and as
a person who became a statutory tenant by virtue of paragraph 6
or paragraph 7 of Schedule 1 to the 1971 Act .
( 7 ) References in the preceding provisions of this paragraph to
aperson duly retaining possession of adwelling-house are references
to his retaining possession without any order for possession having
been made or, where such an order has been made, -
( a ) during any period while its operation is postponed or its
execution is suspended ; or
( b ) after it has been rescinded.
( 8) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 9 ) below, the tenancy referred to in
sub-paragraph (1) above shall be treated as the original contract of
tenancy for the purposes of section 12 of the 1971 Act ( terms and
conditions of statutory tenancies ) in relation to a statutory tenancy
imposed by any of sub-paragraphs ( 4) to (6) above.
( 9) The court may by order vary all or any of the terms of a
statutory tenancy imposed by any of sub-paragraphs ( 4 ) to (6) above
in any way appearing to the court to be just and equitable (and
whether or not in a way authorised by the provisions of sections 22
and 23 of the 1971 Act).
14.- ( 1 ) This paragraph applies to-
( a) a tenancy which becomes a protected tenancy by virtue of
section 18(1) of this Act ;
Part II L
SCH. 3
c . 44
1282 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3 ( b ) a statutory tenancy which is deemed to arise under paragraph
13 above ; and
( c ) a statutory tenancy arising on the termination of any such
tenancy as is referred to in head (a ) or ( b) of this sub-
paragraph .
( 2 ) The contractual rent limit for any contractual period of a ten-
ancy to which this paragraph applies or the limit of rent recoverable
for any statutory period of that tenancy shall be determined as
follows-
( a) where no rent has been registered for the dwelling-house
under the previous housing association tenancy, the limit for
the purposes of section 19(1) or, subject to sections
22 to 24, of section 21(1) of the 1971 Act, shall be the
rent recoverable for the last rental period of that tenancy
determined in accordance with section 62(3) of the 1972
Act, until either-
( i ) a rent is registered for the dwelling-house under
Part IV of the 1971 Act, or
( ii ) a rent agreement with a tenant having security of
tenure is entered into with respect to the dwelling-house ;
(b) where a rent has been registered for the dwelling-house
under the previous housing association tenancy and the
rent recoverable for the last rental period of that tenancy
was that registered rent, the limit, for the purposes of
section 19( 2) or section 21 ( 2) of the 1971 Act, but subject
to the provisions of those sections, shall be the registered
rent until either-
(i) a new rent is registered for the dwelling- house
under Part IV of the 1971 Act, or
(ii ) the rent registered for the dwelling-house is can-
celled in terms of section 44A of the 1971 Act ;
( c ) where a rent has been registered for the dwelling-house
under the previous housing association tenancy and the
rent recoverable for the last rental period of that tenancy
was determined in accordance with section 63 of the 1972
Act, the limit, for the purposes of section 19( 2 ) or of
section 21(2) of the 1971 Act, shall be the rent limit as
determined in accordance with the said section 63 of the
1972 Act and, for this purpose, that registration and the
provisions of sections 62( 4), 63( 2) to (4) and 67 of that
Act shall subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph ( 3)
of this paragraph, continue to apply or, as the case may
require, shall apply to the rent of a dwelling-house under
a tenancy to which this paragraph applies as if that tenancy
had been a tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of the 1972
Act applied, until either-
(i ) a new rent is registered for the dwelling-house
under Part IV of the 1971 Act, or
(ii ) the rent registered for the dwelling-house is can-
celled in terms of section 44A of the 1971 Act ;
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1283
( d ) where a rent has been registered for the dwelling-house
and the Secretary of State has given a direction under
section 64( 4) of the 1972 Act, specifying the rent limit for
the dwelling-house under the previous housing association
tenancy , the limit, for the purposes of section 19( 2) or of
section 21(2) of the 1971 Act, shall be the rent limit
specified in the direction and, for this purpose, the pro-
visions of sections 62( 1), ( 2), (4) and (5 ), 64 and 67
of the 1972 Act shall continue to apply or, as the case
may require, shall apply to the rent of a dwelling-house
under a tenancy to which this paragraph applies as if
that tenancy had been a tenancy to which sections 60 to
66 of the 1972 Act applies, until-
(i ) the direction ceases to have effect ( whether because
any condition included in the direction is not complied
with or because the period for which the direction has
effect ends), or
(ii) a new rent is registered for the dwelling-house
under Part IV of the 1971 Act (whether or not the new
rent exceeds the rent provisionally registered or the rent
specified in the direction) ;
and where any of the events specified in the foregoing provisions
of this sub-paragraph take place the said limits shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Rent ( Scotland) Acts 1971
and 1972.
( 3) In the application, by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 2) (c ) of this
paragraph, of subsection (2 ) of section 63 of the 1972 Act to the
rent of a dwelling-house subject to a statutory tenancy which is
deemed to arise under paragraph 13 above, that subsection shall
be deemed to have continued to apply throughout the period between
the termination of the tenancy referred to in paragraph 13(1) (a)
above and the operative date ; but nothing in this sub-paragraph
shall affect the rent recoverable for that dwelling-house at any time
during that period.
( 4 ) In the case where sub-paragraph ( 2)( c ) of this paragraph
applies, and the rent limit therein referred to is the rent limit as
determined in accordance with section 63 of the 1972 Act, any
notice of increase under section 21 (2)(b) of the 1971 Act shall not
increase the rent for any statutory period of a tenancy to which
this paragraph applies above the rent limit as so determined, and
any such notice which purports to increase it further shall have
effect to increase it to that limit but no further.
( 5 ) In the application of section 24 (1) of the 1971 Act (increase
of rent for improvements) to a tenancy to which this paragraph
applies, for the reference to 8th December 1965 ( the date after
which the improvement must be completed ) there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the operative date.
( 6 ) Section 42 of the 1971 Act ( determination of fair rent ) shall
apply in relation to a tenancy to which this paragraph applies as if
L2
SCH. 3
c . 44
1284 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 3
1971 с. 28.
1972 с. 46.
Section 47.
the reference in subsection ( 3) of the said section 42 to the tenant
under the regulated tenancy included references to the tenant under
the previous housing association tenancy.
( 7 ) Any right conferred upon a tenant by section 31 of the 1971
Act, as applied by section 62( 5) of the 1972 Act, to recover any
amount by deducting it from rent should be exercisable by deducting
it from rent for any rental period beginning after the tenancy has
become a tenancy to which this paragraph applies to the same extent
as the right would have been exercisable if the tenancy had not
become such a tenancy.
( 8) The fact that the tenancy has become a tenancy to which this
paragraph applies should not be taken as affecting any court proceed-
ings which are pending under section 67( 3) of the 1972 Act at the
time when the tenancy becomes such a tenancy and a decision on
which may affect the recoverable rent for any period before that time
or the rent under the tenancy to which this paragraph applies so far
as that depends upon the recoverable rent before that time.
15. The sheriff shall have jurisdiction, either in the course of any
proceedings relating to a dwelling-house or on an application made
for the purpose by the landlord or the tenant, to determine any
question-
( a ) as to the application of this Part of this Schedule to any
tenancy or as to any matter which is or may become
material for determining any such question, or
( b ) as to the amount of rent recoverable under a tenancy to
which paragraph 13 above applies ;
and section 123(1) of the 1971 Act shall apply to any application to
the sheriff under this paragraph as it applies to any application
under any of the provisions mentioned in section 123( 3) of that Act.
16. In this Part of this Schedule-
" the 1971 Act " means the Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 ;
" the 1972 Act " means the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 ;
66
the court " means " the sheriff " ;
" the previous housing association tenancy ", in relation to a
tenancy to which paragraph 14 above applies, means the
tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of the 1972 Act applied
which either became the protected tenancy by virtue of
section 18(1 ) of this Act or came to an end as mentioned
in paragraph 13(1)(a) above ; and
other expressions used in this Part of this Schedule which are also
used in the Rent ( Scotland ) Acts 1971 and 1972 shall have the same
meanings in this Part as they have in those Acts.
SCHEDULE 4
NOTIFICATION PROCEDURE
1. Where, by virtue of the principal section, a person is under an
obligation to notify a local authority of any matter, the obligation
shall be fulfilled by furnishing to the local authority a notification in
writing containing the information specified in the following pro-
visions of this Schedule.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1285
2.- (1 ) Every such notification shall contain-
( a ) the name and address of the person by whom it is furnished ;
(b ) the address of , and any further information necessary to
identify, the land to which the notification relates ; and
( c ) the estate or interest in that land which the person by whom
the notification is furnished has at the time it is furnished.
( 2) The reference in sub- paragraph (1)(a) above to a person's
address is a reference to his place of abode or his place of business
or , in the case of a company, its registered office.
( 3) To the extent that it is capable of being so given, the
information required by sub-paragraph ( 1)( b) above may be given
by reference to a plan accompanying the notification.
3.- (1) A notification given in compliance with subsection (1) or
subsection ( 2) of the principal section shall also specify-
( a ) whether the tenancy concerned is periodic or for a term
certain ;
( b) the duration of the period or term ; and
( c ) the date on which the tenancy will come to an end ( by
virtue of the service of the notice to quit or by effluxion
of time ) .
( 2) If the landlord considers it appropriate, he may also, in a
notification given in compliance with subsection (1) of the principal
section, give his reason for serving the notice to quit .
4. A notification given in compliance with subsection ( 3) of the
principal section shall also specify whether, at the time the notifi-
cation is furnished, the person furnishing it intends to retain any
estate or interest in the land specified in the notification in accordance
with paragraph 2( 1)( b) above and, if he does, the nature of that
estate or interest and the land in which he intends that it should
subsist .
5. In this Schedule " the principal section " means section 47 of
this Act.
SCH. 4
SCHEDULE 5
GENERAL IMPROVEMENT AREAS
Sections 50
and 51 .
PART I
SECTIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED FOR HOUSING ACT 1969, SECTION 28 1969 c. 33.
28.- (1 ) Where a report with respect to a predominantly residential
area within the district of a local authority is submitted to them by
aperson or persons appearing to the authority to be suitably qualified
( whether or not that person is or those persons include an officer of
the authority) and it appears to the authority, upon consideration of
the report and of any other information in their possession, that living
L3
i
c . 44
1286 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 5 conditions in the area can most appropriately be improved by the
improvement of the amenities of the area or dwellings therein or
both and that such an improvement may be effected or assisted by
the exercise of their powers under this Act, the authority may cause
the area to be defined on a map and by a resolution (in this section
referred to as a " preliminary resolution ") declare their intention that
the area should become a general improvement area in accordance
with the provisions of this section.
( 2) If a local authority have passed a preliminary resolution with
respect to any area, they may, subject to the following provisions of
this section, proceed by a further resolution ( in this section referred
to as a " confirmatory resolution ") to confirm the preliminary resolu-
tion and to declare the area to be a general improvement area ; and
in relation to a confirmatory resolution or a proposed confirmatory
resolution, " the relevant preliminary resolution " means the pre-
liminary resolution confirmed or, as the case may be, proposed to
be confirmed, by the confirmatory resolution.
( 3) A local authority may not proceed to pass a confirmatory
resolution with respect to the area to which the relevant preliminary
resolution relates ( in the following provisions of this section referred
to as " the proposed general improvement area ") unless, within the
period of six months beginning with the date on which the relevant
preliminary resolution was passed, they notify the Secretary of State
in writing of their intention to do so and send to him-
( a ) acopy of the relevant preliminary resolution ;
(b ) a copy of the map defining the proposed general improve-
ment area ;
( c ) a copy of the report referred to in subsection (1) above,
the consideration of which led to the passing of the relevant
preliminary resolution ; and
( d ) such other information and documents as the Secretary of
State may direct with respect to general improvement areas
generally .
( 4 ) On receipt of a notification or of any other document or
information sent to him under subsection ( 3) above with respect to
a proposed general improvement area, the Secretary of State shall
send a written acknowledgment to the authority by whom the
notification or other document was sent and, if it appears to him to
be appropriate to do so, he may, at any time within the appropriate
period , send a notification to the authority-
( a ) that they may not pass a confirmatory resolution with respect
to the proposed general improvement area ; or
(b ) that he requires more time to consider the proposed declara-
tion of that area as a general improvement area.
( 5 ) Where the Secretary of State notifies a local authority as
mentioned in subsection (4) (b) above, he shall, on completion of
his consideration of the matter, send a further notification to the
authority-
(a) that they may not pass a confirmatory resolution with respect
to the proposed general improvement area ; or
(b) that they are at liberty to proceed to pass such a resolution.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1287
(6 ) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, if-
( a ) a local authority have notified the Secretary of State as
mentioned in that subsection with respect to a proposed
general improvement area but are not yet able to proceed
to pass a confirmatory resolution with respect to it, and
( b ) the Secretary of State, by a direction given with respect
to that particular area, so requires,
the local authority shall send to him such other information and
documents with respect to that area as may be specified in the
direction.
SCH. 5
( 7 ) In this section " the appropriate period ", in relation to the
proposed general improvement area to which a preliminary resolu-
tion relates, means the period-
( a ) of 28 days or such longer period as the Secretary of State
may by order made by statutory instrument specify for the
purposes of this subsection, and
( b ) beginning on the date on which the acknowledgment or, as
the case may be, the last acknowledgment of any document
or information with respect to that proposed general im-
provement area was sent to the local authority concerned
under subsection ( 4 ) above.
( 8) In any case where a local authority have passed a preliminary
resolution and, in accordance with subsection (3) above, have sent
to the Secretary of State a notification and other documents relating
to the proposed general improvement area, they may not proceed to
pass aconfirmatory resolution with respect to that area-
( a ) before the expiry of the appropriate period, and
( b ) if the Secretary of State notifies them as mentioned in sub-
section (4)(b) above, unless and until they are notified as
mentioned in subsection (5) (b) above,
but if the authority are notified as mentioned in subsection (4)(a) or
subsection (5)( a ) above, no resolution confirming that preliminary
resolution may be passed with respect to the proposed general
improvement area.
28A . As soon as may be after the passing of a confirmatory Publicity for,
resolution, within the meaning of section 28 of this Act, declaring and information
an area to be a general improvement area, the local authority shall with respect
to, general
( a ) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the locality improvement
( of which one at least shall, if practicable, be a local news-
area.
paper ) a notice of the resolution identifying the area and
naming a place or places where a copy of the resolution,
of the map on which the area is defined and of the report
mentioned in section 28(1) of this Act may be inspected
at all reasonable times ;
( b ) take such further steps as may appear to them best designed
to secure that the resolution is brought to the attention of
persons residing or owning property within the area and
that those persons are informed of the name and address
L4
c . 44
1288 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 5 of the person to whom any enquiries and representations
concerning any action to be taken in the exercise of the
local authority's powers under this Part of this Act should
be addressed ; and
( c ) send to the Secretary of State a copy of the resolution and a
statement of the number of dwellings in the area.
1969 с. 33.
PART 11
OTHER AMENDMENTS OF PART II OF HOUSING ACT 1969
1. After section 29 of the Housing Act 1969 there shall be inserted
the following sections :-
"Housing
29A . A general improvement area shall not be so
action areas
excluded
defined as to include ( but may be so defined as to
fromgeneral surround ) any land which is for the time being comprised
improve- in a housing action area declared under Part IV of the
ment areas. Housing Act 1974.
Incorpora- tionof
29B. (1 ) If a local authority propose, by a preliminary
resolution under section 28(1) of this Act , to declare
priority neighbour- hoods into
their intention that an area should become a general im-
provement area and that area consists of or includes land
general improve- ment areas.
which, immediately prior to the declaration, is comprised
in a priority neighbourhood declared under Part VI of the
Housing Act 1974, they shall indicate on the map referred
to in the said section 28( 1) the land which is so com-
prised (in this section referred to as " priority land ") .
( 2 ) If a local authority, by a confirmatory resolution
under section 28( 2 ) of this Act, confirm a preliminary
resolution and declare as a general improvement area
an area which, immediately prior to the declaration,
consists of or includes priority land , then, with effect from
the date on which the confirmatory resolution is passed,
the priority land shall be deemed, as the case may require,
either-
(a ) to have ceased to be a priority neighbourhood by
virtue of a resolution passed on that date under
section 39( 3) of the Housing Act 1974 ( as it
applies in relation to such a neighbourhood by
virtue of section 54 of that Act) ; or
( b) to have been excluded from the priority neigh-
bourhood concerned by virtue of a resolution
passed on that date under section 40 (1) of that
Act (as it applies in relation to such a neigh-
bourhood by virtue of the said section 54 ). "
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1289
2.- (1) In section 30 of that Act ( changes with respect to general
improvement area ) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
"(1A ) In any case where, by virtue of a resolution under
subsection (1) above, any land is excluded from a general
improvement area or, as the case may be, an area ceases to
be a general improvement area, the resolution shall not affect
the continued operation of this Part of this Act and of any
other provision relating to general improvement areas in rela-
tion to any works which have been begun before the date
on which the resolution takes effect, but, subject thereto, the
exclusion or cessation shall apply with respect to the approval
before that date of any expenditure in respect of works which
have not been begun before that date. "
( 2) Subsections ( 2 ) and ( 3) of that section (power of local authority
by resolution to include land adjoining a general improvement area
in that area ) shall cease to have effect.
3. In section 32 of that Act ( general powers exercisable by local
authority in general improvement area ) in subsection ( 5 ) ( nothing
in section 32 to enable a local authority to make any grant where
such a grant might be made under Part I of that Act) for the words
" Part I of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " Part VII
of the Housing Act 1974 ".
4.- (1) After subsection ( 5 ) of section 37 of that Act ( power of
Secretary of State by order to alter the maximum of the aggregate
expenditure of local authorities which can be approved for the
purposes of his contribution in respect of a general improvement
area ) there shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" ( 5A) Without prejudice to subsection ( 5 ) above, the Secre-
tary of State may direct that, in the case of a particular general
improvement area or any description of general improvement
area, subsection ( 4) above shall have effect as if for the amount
of £100 mentioned in that subsection, or such other amount as
may for the time being be substituted for that amount under
subsection (5 ) above, there were substituted a greater amount."
( 2 ) In subsection ( 7 ) of that section (for purposes of contributions
by Secretary of State to local authorities towards expenditure in
general improvement areas, certain expenditure by housing association
to be treated as that of local authority ) there shall be inserted
before the words "housing association ", in the first and third
places where they occur , the word "registered" and at the end
of that subsection there shall be added the following subsection : -
" ( 8 ) In subsection ( 7 ) of this section ' registered housing
association ' means a housing association registered in the register
of housing associations established under section 13 of the
Housing Act 1974 ".
5. In subsection ( 2 ) of section 40 of that Act (in relation to land
in a general improvement area declared by them, the Greater London
Council is to be deemed to be the local authority for certain purposes
and certain functions are to be exerciseable by other authorities only
after consultation with the Greater London Council ) in paragraph
SCH. 5
c. 44
1290 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 5 (a ), for the words " sections 17 to 22 and 74 of this Act ", there shall
be substituted the words " section 74 of this Act and section 79 of
the Housing Act 1974 ", the words " Part I of this Act other than
sections 17 to 22 " shall be omitted and for the words " and Part II
of the Act of 1957 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II
of the Act of 1957 and Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 other
than section 79 " ; and in paragraph (b), for the words from " section
19 " to " that Act " there shall be substituted the words " or Part IV
of the Housing Act 1964 " .
Sections 58,
68 and 70.
SCHEDULE 6
STANDARD AMENITIES
PART I
LIST OF AMENITIES AND MAXIMUM ELIGIBLE AMOUNTS
Maximum
eligible
Description ofAmenity
amount
£
Afixed bath or shower
... ... ... ... ... 100
Ahot and cold water supply at a fixed bath or shower ...
140
Awash-hand basin... ... ... ... ... ... 50
Ahot and cold water supply at a wash-hand basin
...
70
Asink
... ...
... ... ... ... 100
...
Ahot and cold water supply at a sink
... ... ... 90
Awater closet
... ... ... ... ... ... 150
PART II
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTAIN AMENITIES
1. Except as provided by paragraph 2 below, a fixed bath or
shower must be in a bathroom.
2. If it is not reasonably practicable for the fixed bath or shower
to be in a bathroom but it is reasonably practicable for it to be
provided with a hot and cold water supply it need not be in a bath-
room but may be in any part of the dwelling which is not a bedroom.
3. The water closet must, if reasonably practicable, be in, and
accessible from within, the dwelling or, where the dwelling is part
of a larger building, in such a position in that building as to be
readily accessible from the dwelling.
Section 106.
1972 с. 47.
SCHEDULE 7
LODGING- HOUSES AND HOSTELS : AMENDMENTS OF SCHEDULE 1 TO
HOUSING FINANCE ACT 1972
1. In Part I (credits and debits ) in paragraph 1(1) (a ) after the
word " rents ", in the first place where it occurs, there shall be
inserted the words " and charges" and after the word " rents ", in
Housing Act 1974 1291
C.
the second place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words
" or charges".
2. In Part II (rate fund contributions to the Housing Revenue
Account ) after paragraph 9 there shall be added the following
paragraph:-
"Charges for lodging- houses and hostels
9A . (1 ) If for any year the amount received by the local
authority by way of charges in respect of lodging-houses (that
is to say, houses not occupied as separate dwellings) and hostels
within the account is less than the amount which would have
been received if those charges had been equal to the reckonable
charges, the local authority shall make a rate fund contribution
for that year of an amount equal to the deficiency.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " the reckonable charges ", in relation
to any such lodging- houses or hostels, means such charges as,
in the opinion of the Secretary of State, are reasonable and
appropriate, having regard to all the circumstances.
( 3) For the purposes of this paragraph the amount of any
charges shall be calculated in such manner as the Secretary of
State may from time to time determine, either generally or with
respect to a particular authority or authorities or in any par-
ticular case.
( 4 ) Before making a general determination under sub-
paragraph (3) above, the Secretary of State shall consult with
such associations of housing authorities as appear to him to be
concerned and with any housing authority with whom consulta-
tion appears to him to be desirable. "
3. In Part III (limitation of certain subsidies and rate fund con-
tributions ) in head E of the Table in paragraph 11, for the words
" and 9 " there shall be substituted the words " 9 and 9A ".
SCH. 7
SCHEDULE 8
REDUCTION OF RATEABLE VALUE IN CASE OF CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS
1.- (1) Where the tenant, or any previous tenant, has made or
contributed to the cost of an improvement on the premises comprised
in the tenancy and the improvement is one to which this Schedule
applies, then, if the tenant serves on the landlord a notice in the
prescribed form requiring him to agree to a reduction under this
Schedule, their rateable value as ascertained for the purposes of
subsection (1) of section 1 of this Act shall be reduced by such
amount, if any, as may be agreed or determined in accordance with
the following provisions of this Schedule.
( 2 ) This Schedule applies to any improvement made by the
execution of works amounting to structural alteration, extension or
addition.
2.- (1 ) The amount of any such reduction may at any time be
agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant.
Section 118.
c . 44
1292 Housing Act 1974
SCH . 8 ( 2) Where, at the expiration of a period of six weeks from the
service of a notice under paragraph 1 of this Schedule any of the
following matters has not been agreed in writing between the land-
lord and the tenant, that is to say, -
( a ) whether the improvement specified in the notice is an im-
provement to which this Schedule applies ;
( b ) what works were involved in it ;
(c ) whether the tenant or a previous tenant under the tenancy
has made it or contributed to its cost ; and
( d ) what proportion his contribution , if any, bears to the whole
cost;
the county court may on the application of the tenant determine that
matter, and any such determination shall be final and conclusive.
( 3) An application under the last foregoing sub-paragraph must be
made within six weeks from the expiration of the period mentioned
therein or such longer time as the court may allow.
3.- (1) Where, after the service of a notice under paragraph 1
of this Schedule, it is agreed in writing between the landlord and
tenant or determined by the county court-
( a ) that the improvement specified in the notice is one to which
this Schedule applies, and what works were involved in it ,
and
( b ) that the tenant or a previous tenant under the tenancy has
made it or contributed to its cost, and, in the latter case,
what proportion his contribution bears to the whole cost,
then if , at the expiration of a period of two weeks from the
agreement or determination, it has not been agreed in
writing between the landlord and the tenant whether any
or what reduction is to be made under this Schedule, and
the tenant, within four weeks from the expiration of that
period, makes an application to the valuation officer for a
certificate under the next following sub-paragraph, that
question shall be determined in accordance with the certi-
ficate unless the landlord and the tenant otherwise agree
inwriting .
( 2) On any such application the valuation officer shall certify-
( a ) whether or not the improvement has affected the rateable
value on the 1st April, 1973 (as ascertained for the purposes
of subsection (1) of section 1 of this Act ), of the heredita-
ment of which the premises consist or, as the case may be,
in which they are wholly or partly comprised, and
( b ) if it has, the amount by which the rateable value would
have been less if the improvement had not been made.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1293
( 3) An application for such a certificate shall be in the prescribed
form and shall state the name and address of the landlord, and
the Valuation Officer shall send a copy of the certificate to the
landlord.
( 4 ) Where the amount of the reduction under this Schedule falls
to be determined in accordance with such a certificate, it shall be
equal to the amount specified in pursuance of head (b) of sub-
paragraph ( 2) of this paragraph, but proportionately reduced in any
case where a proportion only of the cost was contributed by the
tenant or a previous tenant under the tenancy .
( 5 ) Where at the time of an application for a certificate under
this paragraph a proposal for an alteration in the valuation list
relating to the hereditament is pending and the alteration would
have effect from a date earlier than the 2nd April, 1973, the Valuation
Officer shall not issue the certificate until the proposal is settled.
FORM ...
Leasehold Reform Act 1967
Notice by Tenant to Landlord of Tenant's Improvements affecting
Rateable Value
SCH. 8
Date
To landlord of
1 [I] [A previous tenant of the above mentioned premises under
the tenancy] [made] [ contributed to the cost of ] the improvement[s]
to the above mentioned premises particulars of which are set out
in the First Schedule hereto ( Note 1 ).
2 I hereby require you to agree to a reduction in the rateable
value of the premises for the purposes of the Leasehold Reform Act
1967.
3 I propose that the rateable value shall be reduced to £ ...
( Note 2 ).
4 If you do not agree to this reduction ( Note 3), do you agree
that-
( a ) the improvement[s] [is] [are] [an] improvement[s] made
by the execution of works amounting to the structural
alteration or extension of the premises or a structural
addition thereto ;
( b ) the works set out in the Second Schedule hereto were
involved in the making of the improvement[s] ;
( c ) [I] [A previous tenant under the tenancy] [made the
improvement[ s]] (contributed to the cost of the
improvement[s] ] ;
( d ) the proportion of the cost borne by me or a previous
tenant is....
Signature of tenant....................
c . 44
1294 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 8 First Schedule
Description of Improvement(s)
Second Schedule
Description of Works
Strike out words in square brackets if inapplicable.
Note 1
The improvement must be one made by the execution of
works amounting to the structural alteration or extension
of the premises or a structural addition thereto, e.g. the
erection of a garage in the grounds.
Note 2
If the amount of the reduction is agreed in writing between
the landlord and the tenant, the amount of the reduced
rateable value as so agreed will be substituted for the pur-
poses of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967, for the rateable
value on 1st April, 1973.
Note 3
If the amount of the reduction is not agreed in writing between
the landlord and the tenant, the Valuation Officer will have
to decide whether the improvement has affected the rateable
value of the premises, and if so, what that value would have
been had the improvement not been made. The name and
address of the Valuation Officer can be obtained from the
local authority. Before, however, an application is made to
the Valuation Officer, the landlord and the tenant must try
to agree in writing on the items mentioned at ( a ) to ( d ) of
this paragraph, or such of those items as are material. If at
the end of a period of six weeks after the service of this
notice any of these items have not been agreed, the tenant
may, within a further six weeks or so much longer time as
the court may allow, apply to the county court to settle
the matter.
If it has either been agreed or determined by the county
court that there has been an improvement of the kind
described in Note 1 involving specified works, and that the
improvement was carried out by the tenant or a previous
tenant, or that the tenant or a previous tenant contributed
to its cost, and in the latter case what proportion the
contribution bears to the whole cost of the works, then, if
within a period of two weeks after the agreement or deter-
mination of the county court the landlord and the tenant
have still not agreed in writing whether any or what reduction
is to be made, the tenant has a further four weeks in which
to make an application in the statutory form to the Valuation
Officer for a certificate as to whether or not the improvement
has affected the rateable value, and if so, the amount by
which that value would have been less if the improvement
had not been made.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1295
FORM ...
Leasehold Reform Act 1967
Application by Tenant to Valuation Officer for Certificate as to
Reduction for the purposes of the Leasehold Reform Act 1967,
in the Rateable Value of premises on account of Tenant's
Improvements
SCH. 8
Date..
......
To the Valuation Officer.
1 I am the tenant of
,
and my landlord is |
of
2 It has been [agreed in writing between me and my landlord]
[ determined by the county court ] that the improvement[s ] specified
in the First Schedule hereto [is an improvement] [are improvements]
to which Schedule Seven to the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 applies,
and that I or a previous tenant under the tenancy made the
improvement[s] or contributed to [its) (their) cost, and that the
works specified in the Second Schedule hereto were involved in the
improvement[s] .
3 It has not been agreed between me and my landlord whether
any or what reduction is to be made under said Schedule Seven in
the rateable value of the premises for the purposes of the Leasehold
Reform Act 1967, and I hereby make application to you for a
certificate under paragraph 3( 2 ) of the said Schedule Seven ( Note 4 ) .
Signature of Tenant
First Schedule
Description of Improvement( s)
Second Schedule
Description of Works
Strike out words in square brackets if inapplicable.
Note 4
If the Valuation Officer certifies that the rateable value
would have been less but for the improvement by the amounts
mentioned in the certificate, the rateable value will be reduced
by those amounts for the purposes of the Leasehold Reform
Act 1967 except in the case where a proportion only of the
cost was contributed by the tenant, in which case the amounts
of the reductions will be proportionately reduced accordingly.
SCHEDULE 9
PROVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED FOR SUBSECTION (1) OF SECTION 60
OF THE HOUSING ACT 1957
(1) Where a house is made the subject of a compulsory purchase
order under this Part of this Act as being unfit for human habitation
Section 108.
1957 с. 56.
c .44
1296 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 9
1969 с. 33.
or is made the subject of a clearance order, then not later than the
date or, if there is more than one, the last date on which they
served a notice of the effect of the order under paragraph 2( 1)(b) of
Schedule 3 or, as the case may be, paragraph 3(1)(b ) of Schedule 5
to this Act, the local authority shall-
( a ) serve on every owner, lessee, mortgagee and occupier of
the house, so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain
those persons, a notification under subsection (1A) of this
section with respect to the house ; and
( b ) in the case of a house falling within subsection ( 2) of
section 67 of the Housing Act 1969 ( houses comprising more
than one dwelling or occupied partly for the purposes of a
dwelling and partly for other purposes ), serve on every
owner, lessee, mortgagee and occupier of each dwelling in
the house, so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascer-
tain those persons, a notification under subsection (1A )
of this section with respect to that dwelling.
(1A ) The notification referred to in subsection (1) of this section
shall be in the prescribed form and shall state that the local authority
are satisfied-
( a ) that, in the case of a house which does not fall within sub-
section (1 ) or subsection (2) of section 67 of the Housing
Act 1969 (payments in respect of partially well maintained
houses or parts of buildings ), both the interior and the
exterior of the house have been well maintained ; or
( b) that, in the case of a house which, apart from section 67
of the Housing Act 1969, would not be treated as well
maintained for the purposes of this section, either the
exterior or the interior of the house has been well main-
tained ; or
( c ) that, in the case of a house falling within subsection (2) of
the said section 67, the exterior, as defined in that sub-
section, has been well maintained ; or
( d ) that, in the case of any such dwelling as falls within sub-
section ( 2) of the said section 67, the interior of the dwelling
has been well maintained ; or
( e ) that no part of the house or dwelling in respect of which
a payment might otherwise be made under this section has
beenwell maintained .
(1B) Any notification stating that a local authority are satisfied-
( a ) as mentioned in paragraph ( b ) of subsection (1A ) of this
section shall also state the reasons why the local autho-
rity are not satisfied that the interior or, as the case may
be, the exterior of the house concerned has been well
maintained ;
( b ) as mentioned in paragraph ( e ) of that subsection shall also
state the reasons why the local authority are satisfied that
no part of the house or dwelling in respect of which a
payment might otherwise be made under this section has
been well maintained.
с . 44
Housing Act 1974 1297
( 1C ) Where a local authority have served a notification under
subsection ( 1A) above, other than a notification falling within para-
graph (e) thereof, and the house or dwelling to which the notifica-
tion relates is included in the compulsory purchase order or clear-
ance order as confirmed by the Secretary of State and, in the case
of a compulsory purchase order, is so included as being unfit for
human habitation, then, according to the nature of the notification,
the local authority shall make a payment under this section in
respect of the house or dwelling, namely-
( a ) in the case of a notification falling within paragraph (a) of
that subsection, a payment of such amount, if any, as is
ascertained in accordance with Part I of Schedule 2 to
this Act ; and
(b ) in the case of any other notification, a payment of one-half
ofthe amount, if any, so ascertained.
(1D ) If, in the case of a notification to which subsection (1B)
of this section applies, any owner, lessee, mortgagee or occupier
of the house or dwelling to which the notification relates is aggrieved
at the decision of the local authority that they are not satisfied as
mentioned in paragraph ( a ) or paragraph ( b) of that subsection and
makes written representation to that effect to the Secretary of State-
( a ) in the prescribed manner, and
( b ) within the period within which an objection may be made
to the compulsory purchase order or clearance order con-
cerned ,
the Secretary of State may, if he thinks it appropriate to do so and
(if he considers it necessary ) after causing the house or dwelling
concerned to be inspected by an officer of his department, give
directions for the making by the local authority of a payment ( or,
as the case may be, a further payment ) in respect of the house or
dwelling concerned of such amount, if any, as is ascertained in
accordance with Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act or, as the case may
require, of one-half of that amount.
SCHEDULE 10
REHABILITATION ORDERS
General
1.- (1 ) A rehabilitation order may, in addition to applying to any
building to which section 114 of this Act applies, be made to apply
to-
( a ) any other building comprised in the clearance area,
( b ) any land or building which is not comprised in the clearance
area but which is subject to the same compulsory purchase
order or, as the case may be, has (since being included
in the clearance area ) been acquired by the authority by
agreement under section 43( 2) of the Act of 1957, and
( c ) any land or building to which the provisions of Part III of
the Act of 1957 apply by virtue of section 49 of that Act .
SCH. 9
Section 114.
c . 44
1298 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 10
1965 с. 56.
( 2) Where, by virtue of this Schedule, a local authority are freed
from the duty to demolish a house which was included in a clearance
area as being unfit for human habitation, the authority shall take
such steps as are necessary-
( a ) to bring the building up to the full standard, or
( b) where the building is not vested in the authority, to ensure
that it is brought up to that standard.
( 3) A local authority may, for the purpose of section 114 of this
Act, accept undertakings from the owner of a building, or any other
person who has or will have an interest in the building, and in
particular undertakings concerning the works to be carried out to
bring the building up to the full standard, and the time within which
the works are to be carried out.
2.- (1 ) A local authority shall not make a rehabilitation order
relating to land subject to a compulsory purchase order unless they
are satisfied that, after the rehabilitation order comes into force,
they can effectively fulfil their duties under Part III of the Act of
1957 as regards the remaining land subject to the compulsory purchase
order.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph (1) above, a rehabilitation order may
be made notwithstanding that the effect of the order in excluding
any building from a clearance area is to sever that area into two
or more separate and distinct areas, and in any such case the
provisions of Part III of the Act of 1957 relating to the effect of a
compulsory purchase order when confirmed, and to the proceedings
to be taken after confirmation of the order, shall apply as if those
areas formed one clearance area.
( 3) In exercising his power under this Schedule of confirming
a rehabilitation order subject to modifications, the Secretary of State
shall have regard to the considerations in sub-paragraphs ( 1) and ( 2 )
above.
3.- (1 ) This paragraph shall have effect in relation to any land
or building in respect of which a local authority have made a
rehabilitation order which has been confirmed in accordance with
the provisions of this Schedule ; and in this Schedule " relevant
date " means the date on which the rehabilitation order was confirmed
or, as the case may be, on which confirmation was refused.
( 2 ) If, at the relevant date ( in the case of any land or building
subject to a compulsory purchase order) -
( a ) no interest in the land or building has, after the date on
which the compulsory purchase order concerned was made,
vested in the authority, and
( b) no notice to treat has been served by the authority under
section 5 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965, in respect
of any interest in the land or building,
the compulsory purchase order shall cease to have effect and, where
applicable, the building shall cease to be comprised in a clearance
area.
( 3) Where sub- paragraph ( 2 ) above does not apply, the authority
shall, where applicable, cease to be subject to the duty, imposed by
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1299
Part III of the Act of 1957, to demolish the building, and in relation
SCH. 10
to any interest in the land or building which at the relevant date
has not vested in the authority ( being land or a building subject
to a compulsory purchase order ) the compulsory purchase order
shall have effect as if-
( a ) in the case of a house, it had been made and confirmed
under Part V of the Act of 1957, and
(b ) in any other case, it had been made and confirmed under
Part VI of the Act of 1971 .
( 4 ) If the land or building, or any interest therein, was vested
in the authority at the relevant date it shall be treated-
( a ) in the case of a house, as appropriated to the purposes of
Part V of the Act of 1957, and
( b) in any other case, as appropriated to the purposes of Part VI
of the Act of 1971 .
(5) Where a local authority have made a rehabilitation order they
shall not-
( a ) serve notice to treat under section 5 of the Compulsory 1965 c. 56.
Purchase Act 1965 in respect of any land or building
subject to the relevant compulsory purchase order, or
( b) demolish any such building,
until after the relevant date.
( 6 ) Where the owner of any building in respect of which a
rehabilitation order could be made ma applies to the local authority
concerned for such an order to be made in respect of the building,
and the authority refuse to make the order, they shall give their
reasons for so refusing in writing to the owner.
( 7 ) Where a rehabilitation order is confirmed in accordance with
this Schedule and the effect of the order is to exclude from a
clearance area any land adjoining a general improvement area in
England and Wales ( within the meaning of Part II of the Housing 1969 c. 33.
Act 1969), that land shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise
directs, be included in the general improvement area.
Procedure for making and confirming rehabilitation orders
4. A rehabilitation order shall be made in the prescribed form
and shall describe, by reference to a map
( a ) the land and buildings to which it applies,
( b) the boundaries of the clearance area to which it applies,
( c ) the boundaries of the land comprised in any relevant com-
pulsory purchase order, and
( d ) the parts (if any) of the land to which the rehabilitation
order applies which will remain subject to a compulsory
purchase order.
5.- (1 ) Before submitting the rehabilitation order to the Secretary
of State the local authority shall-
( a ) publish in one or more newspapers circulating within their
district a notice in the prescribed form stating that an order
1
c .44
1300 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 10 has been made and describing the land and buildings to
which it applies and naming a place where a copy of the
order and its accompanying map may be seen at all
reasonable hours, and
( b ) serve-
( i ) on every person on whom notice of the making of
any relevant compulsory purchase order was served, or
(ii ) on the person from whom the land or building was
purchased by agreement, as the case may be, or
(iii ) on their successors in title, where appropriate,
a notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the rehabilita-
tion order and that it is about to be submitted to the Secretary
of State for confirmation and specifying the time within, and
the manner in which, objections thereto can be made.
( 2) A notice which is to be served on any person under this para-
graph shall be served in accordance with the provisions of section
169 of the Act of 1957 ; and any notice served in accordance with
this paragraph shall be accompanied by a statement of the grounds
on which the authority are seeking confirmation of the rehabilitation
order.
6. (1) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on
whom notices are required to be served in accordance with para-
graph 5 above, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, then,
subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the Secretary of State
may if he thinks fit confirm the order with or without modifications.
( 2) If any objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Secretary
of State shall, before confirming the order, either cause a public
local inquiry to be held or afford to a person by whom an objection
has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing
before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of
State for the purpose.
( 3) After considering any objection not withdrawn and the report
of the person who held the inquiry or of the person appointed under
sub-paragraph ( 2) above, the Secretary of State may, subject to the
provisions of this Schedule, confirm the order with or without
modifications .
( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in the provisions of this paragraph,
the Secretary of State may require any person who has made an
objection to state in writing the grounds thereof and may disregard
the objection for the purposes of this paragraph if he is satisfied
that the objection relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt
with by the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed.
(5) The Secretary of State may modify a rehabilitation order by
extending its application to any other land or building to which the
order could have been made to apply by the authority making it,
but shall not do so unless-
(a ) he is satisfied that any unfit house which he proposes to
include in the rehabilitation order should be improved to
the full standard, instead of being demolished,
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1301
( b ) he is satisfied, in respect of any land or building which he
proposes to include in the rehabilitation order ( being land
or a building which is not comprised in the clearance area
concerned ) that its acquisition by the local authority is
unnecessary, and
( c ) he has served on every owner, lessee and occupier ( except
tenants for a month or a lesser period than a month ) and, so
far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such persons,
on every mortgagee, of the land or building a notice in the
prescribed form stating the effect of his proposals and has
afforded them an opportunity to make their views known.
7.- (1 ) The provisions of Schedule 4 to the Act of 1957 shall have
effect, subject to the necessary modifications, in relation to the
validity and date of operation of a rehabilitation order as they have
effect in relation to the validity and date of operation of acompulsory
purchase order made under section 43 of that Act.
( 2 ) The modifications subject to which the provisions of Schedule 4
are to have effect by virtue of this paragraph shall include the
addition, at the end of paragraph 1, of the words-
" and every person on whom the Secretary of State served
notice under paragraph 6( 5)( c ) of Schedule 10 to the Housing
Act 1974."
8.- (1) In this Schedule " prescribed " means prescribed by order
made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this Schedule ;
and " full standard " has the same meaning as in section 114( 3) of
thisAct.
( 2 ) An order under this paragraph shall be contained in a statutory
instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
66
( 3) In the application of this Schedule to Scotland the words as
being unfit for human habitation " shall be omitted.
SCHEDULE 11
OPTION MORTGAGES : AMENDMENTS OF PART II OF
HOUSING SUBSIDIES ACT 1967
1.- (1) In section 24 (right to opt for subsidy for certain loans
in connection with dwellings ) at the end of subsection (1) there shall
be added the words " and
( d ) the loan is not one to which a direction under subsection
( 3A ) of this section for the time being applies ".
( 2 ) In paragraph ( c ) of subsection ( 3) of that section ( declaration
byborrower as to use of land, etc. ), -
( a ) for the words " and the land " there shall be substituted the
words " that the amount of the loan will not exceed the
appropriate limit determined under section 24A of this Act
and that , before the expiry of the period of 12 months
beginning on the date referred to in paragraph (b) of this
subsection, the land" ; and
SCH. 10
Section 119.
1967 с. 29.
c . 44
1302 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 11 ( b ) for the words from" being the borrower " to " one of them ) ",
in the second place where those words occur, there shall
be substituted the words " or persons in such circumstances
that the residence condition in section 24B of this Act is
fulfilled " ;
and at the end of that paragraph there shall be added the words
"and
( d ) in a case where the specified person or persons named
in a declaration under paragraph ( c) above is, are or include
the borrower or all or any of the joint borrowers, that, if the
borrower or, in the case of joint borrowers, any of them is
married and is not treated for income tax purposes as living
apart from his spouse, the borrower or, as the case may be,
each of those joint borrowers and (in either case ) his spouse have
signed and delivered to the lender a declaration either that
there is no existing loan-
( i ) the whole or any part of the interest on which is payable
( whether alone or jointly with any other person ) by the
spouse, and
(ii ) in respect of which an option notice for the time being
has effect or in respect of which a claim for relief has
been or is to be made under section 75 of the Finance
Act 1972 (relief for payment of interest), and
(iii ) which relates to, or was made with a view to the rерау-
ment of a previous loan which related to, land used
wholly or mainly for the purposes of a dwelling (not
being the dwelling to which the declaration under
paragraph (c ) above relates) which is that spouse's only
or main residence or a caravan so used,
or that such a loan does exist but the spouse intends that , within
the period of 12 months beginning on the date referred to in
paragraph (b) above, the dwelling referred to in sub- paragraph
(iii ) above will cease to be the spouse's only or main residence " .
( 3 ) At the end of subsection ( 3) of that section there shall be
added the following paragraphs-
" ( viii) the taking effect of a direction under subsection (3A) of
this section with respect to the loan ;
( ix ) if subsection (5 ) of section 24B of this Act applies, the
expiry of the period of one month beginning with the date
on which the lender receives a notification ( or, if he receives
more than one notification, the first notification ) under that
subsection or, if he does not receive such a notification, the
date on which the lender first becomes aware that the
residence condition is not fulfilled as mentioned in that
subsection ;
( x) if subsection ( 6 ) of section 24B of this Act applies and the
lender receives a notification in accordance with that sub-
section, the expiry of the period of twelve months beginning
with the date specified in that notification, and if that sub-
section applies but the lender does not receive such a
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1303
notification, the expiry of the period of one month beginning
with the date on which the lender first becomes aware that
the residence condition is not fulfilled as mentioned in that
subsection ;
( xi) if the lender becomes aware that a declaration under para-
graph (c) or paragraph (d ) of this subsection is false in a
material particular, the expiry of the period of one month
beginning with the date on which the lender first becomes so
aware."
( 4 ) After subsection (3) of that section there shall be inserted
the following subsections : -
" ( 3A) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with
such qualifying lenders or bodies representative of qualifying
lenders of any description as may appear to him appropriate,
direct that subsidy in accordance with this Part of this Act
shall not be available in the case of any loan to which the direc-
tion applies, being a loan falling within subsection ( 3B) below.
( 3B) A loan is one in respect of which a direction may be
made under subsection (3A) above if the terms of the repayment
contract ( as originally entered into or as subsequently varied )
are such that the amount due from the borrower for any period
by way of interest under the repayment contract is less than
the total of the interest which accrues in respect of that period,
so that part of the interest is treated as an addition to the
capital outstanding or is otherwise carried forward.
( 3C ) In considering whether to make a direction under sub-
section ( 3A ) above with respect to any loan, the Secretary of
State shall follow such principles, and take account of such
matters, as he may from time to time decide after the like
consultation as is specified in that subsection.
( 3D ) A direction under subsection (3A ) above may be made
with respect to a particular loan or loans or any description
of loans, and, in so far as the direction relates to a loan in
respect of which an option notice has already been given ,
the direction shall specify a date ( being a date after the
giving of the direction) with effect from which the direction
is to take effect with respect to any such loan.
( 3E ) Any provision of subsection ( 3A ) or subsection ( 3C )
above which imposes on the Secretary of State a duty to consult
any persons or bodies appearing to him to be appropriate shall
not be taken as implying that further consultation is required by
the provision where the Secretary of State is satisfied that there
was consultation before the coming into force of that subsection
and in his opinion that consultation was sufficient for the
purpose ".
( 5 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section for the words from " conditions
specified in subsection (3)(c ) " to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words " conditions specified in paragraphs ( c )
and ( d ) of subsection ( 3) of this section there are satisfied such other
conditions as may be specified in the direction ; and where any such
direction has effect in relation to an option notice, the provisions of
SCH. 11
c . 44
1304 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 11 subsections (5 ) and (6) of section 24B of this Act shall apply as if
the reference therein to the residence condition were a reference to
such a condition as may be so specified ".
( 6 ) After subsection ( 5 ) of that section there shall be inserted
the following subsection : -
"( 5A ) In the case of an option notice to which a direction
under subsection ( 5 ) of this section applies, paragraph ( c ) of sub-
section ( 3) of this section shall have effect as if for the words
from " before the expiry " to " to be occupied " there were sub-
stituted the words " the land in question is being and will
continue to be used wholly or partly for the purposes of a
dwelling occupied " .
2. After section 24 there shall be inserted the following sections : -
"The
24A.- (1) In relation to a loan in respect of which an
appropriate option notice has been signed ( in this section referred
limitfor
loans. to as " the relevant loan ") the appropriate limit referred
to in paragraph ( c ) of subsection ( 3) of section 24 of this
Act is £25,000 reduced by the amount or, as the case may
require, the aggregate amount outstanding by way of
capital on the date referred to in paragraph (b) of that
subsection in respect of every loan-
( a ) the whole or any part of the interest on which
is payable ( whether alone or jointly with any
other person ) by the borrower who signed the
declaration under the said paragraph ( c ) or, in
the case of joint borrowers, by any of the
borrowers who signed that declaration or, where
that borrower or any of those joint borrowers
is married and is not treated for income tax
purposes as living apart from his spouse, that
spouse ; and
( b) which falls to be taken into account by virtue
of subsection ( 2 ) below and is not to be dis-
regarded by virtue of subsection ( 4 ) below.
( 2) Subject to subsections (3) and ( 4 ) below, a loan falls
to be taken into account under subsection (1) above if-
( a ) it is a loan in respect of which an option notice
for the time being has effect ; or
( b ) it is a loan to which Part I of Schedule 9 to the
Finance Act 1972 (loans for purchase or improve-
ment of land on which interest is eligible for
relief in full) for the time being applies ( either
in respect of the whole loan or subject to any
limit of amount ), and the land or caravan
referred to in that Part is not used in such
circumstances that it falls within paragraph
4 (1)(b) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1974
( commercial lettings ).
( 3) Without prejudice to section 34( 2) of this Act, the
reference in subsection ( 2) (b) above to Schedule 9 to the
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1305
The
residence
condition.
Finance Act 1972 is a reference to that Schedule either
as amended by Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1974
( restrictions on relief for interest ) or (if interest on the
loan is excepted from section 19( 3) of that Act) as origin-
ally enacted ; and in the case of a loan to which the said
Schedule 9 applies as originally enacted, the reference in
subsection (2)( b) above to the use of land or a caravan in
circumstances falling within paragraph 4(1 )(b) of the said
Schedule 1 shall be construed as a reference to use which
would fall within that paragraph if that Schedule applied
in relation to interest on the loan in question.
( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 2) above,
a loan (in this subsection referred to as a "previous
loan ") which falls within paragraph ( a) or paragraph ( b)
of that subsection shall be disregarded in determining
the appropriate limit in relation to the relevant loan
if-
( a ) the relevant loan is made with a view to the
repayment by means of the relevant loan of the
amount outstanding on the previous loan ; or
( b ) the previous loan is an existing loan which is
specified in a declaration made for the purpose
of satisfying , in relation to the relevant loan,
the condition in section 24( 3) ( d ) of this Act ;
or
( c ) the previous loan was in connection with the
only or main residence of a person who is,
or is a qualifying relative of , the borrower or
any of the joint borrowers under the relevant
loan and the relevant loan is made for or in
connection with any one or more of the pur-
poses specified in section 24(1 ) (b) of this Act in
such circumstances that the dwelling referred to
in that section is to be used instead as that
person's only or main residence.
( 5 ) In any case where the option notice in respect
of the relevant loan is one to which a direction under
section 24( 5 ) of this Act applies, the preceding provi-
sions of this section shall have effect subject to such
modifications as may be prescribed.
24B.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act,
the residence condition is fulfilled with respect to a
dwelling to which a declaration under section 24( 3)(c) of
this Act relates if and so long as-
( a ) the dwelling is occupied wholly or partly as his
only or main residence by the borrower him-
self or, in the case of joint borrowers, by each
of them ; or
(b) at any time when the borrower or any joint
borrower does not occupy the dwelling as men-
SCH. 11
c .44
1306 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 11 tioned in paragraph (a ) above, the dwelling is
so occupied by a qualifying relative of his.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a person
is a qualifying relative of a borrower (or a joint borrower )
if he or she is-
(a ) the borrower's spouse and is living apart from
the borrower ;
( b) the borrower's former spouse ;
( c ) the mother of either the borrower or his spouse
and is widowed or living apart from her
husband or, in consequence of dissolution or
annulment of marriage, is a single woman ;
or
( d ) such a relative of the borrower or his spouse
as is specified in subsection ( 3) below and is
either over the age of 65 or incapacitated by
infirmity from maintaining himself , in whole
or in part.
( 3) The relatives referred to in subsection ( 2)(d ) above
are-
( a ) a parent or grandparent ;
( b ) a brother or sister who is over the age of 16 ; and
( c ) a child or grandchild (in either case whether
legitimate, adopted or illegitimate ) who is over
the age of 16.
( 4 ) A person shall be treated for the purposes of this
section as living apart from his or her spouse if he or
she would be so treated for income tax purposes.
( 5 ) If, after the delivery of a declaration under para-
graph (c ) of subsection (3) of section 24 of this Act
( other than a declaration delivered in respect of an
option notice to which a direction under subsection (5)
of that section applies ), the residence condition is not,
within the period of 12 months specified in that para-
graph, fulfilled with respect to the dwelling concerned,
then, within the period of one month beginning on the
day following the expiry of that period of 12 months,
the borrower or, in the case of joint borrowers, each of
them shall notify the lender in writing to that effect.
( 6 ) If, at any time after-
(a ) the delivery of a declaration under paragraph
( c ) of section 24( 3) of this Act, and
( b ) the residence condition has been fulfilled with
respect to the dwelling concerned,
the residence condition ceases to be so fulfilled, then,
within the period of one month beginning on the date on
which that condition first ceased to be so fulfilled, the
borrower or, in the case of joint borrowers, each of them
shall notify the lender in writing of the date on which
Housing Act 1974 1307
c . 44
the condition ceased, and of the fact that it has ceased,
SCH. 11
to be so fulfilled.
( 7 ) Any person who knowingly fails to notify the
lender as required by subsection (5 ) or subsection (6 )
above shall, on conviction on indictment, be liable to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years " .
3.- (1) In section 26 ( extension of right to opt for subsidy to
certainother cases ) in subsection ( 2)(b) after the words " this section "
there shall be inserted the words " and to such modifications as may
be prescribed ".
( 2) After subsection ( 4 ) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 4A ) In relation to a case where a self-build society, within
the meaning of Part I of the Housing Act 1974, which is for the
time being approved for the purposes of section 341A of the
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 borrows or has
borrowed from a qualifying lender on the security of a freehold
or leasehold estate of that society in Great Britain, the Secretary
of State shall by regulations provide that this Part of this Act
shall have effect with such adaptations and modifications of the
provisions thereof ( other than section 24(2)(b) and ( c)), appearing
tohim to be appropriate or expedient, and subject to such special
conditions appearing to him to be necessary or expedient, as
may be prescribed by the regulations ; and in relation to such a
society, the said section 24(2)(b) shall have effect as if-
( a ) the reference therein to the Income Tax Acts included a
reference to the Corporation Tax Acts ; and
( b ) in sub-paragraph (ii ) thereof, for the reference to income
tax there were substituted a reference to corporation
tax . "
4. In subsection (1) of section 27 (qualifying lenders) at the end of
paragraph (e) there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
66 ( f ) the Housing Corporation " ;
and the words from " and for the purposes " to the end of the sub-
section shall be omitted.
5.- (1) In paragraph (a ) of subsection (1) of section 28 ( calcula-
tion of the aggregate amount which, apart from Part II of the
Housing Subsidies Act 1967, would have become due from the 1967 с. 29.
borrower) after the words " the aggregate sum which " there shall
be inserted the words " taking account of subsection (1A) of this
section but otherwise ".
( 2 ) After subsection ( 1) of that section there shall be inserted
the following subsection :
" (1A ) In any case where, under the terms of a repayment
contract ( as originally entered into or as subsequently varied)
the amount due from the borrower for any period by way
of interest under the repayment contract is less than the total
of the interest which accrues in respect of that period so that
part of the interest is treated as an addition to the capital
c . 44
1308 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 11
outstanding or is otherwise carried forward then , for the purpose
of determining the aggregate amount of the subsidy in respect
of the loan, there shall be treated as becoming due from the
borrower in any period the whole of the interest which accrues
inthat period."
6. After section 28 there shall be inserted the following section : -
Recovery 28A . (1) If a declaration under paragraph ( c ) or
ofsubsidy paragraph ( d ) of subsection ( 3) of section 24 of this Act
cases.
in certain is false in a material particular, the Secretary of State
may recover from the borrower or, as the case may be,
jointly and severally from the borrowers an amount equal
to the total of the payments received by the lender by
virtue of subsection (2)(a)(ii) of that section in relation
to the loan in respect of which the declaration was made.
( 2 ) If, in a case where subsection ( 5 ) of section 24B of
this Act applies, the lender does not receive a notification
under that subsection, the Secretary of State may recover
from the borrower or, as the case may be, jointly and
severally from the borrowers, an amount equal to the
total of the payments received by the lender as men-
tioned in subsection (1) above after the expiry of the
period of 2 months beginning on the day following the
expiry of the period of 12 months specified in the said
subsection ( 5) .
( 3 ) If , in a case where subsection (6 ) of section 24B
of this Act applies, the lender does not receive a noti-
fication under that subsection, the Secretary of State
may recover from the borrower or, as the case may be,
jointly and severally from the borrowers, an amount equal
to the total of the payments received by the lender as
mentioned in subsection (1) above after the expiry of
the period of 2 months beginning with the date on
which the condition specified in the said subsection ( 6 )
first ceased to be fulfilled. "
7. At the end of section 32(1) ( interpretation ) there shall be
inserted the following definition:-
،،، prescribed ' means prescribed by regulations made by
statutory instrument by the Secretary of State; and a statutory
instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament ".
Section 124.
1972 с. 47.
SCHEDULE 12
SERVICE CHARGES : AMENDMENTS OF SECTIONS 90 AND 91 OF
HOUSING FINANCE ACт 1972
1. After section 90(1 ) there shall be inserted : ---
" (1A) A qualified accountant shall have a right of access to
such accounts, receipts and other documents, and shall be entitled
to require from the landlord such information and explanation,
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1309
as appear to him to be necessary to enable him to decide
whether to give a certificate under subsection (1) above. "
2. After section 90(10) there shall be inserted : -
" (10A) Where an offence under subsection (10 ) above which
has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attribut-
able to any neglect on the part of , a director, manager, secretary
or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who
was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the
body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to
be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
(10B ) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by
its members, subsection (10A ) above shall apply in relation to
the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his func-
tions of management as if he were a director of the body
corporate. "
3. In section 90(12) : -
( a ) in the definition of " landlord ", after that word there shall
be inserted " includes any person who has a right to
enforce payment of a service charge, and also " ;
(b) in the definition of " qualified accountant ", after " excludes "
there shall be inserted " any person mentioned in subsection
( 12A ) below, and also ".
4. After section 90 (12 ) there shall be inserted : -
" (12A ) None of the following persons is a qualified
accountant-
( a ) an officer or employee of the landlord or, where the
landlord is a company, of a company which is the
landlord's holding company or subsidiary, or a sub-
sidiary of the landlord's holding company ;
( b ) a person who is a partner or employee of any such
officer or employee ;
and in this subsection " holding company " and " subsidiary
"
have the meanings given to them by section 154 of the
Companies Act 1948."
5. Paragraph 2 above shall not have effect in relation to an offence
committed before the coming into operation of section 124 of this
Act and paragraphs 3 and 4 above shall not have effect in relation
to an accounting year ( within the meaning of section 90(12) of the
Housing Finance Act 1972) ending before 1st August 1974.
SCH. 12
1972 с. 47.
SCHEDULE 13
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Sheriff Courts (Scotland ) Act 1907
1. In the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act 1907, after section 38
there shall be inserted the following section-
Section 130.
1907 с. 51 .
c . 44
1310 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1952 с. 55.
1957 с. 56.
" Notice of 38A. Any notice of termination of tenancy or notice
termination of removal given under section 37 or 38 above in respect
in respect
of dwelling of a dwelling-house, on or after the date of the coming
houses. into operation of section 123 of the Housing Act 1974,
shall be in writing and shall contain such information as
may be prescribed by virtue of section 131 of the Rent
( Scotland ) Act 1971 , and Rule 112 of Schedule 1 to
this Act shall no longer apply to any such notice under
section 37 above. "
The Magistrates ' Courts Act 1952
2. In Schedule 1 to the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 (indictable
offences by adults which may be dealt with summarily with consent
of accused) the following paragraph shall be inserted after para-
graph 14: -
" 14A. Offences under section 24B(7 ) of the Housing
Subsidies Act 1967 " .
The Housing Act 1957
3. In section 70 of the Housing Act 1957 ( provisions as to
re -development, improvement or structural alteration by owners not
to have effect in certain cases ) in subsection (1) for the words from
66
" clearance order " to so confirmed " there shall be substituted the
words " compulsory purchase order confirmed by the Minister ".
4. In section 105 of that Act ( local authority's powers of dealing
with land acquired for provision of housing accommodation) after
subsection ( 4) there shall be inserted the following subsection: -
" (4A) Where a local authority acquire a house or building
which may be made suitable as a house (or an estate or interest
therein) and, in the case of such a building, themselves carry out
any necessary work as mentioned in the last foregoing sub-
section, they shall, as soon as practicable after the acquisition
or, as the case may be, after the completion of the necessary
work, secure that the house or building is used as housing
accommodation."
5. Section 121 of that Act ( arrangements with housing associations
for improvement of housing ) shall cease to have effect, but without
prejudice to the continuation of any arrangements made before the
day appointed for the coming into operation of this paragraph.
6. In section 189( 1) of that Act, in the definition of " housing
association " after the words " those of " there shall be inserted
the word " providing " and after the word " houses " there shall be
inserted the words or hostels, as defined in section 129(1) of the
Housing Act 1974 " .
7. In Schedule 2 to that Act (payments in respect of unfit houses )
in the proviso to paragraph 4( 4) for the words " demolition or
closing order or clearance order " there shall be substituted the
words " or demolition or closing order " and in paragraph 5(1)(b) for
the words " closing order or clearance order " there shall be sub-
stituted the words or closing order ".66
Housing Act 1974 1311
c . 44
The Land Compensation Act 1961 SCH. 13
8.- (1) In Schedule 2 to the Land Compensation Act 1961 (acquisi- 1961 c. 33.
tion of houses as being unfit for human habitation ) in sub-paragraph
( 2 ) of paragraph 2 ( application of certain provisions of Housing Act 1957 c.56.
1957 ) for the words " sections sixty and sixty-one of that Act, and "
there shall be substituted the words " section 61 of that Act, and
Part II of " and for the words " that Schedule " there shall be
substituted the words " that Part of that Schedule ".
( 2 ) After the said sub-paragraph ( 2 ) there shall be inserted the
following sub-paragraphs :
" ( 2A) Where the local authority make and submit an order
under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of this paragraph in relation to a house,
the provisions of section 60 of the Act of 1957 and Part I of
Schedule 2 thereto shall apply, subject to sub-paragraph (2B)
of this paragraph, as if-
( a ) the house had been made the subject of a compulsory
purchase order under Part III of that Act as being
unfit for human habitation ; and
( b) any reference in those provisions to a local authority,
other than a provision requiring, or enabling the Secre-
tary of State to direct, a local authority to make a
payment, were a reference to the appropriate local
authority.
( 2B ) In the application of section 60 of the Act of 1957 by
virtue of sub-paragraph ( 2A ) of this paragraph-
( a ) for the reference in subsection (1) to a notice under
paragraph 2(1) (b) of Schedule 3 or, as the case may be,
paragraph 3 (1 )( b) of Schedule 5 to that Act there shall
be substituted a reference to a notice under sub-
paragraph ( 3) of this paragraph ;
(b ) in so far as any provision of subsection (1C) or sub-
section ( 1D) of that section requires, or enables the
Secretary of State to direct, a local authority to make
a payment, the reference to a local authority shall be
construed as a reference to the acquiring authority ;
( c ) the reference in subsection (1C ) of that section to the
compulsory purchase order being confirmed by the
Secretary of State shall be construed as a reference to
the condition in either paragraph ( a ) or paragraph ( b)
of sub-paragraph ( 2) of this paragraph being fulfilled ;
and
(d ) for the reference in subsection (1D )( b) of that section
to the compulsory purchase order or clearance order
concerned there shall be substituted a reference to the
order under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) of this paragraph."
(3) The amendments effected by sub-paragraphs (1) and ( 2) above
shall have effect with respect to orders under paragraph 2( 2) of
Schedule 2 to the Land Compensation Act 1961 made on or after
the day on which section 108 of this Act comes into operation.
c . 44
1312 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1962 с. 50.
The Landlord and Tenant Act 1962
9. At the end of section 6 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1962
( interpretation ) there shall be added the following subsection : -
66 ( 2 ) Any reference in section 2(1) ( a ) or section 3(1) of this
Act to a person's address is a reference to his place of abode
or his place of business or, in the case of a company, its registered
office. "
1964 с. 56.
The Housing Act 1964
10.- (1) In section 5( 1) of the Housing Act 1964 (schemes for
Corporation to provide housing accommodation in place of housing
society ) after the words " housing society ", in the first place where
they occur, there shall be inserted the words " which is not a
registered housing association, within the meaning of the Housing
Act 1974, and to which a loan has been made under section 2 of this
Act before the operative date ".
( 2 ) In section 8 of that Act ( building society advances to housing
societies to which Corporation have made loans ) for the words
" 66
housing society " or housing societies ", in each place where
they occur, there shall be substituted respectively the words " housing
association " or " housing associations ".
( 3) In section 10( 4) of that Act ( account to be prepared of certain
sums advanced to and repaid by the Corporation ) after the words
" this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or Part I of the
Housing Act 1974".
( 4 ) In subsection (1 ) of section 11 of that Act (power of Corpora-
tion to authorise Scottish Special Housing Association to act in
Scotland as Corporation's agents for certain purposes ) the words
" section 3 " and " section 6 " shall be omitted and at the end of
that subsection there shall be added the words " or under section 3(1),
section 4 or section 5 of the Housing Act 1974 ".
( 5 ) Section 72 of that Act ( restriction on recovery of possession
after making of compulsory purchase order ) shall be amended as
follows : -
( a ) in subsection (1) in the definition of " the relevant period "
the words " of twelve months ", in each case where they
occur, shall be omitted and after the words " making of
the said order " there shall be inserted the words " and
ending on the third anniversary of the date on which the
order becomes operative " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2 ) in paragraph ( a ) for the words from " not
exceeding " to "said compulsory purchase order " there
shall be substituted the words " not extending beyond the
end of the period of three years beginning on the relevant
date " and in paragraph ( b) for the words " twelve months "
there shall be substituted the words " three years " ; and
(c ) after subsection ( 2 ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection: -
" ( 2A ) for the purposes of subsection ( 2) above " the
relevant date means"
c .44
Housing Act 1974 1313
( a ) if the compulsory purchase order concerned has
SCH. 13
become operative before the date on which the
court exercises its power under that subsection ,
the date on which the order became operative ;
and
(b ) in any other case the date on which the court
exercises or, as the case may be, exercised its
power under paragraph ( a ) of that subsection in
relation to the order for possession in question. "
The Housing (Slum Clearance Compensation) Act 1965
11. In section 2 of the Housing ( Slum Clearance Compensation )
Act 1965 ( money borrowed by owner-occupier to purchase unfit
house or on security of an unfit house ) in subsection ( 2) for the
words " closing order or clearance order " there shall be substituted
the words " or closing order ".
1965 с. 81 .
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966
1966 с. 49.
12. In section 135 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966, the same
amendments shall be made as are set out in paragraph 10( 5) above
with the substitution for the reference to an order for possession of
a reference to a decree of removing or warrant of ejection or other
like order.
13. Sections 153 to 155 and 159 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1966 shall cease to have effect.
14. In section 175 of that Act (compulsory purchase of land by
Scottish Special Housing Association ) in subsection ( 2 ) ( power of
Association to acquire land compulsorily for selling it or leasing
it to a housing society ) for the words from " section 4(1) of the
Housing Act 1964 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " section 3( 5) of the Housing Act 1974, acquire
land compulsorily " and in subsection ( 3) (application of Acquisition
of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland ) Act 1947) after the
word " and ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall be
inserted the words " in relation to the exercise of the Association's
powers under subsection (1) of this section ".
15. In section 208(1) of that Act , in the definition of " housing
association " after the words " those of" there shall be inserted
the word " providing " and after the words " housing accommodation "
there shall be inserted the words " including hostels, as defined in
section 21 ( 4) of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1968 c. 31 .
1968 ".
The Rent Act 1968
16. In section 5( 6 ) of the Rent Act 1968 (conditions for a housing
association tenancy to be excluded from that Act ) after paragraph
( cc ) there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
" ( ccc) that the dwelling was comprised in a housing project
approved for the purposes of section 29 of the Housing
Act 1974 " .
Part II M
1968 с. 23 .
c . 44
1314 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1968 с. 31 .
1969 с. 33.
1957 с. 56.
17.- (1) In section 57 of that Act (grant-aided improvements,
etc. ) in paragraph ( a ) of subsection (1 ) (amount of certain grants
to be disregarded in increasing rent limit) after the words " (improve-
ment grants and standard grants ) " there shall be inserted the words
" section 61 or section 65 of the Housing Act 1974 (improvement
grants and intermediate grants) " .
( 2) In subsection ( 2) of that section (amount of certain grants
obtainable but not obtained to be disregarded in increasing rent
limit) after the words " the Housing Act 1964 " there shall be
inserted the words " or an improvement notice within the meaning
of Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974 ", for the words " that Part of
that Act " there shall be substituted the words " either of those
Parts ", after the words " the Housing Act 1969 " there shall be
inserted the words " or an intermediate grant under section 65 of the
Housing Act 1974 " and after the words " the standard grant " there
shall be inserted the words " or intermediate grant ".
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968
18 .- (1 ) Sections 16 and 17 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1968 shall cease to have effect.
( 2) In section 18(1) of that Act ( local authority to furnish certain
particulars to Secretary of State for purpose of determining the
amount of certain Exchequer contributions) the words from " or
any such " to " section 16 of this Act " and the words "
or arrange-
ments " shall be omitted.
The Housing Act 1969
19. In section 69 of the Housing Act 1969 ( repayment of certain
payments made under the Housing Act 1957 or that Act), for the
words " closing order or clearance order " there shall be substituted
the words " or closing order ".
20.- (1) In section 75 of that Act (power of local authority to
carry out works of improvement by agreement with and at expense
of owner, etc. ) in subsection (1 ) for the words " Part I of this Act ",
in the first place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 " and for the words " Part I of
this Act ", in the second place where they occur, there shall be
substituted the words " that Part ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2) of that section, paragraph ( b) shall be
omitted and, in paragraph (c ), for the words " section 27 of this
Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 84 of the Housing
Act 1974 ".
21. In Schedule 5 to that Act (payments to owner-occupiers and
others in respect of unfit houses purchased or demolished ) in para-
graph 1(1) for the words " a closing order under section 17 of that
Act or a clearance order " there shall be substituted the words " or
a closing order under section 17 of that Act " .
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1315
The Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 SCH. 13
22. In section 5( 5 ) of the Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 ( conditions 1971 с. 28 .
for a housing association tenancy to be excluded from that Act )
after paragraph ( f ) there shall be inserted the following paragraph: -
" (g) that the dwelling-house was comprised in a housing project
approved for the purposes of section 29 of the Housing
Act 1974 " .
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
23.- (1) In section 23( 3)(a) of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 ( certain buildings not to be included among
those in respect of which local authority are required to keep a
housing revenue account ) after the words " the Act of 1968 "
there shall be inserted the words " or section 107 of the Housing
Act 1974 ".
( 2 ) In section 52 of that Act ( the basic residual subsidy ), at the
beginning of subsection ( 8) ( the withdrawal factor for years sub-
sequent to 1972-73) there shall be inserted the words " Subject to
subsection ( 9) below" and after that subsection there shall be added
the following subsection : -
" (9) For the year 1974-75, the withdrawal factor is zero.".
( 3) In section 53 of that Act ( the special residual subsidy), at the
beginning of subsection ( 9) ( the reduction factor for houses com-
pleted during any specified year ) there shall be inserted the words
66
Subject to subsection (10) below" and after that subsection there
shall be added the following subsection: -
" (10) For the purposes of subsections ( 6 ) (b) and ( 7 ) above
the reduction factor for houses completed during the year
1972-73 or, as the case may be, 1973-74 is zero. "
( 4 ) In sections 54( 1) and 55(12 ) of that Act ( power of Secretary
of State to modify basis of calculation of certain subsidies where
a housing association's income for any year will be inadequate to
meet the expenditure which it would be reasonable for them to
incur in that year in exercise of their housing functions) after the
words " will be " there shall be inserted the words "or was " and
after the words " would be" there shall be inserted the words
or, as the case may be, was "."
( 5 ) In section 61( 2) of that Act ( rents to be registrable under
Part IV of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971) after the words " the Act
of 1971 " there shall be inserted the words " ( and no other provisions
of that Act) shall apply to a tenancy to which the said sections 60
to 66 apply and in their application to such tenancies ".
( 6 ) After subsection ( 3) of section 62 of that Act (rent limit where
no rent is registered ) there shall be inserted the following sub-
section-
1972 с. 46.
" ( 3A ) The reference in paragraph (b) of subsection (3)
above to another tenancy includes , in addition to a tenancy to
M2
c .44
1316 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1972 с. 47.
which sections 62 to 66 of this Act apply, a regulated tenancy
within the meaning of the Act of 1971-
( a ) which subsisted at any time after the operative date,
within the meaning of the Housing Act 1974 ; and
( b) under which, immediately before it came to an end, the
interest of the landlord belonged to a housing asso-
ciation ".
( 7 ) In section 66 of that Act (increase of rent without notice to
quit ) the reference to a housing association shall, on and after the
operative date, be construed as not extending to an unregistered
housing association unless the provisions of section 18(1 ) ( b) or (c)
of this Act apply to that association.
The Housing Finance Act 1972
24. In the Housing Finance Act 1972 (in this Schedule referred
to as " the 1972 Act "), in paragraph ( e) of section 12(1) (with the
consent of the Secretary of State, a local authority may include in
their Housing Revenue Account income and expenditure in respect
of houses and buildings not specifically referred to in paragraphs ( a )
to ( d ) of that section ) after the word " such " there shall be inserted
the word " land " and at the end of that paragraph there shall be
added the words " and any consent given by the Secretary of State
for the purposes of this paragraph may be given either generally to
local authorities or to any local authority or description of local
authority or in any particular case ".
25.- (1) In section 28 of the 1972 Act (application for qualification
certificate ) in subsection (1) (application may be combined with
application for a grant under Part I of the Housing Act 1969) for the
words " Part I of the Housing Act 1969 " there shall be substituted
the words " Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 " .
(2 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section (local authority need not serve
notice on tenant where they approved an application for a grant
under section 2(1) or section 9(1) of the Housing Act 1969 and work
has been carried out ) after the words " section 2(1) or section 9( 1 ) of
the Housing Act 1969 " there shall be inserted the words " or section
61(1) or section 65(1) of the Housing Act 1974 " .
26.- (1) In section 33 of the 1972 Act (if one of two conditions is
satisfied, county court may by order empower landlord to carry out
certain works to which tenant does not consent) in subsection (2)(a)
( one of the conditions is that the works were specified in an applica-
tion for a grant under Part I of the Housing Act 1969 and the
application has been approved ) after the words " Part I of the
Housing Act 1969 " there shall be inserted the words " or Part VII
of the Housing Act 1974 ".
(2 ) At the end of subsection (3) of that section (order under sub-
section ( 1) may impose conditions as to time for carrying out works)
there shall be added the words " or section 82(1) of the Housing Act
1974".
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1317
27. In section 34( 3) of the 1972 Act ( definitions for purposes of
SCH. 13
Part III of the Act: " standard amenities " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 7 of the Housing Act 1969) for the words " section 7
of the Housing Act 1969 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 58 of the Housing Act 1974 " .
28. In section 38( 2) of the 1972 Act (section 25(1) of the Rent Act
1968, which provides for increase in recoverable rent for improve-
ments, not to apply to improvements with respect to which a grant
under Part I of the Housing Act 1969 is payable or has been paid )
after the words " Part I of the Housing Act 1969" there shall be
inserted the words " or Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 ".
29. In section 45 of the 1972 Act ( protection of tenant with security
of tenure where grant-aided improvement is carried out ) in sub-
section ( 1) after the words " Part I of the Housing Act 1969 " there
shall be inserted the words or Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 " ."
30. In section 72 of the 1972 Act ( the basic residual subsidy ) at the
beginning of subsection ( 9) ( the withdrawal factor for years subse-
"
quent to 1972-73) there shall be inserted the words Subject to
subsection (10 ) below" and after that subsection there shall be added
the following subsection : -
" (10) For the year 1974-75, the withdrawal factor is zero " .
31. In section 73 of the 1972 Act ( the special residual subsidy) at
the beginning of subsection (7 ) ( the reduction factor for dwellings
completed during any specified year) there shall be inserted the words
"
Subject to subsection ( 8) below " and after that subsection there
shall be added the following subsection: -
" ( 8) For the purposes of subsections ( 4)( b) and (5 ) above, the
reduction factor for dwellings completed during the year 1972-73
or, as the case may be, 1973-74 is zero " .
32. In sections 74(1) and 75(12) of the 1972 Act ( power of
Secretary of State to modify basis of calculation of certain subsidies
where a housing association's income for any year will be inadequate
to meet the expenditure which it would be reasonable for them
to incur in that year in exercise of their housing functions) after
the words " will be " there shall be inserted the words " or was
"
and after the words " would be " there shall be inserted the words
or, as the case may be, was " .66
33.- (1) In subsection ( 2) of section 82 of the 1972 Act ( application
of certain provisions of Part IV of Rent Act 1968 in relation to
tenances to which Part VIII of the 1972 Act applies), -
( a ) after the words " the following " there shall be inserted
the words " and no other " ; and
(b ) after the word " shall " there shall be inserted the words
"apply in relation to tenancies to which this Part of this
Act applies, and in their application to such tenancies
shall".
( 2 ) If, pursuant to an application by a local authority under
section 44A of the Rent Act 1968, a rent has, at any time before 1968 c. 23.
M 3
c . 44
1318 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1968 с. 23.
1973 с. 26.
the appointed day , been registered in the part of the register under
Part IV of that Act which is provided for by subsection (1) of
section 82 of the 1972 Act, that registration-
( a ) shall be as valid as if section 44A of the Rent Act 1968
had, before the appointed day, been specified in subsection
( 2 ) of section 82 of the 1972 Act ; and
(b ) shall be treated on and after the appointed day as if it had
been effected pursuant to an application under section 44
of the Rent Act 1968 .
( 3) In this paragraph " the appointed day " means the day
appointed for the coming into operation of this paragraph.
34. After subsection ( 3) of section 83 of the 1972 Act (rent limit
where no rent is registered ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (3A) The reference in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 3) above
to another tenancy includes, in addition to a tenancy to which
this Part of this Act applies, a regulated tenancy, within the
meaning of the Rent Act 1968-
( a ) which subsisted at any time after the operative date,
within the meaning of the Housing Act 1974 ; and
(b) under which, immediately before it came to an end, the
interest of the landlord belonged to a housing
association ".
35.- (1 ) In section 91 ( 1) of the 1972 Act (exceptions from duty to
give information about service charges ) at the end of paragraph ( d )
there shall be added the words " which either is registered under
section 13 of the Housing Act 1974 or falls within any of paragraphs
( a ) to (c ) of section 18(1) of that Act. "
( 2) This paragraph shall come into operation on the operative date.
36. In Schedule 1 to the 1972 Act (the Housing Revenue Account)
in paragraph (d ) of paragraph 1(1) (amounts to be carried to the
credit of the account to include contributions towards costs of
improvements and conversions) the word " or " at the end of sub-
paragraph (iii) shall be omitted and, after sub-paragraph (iv), there
shall be inserted the words " or
(v ) section 79 of the Housing Act 1974 ".
37. In Schedule 6 to the 1972 Act (restriction on rent increases) in
paragraph 1 (1) and, in paragraph 2, in Case F in the Table, after the
words " Part I of the Housing Act 1969 " there shall be inserted the
words or Part VII of the Housing Act 1974 "."
The Land Compensation Act 1973
38.- (1) In the Land Compensation Act 1973 (in this Schedule
referred to as " the 1973 Act ") , in section 29 ( right to home loss
payment where person displaced from dwelling) subsection ( 1 )
shall be amended as follows :
( a ) at the end of paragraph ( b) there shall be added the words
" or the service of an improvement notice, within the mean
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1319
ing of Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974, in respect of the dwelling " ;
(b ) in paragraph (c ) after the words " the carrying out of " there
66
shall be inserted the words any improvement to the
dwelling or of " and at the end of that paragraph there shall
be added the following paragraph : -
"(d ) where the land has previously been acquired by
a registered housing association, within the meaning of
the Housing Act 1974, or by an unregistered housing
association which falls within section 18(1)(a) of that Act,
the carrying out by that association of any improvement
to the dwelling or of redevelopment on the land " ; and
(c ) for the words from " the acquiring authority " to the end
of the subsection there shall be substituted the following
paragraphs : -
" (i) where paragraph (a ) above applies, the acquiring
authority ;
( ii ) where paragraph (b) above applies, the authority
who made the order, passed the resolution, accepted the
undertaking or served the notice ;
(iii ) where paragraph ( c) above applies, the authority
carrying out the improvement or redevelopment ; and
(iv ) where paragraph ( d ) above applies, the housing
association carrying out the improvement or redevelop-
ment.
( 2 ) After subsection (3) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
66 ( 3A ) For the purposes of this section a person shall not be
treated as displaced from a dwelling in consequence of the
acceptance of an undertaking, of the service of such an improve-
ment notice as is mentioned in subsection (1)( b) above or of
the carrying out of any improvement to the dwelling unless he
is permanently displaced from it in consequence of the carrying
out of the works specified in the undertaking or notice or, as
the case may be, of the improvement in question ".
( 3) In subsection ( 7 ) of that section for the words 66
or section
15( 4) (i) of the said Act of 1966 " there shall be substituted the words
"
secton 15( 4)(i) of the said Act of 1966 or section 87 of the Housing
Act 1974 " , the words " and ' redevelopment ' includes a change of
use " shall be omitted and at the end of that subsection there shall
be inserted the following subsection : -
" (7A) In this section-
' improvement ' includes alteration and enlargement ; and
' redevelopment ' includes a change of use. "
39.- (1) In section 37 of the 1973 Act ( disturbance payments for
persons without compensatable interests) subsection (1 ) shall be
amended-
( a ) by adding, at the end of paragraph ( b), the words " or the
service of an improvement notice, within the meaning of
M4
SCH. 13
c . 44
1320 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13 Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974, in respect of a house on
the land" ;
(b ) by inserting, in paragraph (c ), after the words " the carrying
out of " the words " any improvement to a house or building
onthe land or of " ;
( c ) by adding, at the end of paragraph (c ) the following
paragraph : -
" (d ) where the land has previously been acquired by a
registered housing association, within the meaning of the
Housing Act 1974, or by an unregistered housing associa-
tion which falls within section 18( 1)( a) of that Act, the
carrying out by that association of any improvement to a
house or building on the land or of redevelopment on
that land " ; and
( d ) by making the like amendments as are specified, in relation
to section 29( 1) of that Act, in paragraph 38( 1 )(c) above.
( 2 ) Subsection (3) of that section shall be amended as follows : -
( a ) for the words " or redevelopment as is mentioned in para-
graph ( a ) or ( c) " there shall be substituted the words
66
improvement or redevelopment as is mentioned in para-
graph (a ), ( c) or (d ) " ;
( b ) for the words " or undertaking " there shall be substituted
the words " undertaking or improvement notice " ;
66
( c ) for the words or the undertaking was accepted " there
shall be substituted the words " the undertaking was accepted
or the notice was served".
( 3) After subsecton ( 3) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 3A ) For the purposes of subsection (1) above a person shall
not be treated as displaced in consequence of the acceptance of
an undertaking, of the service of such an improvement notice
as is mentioned in paragraph ( b) of that subsection or of the
carrying out of any improvement to a house or building unless
he is permanently displaced in consequence of the carrying out
of the works specified in the undertaking or notice or, as the case
may be, of the improvement in question. "
( 4 ) In subsection (9 ) of that section after the word " undertaking
"
there shall be inserted the word improvement ".،،،
40.- (1) In section 39 of the 1973 Act ( duty to rehouse residential
occupiers) in paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) after the words " the
carrying out of " there shall be inserted the words " any improvement
to a house or building on the land or of " and at the end of that
paragraph there shall be added the following paragraph : -
66 ( d ) the service of an improvement notice, within the mean-
ing of Part VIII of the Housing Act 1974, in respect of premises
in which that accommodation is situated".
с . 44
Housing Act 1974 1321
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) of that section after the word " demolition " there shall be added the words " or improvement ".
( 3) In subsection ( 6 ) of that section after the words " such
acquisition " there shall be inserted the word " improvement " , after
the words " paragraph (b) of that subsection" there shall be inserted
the words " or of such an improvement notice as is mentioned in
paragraph ( d ) of that subsection " and for the words " or the under-
taking was accepted " there shall be substituted the words " the
undertaking was accepted or the notice was served".
( 4 ) After subsection ( 6 ) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" (6A) For the purposes of subsection (1) above a person shall
not be treated as displaced in consequence of the acceptance of
an undertaking, of the carrying out of any improvement to a
house or building or of the service of such an improvement
notice as is mentioned in paragraph (d ) of that subsection unless
he is permanently displaced from the residential accommodation
inquestion inconsequence of the carrying out of the works speci-
fied in the undertaking, the carrying out of the improvement or,
as the case may be, the carrying out of the works specified in the
notice. "
( 5 ) In subsection (7 ) of that section for the words " subsection
( 8) " there shall be substituted the words " subsections ( 8) and (8A ) ".
( 6 ) After subsection ( 8) there shall be inserted the following sub-
section:-
" ( 8A ) In a case where subsection ( 1) above applies in con-
sequence of the acceptance of an undertaking under section 87
of the Housing Act 1974 or the service of an improvement
notice within the meaning of Part VIII of that Act, the relevant
authority for the purposes of this section is the authority which
is the local authority, within the meaning of Part VII of that
Act, in relation to the premises in which the residential accom-
modation is situated ".
( 7 ) In subsection ( 9) of that section after the word " undertaking "
there shall be inserted the word " " improvement ' ".
41.- (1) In section 43 of the 1973 Act (power to defray expenses
in connection with acquisition of new dwellings) in subsection (1 ), -
66
( a ) for the words any such acquisition as is mentioned in
section 39(1)(a ) above ", there shall be substituted the words
66
any of the events specified in paragraphs (a ) to (d ) of
section 39(1) above ; and
( b ) for the words " the acquiring authority " there shall be
substituted the words " then, according to the nature of the
event in consequence of which he was displaced, the acquir-
ing authority, the authority who made the order, passed the
esolution, accepted the undertaking or served the notice or
the authority carrying out the improvement or redevelop-
ment".
SCH . 13
:
i
c . 44
1322 Housing Act 1974
SCH . 13
( 2 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section for the words " and (6) " there
shall be substituted the words " ( 6 ) and ( 6A) " and for the words
" subsection (1)( a) " there shall be substituted the words " any pro-
vision of subsection ( 1) " .
1973 с. 56 .
The Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973
42. (1) In section 27 of the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act
1973 (right to home loss payment where person displaced from
dwelling ), subsection (1) shall be amended as follows :-
( a ) in paragraph ( c) after the words " the carrying out of "
there shall be inserted the words " any improvement to the
dwelling or of " and at the end of that paragraph there
shall be added the following paragraph : -
" (d ) where the land has previously been acquired by
a registered housing association, within the meaning of
the Housing Act 1974, the carrying out by that associa-
tion of any improvement to the dwelling or of redevelop-
ment on the land " ; and
( b ) for the words from " the acquiring authority " to the end
of the subsection there shall be substituted the following
paragraphs : -
" (i) where paragraph ( a ) above applies, the acquiring
authority ;
( ii ) where paragraph (b) above applies, the authority
who made the order, passed the resolution or accepted
the undertaking ;
(iii) where paragraph (c ) above applies, the authority
carrying out the improvement or redevelopment ; and
(iv ) where paragraph ( d ) above applies, the housing
association carrying out the improvement or redevelop-
ment. "
(2 ) After subsection (3) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" (3A ) For the purposes of this section a person shall not be
treated as displaced from adwelling in consequence of the carry-
ing out of any improvement to the dwelling unless he is per-
manently displaced from it in consequence of the carrying out
of the improvement in question. "
(3) In subsection ( 7 ) of that section the words " and ' redevelop-
ment ' includes a change of use " shall be omitted and at the end
of that subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection: -
"( 7A ) In this section
' improvement ' includes alteration and enlargement ; and
' redevelopment ' includes a change of use ".
43.(1 ) In section 34 of that Act ( disturbance payments for per-
sons without compensatable interests), subsection ( 1) shall be amen-
ded-
( a ) by inserting, in paragraph (c ), after the words " the carrying
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1323
out of", the words " any improvement to a house or
building on the land or of " ;
( b) by adding, at the end of paragraph ( c ), the following
paragraph: -
66 ( d ) where the land has previously been acquired by
a registered housing association, within the meaning of
the Housing Act 1974 , the carrying out by that asso-
ciation of any improvement to a house or building
on the land or of redevelopment on that land " ; and
( c ) by making the like amendments as are specified , in relation
to section 27( 1) of that Act, in paragraph 42(1) (b) above.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) of that section for the words 66
or redevelop-
ment as is mentioned in paragraph ( a ) or ( c ) " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " improvement or redevelopment as is mentioned
in paragraph ( a ), ( c) or ( d ) ".
( 3) After subsection ( 3) of that section, there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) above a person shall
not be treated as displaced in consequence of the carrying out
of any improvement to a house or building unless he is per-
manently displaced in consequence of the carrying out of the
improvement in question ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 8) of that section after the word " undertaking "
there shall be inserted the word improvement '"." ،
SCH . 13
44 .- (1) In section 36 of that Act ( duty to rehouse residential
occupiers) in paragraph ( c ) of subsection (1) after the words " the
carrying out of " there shall be inserted the words " any improvement
to a house or building on the land or of " .
( 2) In subsection ( 3) of that section after the word " demolition "
there shall be added the words " or improvement ".
( 3) In subsection ( 6 ) of that section after the words " such acquisi-
tion" there shall be inserted the word " improvement ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 9) of that section after the word " undertaking "
there shall be inserted the word improvement ".666
45.- (1) In section 40 of that Act ( power to defray expenses in
connection with acquisition of new dwellings ) in subsection (1)
66
( a ) for the words any such acquisition as is mentioned in
section 36(1) (a ) above ", there shall be substituted the words
66
any of the events specified in paragraphs (a ) to ( c) of
section 36(1 ) above " ; and
(b ) for the words " the acquiring authority " there shall be
substituted the words " then, according to the nature of the
event inconsequence of which he was displaced , the acquir-
ing authority , the authority who made the order, passed
the resolution or accepted the undertaking or the
authority carrying out the improvement or re- development ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section for the words " subsection
(1)(a) " there shall be substituted the words " any provision of sub-
section (1) ".
c . 44
1324 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 13
1973 с. 65.
Section 130.
1964 с. 56.
1972 с. 47.
1968 с. 23 .
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
46.- (1) Section 131 ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
( 2) In Schedule 12, in paragraph 6, in the substituted section 1 for
the words " sections 152 and 153 " there shall be substituted the
words " section 152 " ; and paragraph 11 shall be omitted.
SCHEDULE 14
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
Transitional provisions
1. Notwithstanding the repeals effected by this Act, in any case
where-
(a ) the Housing Corporation have before the operative date
made a loan under section 2 of the Housing Act 1964, and
( b ) under a mortgage or heritable security, entered into by
the body to whom the loan was made, to secure the loan
the Housing Corporation have an interest as mortgagee or,
as the case may be, as creditor in any land belonging to
that body,
then, whether or not that body becomes a registered housing
association on or after the operative date, subsections (3) and ( 4 )
of that section, as amended by section 77( 2) of the Housing Finance
Act 1972, shall continue to apply in relation to that land as if those
provisions had not been repealed.
2. In any case where-
(a ) before the operative date, the Corporation agreed to make
a loan to a housing association under section 2 of the
Housing Act 1964 but no such loan was made before the
repeal of that section by this Act took effect, and
( b) that loan was to be made for the purpose of assisting the
association in connection with any of the matters specified
in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection ( 4 ) of section 17 of
this Act,
section 9 of this Act shall have effect as if subsection (1) of that
section permitted the Corporation to make to the association, at a
time when they are an unregistered association, a loan of the same
amount and for the same purpose as the loan referred to in para-
graphs (a) and (b) above.
3. Before the operative date, sections 36( 4)(d ) and 74( 3) of this
Act shall have effect as if the word " registered " in each place where
it occurs, were omitted.
4.- (1) Without prejudice to section 99( 2)(d ) of this Act, no pro-
visional notice or improvement notice may be served in respect
of a dwelling before the operative date if the person having control
of the dwelling is a housing association and the dwelling is a dwelling-
house falling within any of paragraphs ( a) to (d ) of subsection (6)
of section 5 of the Rent Act 1968 (tenancies of certain dwelling houses
excluded from protection under that Act).
Housing Act 1974 1325
c . 44
( 2 ) If, after a provisional notice or an improvement notice has
been served in respect of any dwelling but before the operative date,
a housing association becomes the person having control of the
dwelling and, by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above, no such notice
could then be served in respect of the dwelling, any such notice with
respect to the dwelling and any undertaking accepted under Part VIII
of this Act with respect to the dwelling shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In this paragraph " provisional notice ", " improvement notice "
and " person having control " have the same meanings as in Part VIII
of this Act.
SCH. 14
Savings
5.- (1) The repeal by this Act of sections 17 to 20 of the Housing 1969 с. 33.
Act 1969 shall not apply in any case where an application for an
improvement contribution or a standard contribution has been
approved before the day appointed for the coming into operation
of that repeal.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above " improvement contribution " and
"standard contribution " have the same meanings as in sections 18
to 20 of the Housing Act 1969.
6. Subject to section 35( 7 ) of this Act, the repeal by this Act
of section 21 of the Housing Act 1969 or, as the case may be,
section 16 or section 17 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scot-
land ) Act 1968 shall not affect the continued operation of that 1968 c. 31 .
section in relation to any such arrangements as are referred to
in subsection (1 ) of that section if , before the day appointed for
the coming into operation of that repeal, approval has been given
in accordance with subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 21 or, in
Scotland, section 14 of the said Act of 1968 as applied by section
17( 1)(ii) of that Act to the making and terms of those arrangements.
7.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, the repeal by this Act
of any provision of Part I of the Housing Act 1969 shall not affect
the continued operation of that Part in relation to any case where
an application for a grant under that Part has been made ( whether
or not it has been approved) before the day appointed for the
coming into operation of that repeal.
( 2) For the purpose of allowing an application for a grant under
Part VII of this Act to be made notwithstanding that all or some of
the works in respect of which that grant is to be sought were
specified in an application, made before the day appointed as
mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above, for a grant under Part I of
the Housing Act 1969, the local authority to whom that application
was made shall allow it to be withdrawn ( whether or not it has been
approved) unless they are satisfied that the works specified in the
application have been begun .
i
1
c . 44
1326 Housing Act 1974
Section 130.
SCHEDULE 15
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. II . The Housing Act 1957 .
In section 43(1) the words from
c. 56.
" in one or other " to " ( b) " .
Sections 44 to 46.
In section 50 the words from
" (a) " to " vested in the
authority ".
Section 51 .
Sections 53 and 54.
In section 60 (1) the word
" (a ) " and the words from
" or " to " order ".
In section 67(1) the words " a
clearance order, or in ".
In section 70 (2 ) the words
"
" clearance or "clearance
order or " and as the case
may be " .
Section 121 .
In section 159 paragraph ( b)(iv).
In section 162(1) the words " or
a clearance order ".
In section 163(1) the words "
or
a clearance order ".
In section 166 ( 1) the words
66 any clearance order " .
In Schedule 2, in paragraph
4 ( 1), paragraph ( c) and the
word " or " immediately pre-
ceding it, in paragraph 6(1 )
the words " (a) " and " or (b)
a clearance order ", and in
paragraph 7( 2) the words
" clearance order " .
In Schedule 4 in paragraph 1
"
the words or a clearance
order " and in paragraph 5
the words " or fifty-one " and
or a clearance order " ."
Schedule 5.
9 & 10 Eliz. II . The Public Health Act In section 29( 4 )( b) the words
c. 64. 1961." or clearance order " , in
both places where they occur.
9 & 10 Eliz. II. с. 65.
1964 с. 56. The Housing Act 1961 .
Section 24.
Schedule 3.
The Housing Act 1964.
In section 1 , in subsection ( 1)
the words from " whose gen-
eral duty" to the end of the
subsection and subsection
( 1A ).
Sections 2 to 4.
Section 6.
In section 8 subsections (6 ), (7)
and ( 9).
Section 9.
c . 44
Housing Act 1974 1327
SCH. 15
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1964 с. 56- The Housing Act 1964- In section 11(1) the words
cont . cont.
" section 3 " and" section 6 ".
In section 12, in subsection (1)
the definition of “ local auth-
ority " and subsection (2 ) .
Part II.
Sections 57 and 59.
In section 72(1 ) the words " of
twelve months " in each place
where they occur.
1965 с. 56. Section 35.
1965 с. 75. The Compulsory Purchase
Act 1965.
The Rent Act 1965.
1965 с. 81 .
1966 с. 49.
1967 с. 29.
1968 с. 13.
1968 с. 23.
1968 с. 31.
1969 с. 33. In section 35( 5) the words
“ 45(3) " .
In Schedule 6, in paragraph
10 (2), the words " 45(3) " .
The Housing (Slum
In section 1 ( 1 ) the words " or
Clearance Compensa-
clearance orders ".
tion) Act 1965.
The Housing ( Scotland )
Sections 153 to 155.
Act1966.
Section 159.
The Housing Subsidies
Section 14.
Act 1967.
In section 27, in subsection (1)
the words from " and for the
purposes " to the end of the
subsection.
Schedule 2.
The National Loans Act In Schedule 1 the entries
1968.
relating to subsections (1), (3)
and ( 5 ) of section 9 of the
Housing Act 1964.
The Rent Act 1968 .
In Schedule 15 in the entry
relating to the Housing Act
1957 the words " 45( 6 ) " and
in the entry relating to the
Housing Act 1964, the amend-
ments of section 44(2)(a) and
Schedule 2.
The Housing (Financial
Sections 16 and 17.
Provisions) ( Scotland )
In section 18(1) the words
Act 1968 .
"
from or any such " to
" section 16 of this Act ";
and the words " or arrange-
ments".
The Housing Act 1969.
Part I (including Schedule 1) .
In section 29( 2) the words
or a clearance order under66
Schedule 5 to that Act ".
In section 30, subsections (2)
and( 3 ).
Section 36.
In section 37( 4), paragraph (b)
and the word " or " immedi-
ately preceding it.
In section 40(2)(a) the words
" Part I of this Act other than
sections 17 to 22 " .
i
c . 44
1328 Housing Act 1974
SCH. 15
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1969 с. 33- The Housing Act 1969- Section 41 .
cont. cont.
1971 с. 76. 1972 с. 47.
1972 с. 70.
1973 с. 5.
1973 с. 26.
1973 с. 56.
1973 с. 65.
In section 69 paragraph (c) and
the word " or " immediately
preceding it.
In section 70 the words
" section 20 or " .
Section 75(2)(b).
Sections 76 and 77.
In section 88(1) the words
" Part I".
In Schedule 5, in each of para-
graphs 3(1) and 5( 2), the
words " clearance order ".
In Schedule 8 paragraphs 25
to 28 and 31 .
The Housing Act 1971 .
In section 2, subsections (1) to
( 3) and (5).
In section 3 , subsections (1) to
( 3 ) and ( 5 ).
The Housing Finance Act In section 11( 7 ) the words
1972.
" sections 53 and 54 (clear-
ance orders made before 30th
August 1954 ) and other
than".
In section 36, in subsection (1),
paragraph (c ) and, in sub-
section ( 2), in paragraph (c )
"
the words or clearance
order " and " or 44 " .
Section 77.
In Schedule 1, in paragraph
1(1)(d ) , the word " or " at the
end of sub-paragraph (iii) .
In Schedule 8, paragraph 9( 2).
The Local Government In section 171 (1 )
1( 1) the words
Act 1972.
" section 6( 4 ) of the Housing
Act 1969 ".
In Schedule 22, in paragraph
24 the words " 26 ".
The Housing ( Amend-
ment) Act 1973 .
The Land Compensation
Act 1973.
In section 1, subsections (2) to
( 4 ).
In section 29( 7) the words " and
6
redevelopment ' includes a
change of use ".
Section 73(2 ) .
The Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973.
In section 27( 7) the words " and
' redevelopment ' includes a
change of use ".
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
Section 131(3).
In Schedule 12, paragraph 11 .
c.45 1329
PENSE
NOHE
DRO
DIEUETMON
Housing (Scotland) Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 45
An Act to provide for the making of grants towards the
improvement, repair and provision by conversion of
housing accommodation, to make provision for housing
action areas and to re- enact with amendments certain
provisions of Part I of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1969, to make provision as respects landlords and
tenants in housing action areas, to extend the power of
local authorities to make advances for the purpose of
increasing housing accommodation, to empower the
Secretary of State to make payment of a subsidy in
order to compensate local authorities for the loss of
rents as a result of the exercise of the power conferred
by section 11 of the Counter-Inflation Act 1973, to
amend the provisions of PartVofthe Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1969 relating to the improvement of amenities of
residential areas, and for purposes connected therewith.
[31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :
PART I
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TOWARDS WORKS OF IMPROVEMENT,
REPAIR AND CONVERSION
1.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a Power of local
local authority may give assistance by way of making a grant authorities
( in this Part of this Act referred to as an improvement grant ) to make
in respect of- improvement
grants.
1330 PART I
General
provisions
relating to
improvement
grants.
1966 с. 49.
с.45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
( a ) the provision of houses by means of the conversion of
houses or other buildings ;
( b) the improvement of houses.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) shall not apply to houses belonging to a
local authority which are eligible for an Exchequer contribution
under sections 13 to 15 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland) Act 1968.
(3) " Improvement " in this Part of this Act includes alteration
and enlargement, and any reference to works required for the
provision or improvement of a house, whether generally or in
any particular respect, includes a reference to any works of
repair or replacement needed in the opinion of the local
authority paying the grant for the purpose of enabling the house
to which the improvement relates to attain a good state of
repair, and " improved " shall be construed accordingly.
2.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a
local authority shall make an improvement grant if an applica-
tion therefor is made in accordance with this section and
approved by them.
( 2) Such an application shall be in such form as may from time
to time be prescribed and shall contain full particulars of-
( a) the works which are proposed to be or are being carried
out together with plans and specifications of the
works;
( b) the land on which those works are proposed to be
or are being carried out ; and
( c ) the expenses (including any professional fees ) estimated
to be incurred in executing the works, and where the
application relates to the provision or improvement
of more than one house, the estimate shall specify the
proportion of the expenses attributable to each house
proposed to be provided or improved.
( 3) A local authority shall not approve an application for an
improvement grant-
( a) unless they are satisfied that the applicant is the owner,
or the lessee under a lease, of which the period remain-
ing unexpired at the date of the application is not less
than five years, of every parcel of land on which the
improvement works are to be or are being carried out,
other than land proposed to be sold or leased to him
under section 145(4 ) of the Housing (Scotland) Act
1966 ;
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 c. 45
1331
( b ) if the improvement works specified therein have been
PART I
begun , unless they are satisfied that there were good
reasons for beginning the works before the application
was approved.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may give directions to any local
authority or to local authorities generally, requiring that any
application for an improvement grant or all such applications
of any class specified in the directions shall not be approved
except with the consent of the Secretary of State and subject
to any conditions which he may impose ; and it shall be the
duty of any local authority to comply with any such directions.
3.- (1 ) A local authority may in any case, other than in Conditions
respect of an application for an improvement grant to which for approval
section 7 of this Act applies, refuse to approve an application for of applica-
tions for
an improvement grant on any grounds that seem to them improvement
sufficient.
grant other
than applica-
( 2 ) A local authority shall not approve any such applica- tions relating
tion-
exclusively
( a ) unless they are satisfied that the house or houses to to the
which the application for an improvement grant relates provision of
will provide satisfactory housing accommodation for standard
amenities.
such period and conform with such requirements
with respect to construction and physical condition
and the provision of services and amenities as may be
specified for the time being for the purposes of this
section by the Secretary of State ;
( b) if the application is in respect of the improvement or
conversion of a house provided after 15th June 1964,
but the Secretary of State may give directions, either
generally or with respect to any particular case, as
to the waiving of this provision ;
( c) if, subject to the provisions of subsection ( 3) below, the
house to which the application relates is to be occupied
by the owner thereof after completion of the works
and had on the date of the application a rateable value
in excess of the prescribed limit ; and in this para-
graph- ( i) " prescribed limit " means such limit of rate-
able value as the Secretary of State with the consent
of the Treasury may prescribe ; and different limits
may be so prescribed in relation to houses to be
improved and houses to be provided by the conver-
sion of a house or houses and also in relation to
houses in different areas ;
(ii) " rateable value " means the rateable value
entered in the valuation roll last authenticated
prior to the date of the application.
1332 c .45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
Part I
Approval of
application
for improve-
ment grant.
Amount of
improvement grant. ( 3) Paragraph (c ) of subsection ( 2) above shall not apply in
relation to an application for an improvement grant for the
conversion of a building which does not at the date of the
application consist of or include a house.
4.- (1 ) Where a local authority approve an application made
under the provisions of this Part of this Act for an improve-
ment grant, they shall notify the applicant of the amount of the
expense (as estimated in the application ) approved by them as
being attributable to each house proposed to be provided or
improved (an amount hereinafter referred to in relation to
improvement works as the " approved expense " of executing
those works) , and of the amount payable, expressed as a per-
centage of the approved expense and as a cash amount.
(2) In approving an application for an improvement grant a
local authority may require as a condition of paying the grant
that the improvement works are carried out within such period
( which must not be less than a period of twelve months) as the
local authority may specify or within such further period as the
local authority may allow.
(3) Where a local authority-
( a) refuse an application, or
( b) approve an application but fix as the amount of an
improvement grant an amount less than that which
may be fixed by virtue of section 5 or 7 of this Act,
they shall notify the applicant in writing of the grounds of their
decision.
5.-(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
the amount of an improvement grant other than a grant paid
under section 7 of this Act shall not exceed 50 per cent. or such
other percentage as may be prescribed of the approved expense
of executing the works, but the approved expense for an improve-
ment grant including any amount allowed for the purposes of
subsection (3) below shall be subject to a maximum of £2,400, or
such other maximum as may be prescribed, in respect of each
house to which the application relates .
( 2) If, after an application for a grant has been approved by a
local authority, the authority are satisfied that owing to circum-
stances beyond the control of the applicant the expense of the
works will exceed the estimate contained in the application, they
may, on receiving a further estimate, substitute a higher amount
as the amount of the approved expense of executing the works,
but that amount shall not exceed the maximum authorised by
virtue of subsection ( 1 ) above.
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
1333
( 3) A local authority may allow for works of repair and replace-
PART I
ment needed, in their opinion, for the purposes of enabling the
house to attain a good state of repair, -
(a) where an application for an improvement grant relates
wholly or partly to the provision of any or all of the
standard amenities, a maximum approved expense not
exceeding £800 or such other amount as may be pre-
scribed, or 50 per cent. or such other percentage as
may be prescribed of the approved expense of execut-
ing the improvement works, whichever is the greater ;
( b) where an application does not so relate, a maximum
approved expense not exceeding 50 per cent. or such
other percentage as may be prescribed of the approved
expense of executing the improvement works.
( 4 ) If the local authority are satisfied that in any particular
case-
( a) there are good reasons for fixing a higher amount than
that payable by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, that
amount may be exceeded by such amount as the Secre-
tary of State may approve ; and the approval of the
Secretary of State may be given either with respect to
a particular case or with respect to a particular class
of case ;
( b) the expense of executing the works was materially
enhanced by measures taken to preserve the archi-
tectural or historic interest of the house or building to
which the application relates, the amount payable by
virtue of subsection ( 1) above may be exceeded by
such amount as the Secretary of State may approve.
( 5) In any case where-
(a ) an improvement grant or standard grant within the
meaning of Part II of the Housing (Financial Provisions) 1968 с. 31 .
( Scotland ) Act 1968 , or
( b) an improvement grant or repairs grant within the mean-
ing of this Part of this Act, or
( c) assistance under any of the following enactments-
(i) section 1 of the Hill Farming Act 1946,
1946 с. 73.
(ii) section 77 of the Agriculture (Scotland ) Act 1948 с. 45.
1948,
(iii) section 100(1) (b) of the Housing (Scotland) 1950 с. 34.
Act 1950,
(iv ) section 22( 2) of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 c. 21 .
1955,
1334 c. 45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART I
1968 с. 31 .
Payment of improvement grant.
( v ) section 44 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland) Act 1968 ,
has been made or given in respect of a house and, within the
period of 10 years beginning on the date on which that grant
or assistance was paid or, if it was paid by instalments, the date
on which the last instalment was paid, an improvement grant
under this Part of this Act, other than a grant payable under
section 7 thereof, is made in respect of that house, the amount
which by virtue of subsection ( 1) above would be the maximum
payable in relation to that improvement grant shall be reduced
by the unrepaid amount, if any, of that previous grant or
assistance .
(6) Where by virtue of the making on any occasion of an
improvement grant in respect of the improvement of a house the
conditions specified in section 9 of this Act are required to be
observed with respect to the house before the observance thereof
by virtue of the making of an improvement grant on a previous
occasion has ceased to be requisite, the provisions of sections
9, 10 and 12( 4) of, and Schedule 2 to, this Act shall apply in
relation to the house as regards each occasion on which an
improvement grant is so made as if it were the only occasion
on which it was so made.
6.- (1) An improvement grant in respect of the expenses
incurred for the purpose of the execution of improvement works
shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be
paid-
( a) within one month of the date on which, in the opinion
of the local authority, the house first becomes fit for
occupation after the completion of the works ; or
( b) partly in instalments paid from time to time as the
works progress and with a final settlement of the
balance within one month of the completion of the
works but the aggregate of the instalments paid shall
not at any time before the completion of the improve-
ment works exceed 50 per cent. , or such other percent-
age fixed by virtue of section 5(1 ) or 7( 4) of this Act
of the aggregate approved expense of the works
executed up to that time.
( 2 ) The payment of an improvement grant or of an instalment
or the balance thereof shall be conditional on the improvement
works, or, as the case may be, the part of the works which the
local authority consider will entitle the applicant to payment
of the instalment or of the balance of the grant, being executed
to the satisfaction of the local authority.
(3) Where an instalment of an improvement grant is paid
before the completion of the works, and the works are not com-
pleted within twelve months of the date of payment of the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
1335
instalment, then that instalment and any further instalments paid PART I
by the local authority on account of the grant shall , on being
demanded by the authority, forthwith become payable to them
by the person to whom the instalments were paid, and the
instalments shall carry interest at a rate calculated in accordance
with the provisions of section 121 ( 2) of the Local Government 1973 с. 65.
( Scotland ) Act 1973 (rates of interest in relation to certain sums
due to local authorities ) from the date on which they were paid
by the authority until repaid under this subsection.
7.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a Duty of local
local authority shall, where an application in that behalf is made authorities
by the owner to the local authority, give assistance in respect of to make
improvement
the improvement of any house by the owner by way of making grants
an improvement grant in respect of the cost of executing works where an
required for the house to be provided with one or more of the application
standard amenities which it presently lacks, if on completion relates
of the works the house will , in the opinion of the local exclusively
authority- to the
provision of
( a ) be provided with all of the standard amenities for the standard
amenities ;
exclusive use of its occupants ;
and amount
(b ) meet the tolerable standard ; and
thereof .
(c) be likely to be available for use as a house for a period
of at least 10 years .
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply in respect of a
house which is or forms part of a house or building as regards
which the local authority are satisfied that they have power
to serve a notice under section 106 of the Housing ( Scotland) 1966 c. 49.
Act 1966 (power to require execution of works of descriptions
other than work to make good neglect ) .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 5) below, the standard amenities
for the purposes of this Part of this Act are the amenities which
are described in the first column of Part I of Schedule I to
this Act, and which will be for the exclusive use of the occu-
pants of the house to which the application relates.
( 4) The amount of an improvement grant made under this
section shall be 50 per cent. or such other percentage as may
be prescribed of the approved expense, which shall be subject
to a limit determined in accordance with Part II of Schedule I
to this Act.
(5) The Secretary of State may by order vary the provisions
of Schedule I to this Act, and any other order may contain
such transitional or other supplementary provisions as appear
to the Secretary of State to be expedient.
( 6 ) Section 14 of this Act shall have effect for determining
whether a house meets the tolerable standard for the purposes of
1336 c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART I
subsection ( 1) above as it has effect for determining whether a
house meets that standard for the purposes of Part II of this
Act .
Grants
8.- (1) In relation to a grant or an application therefor, any
restricted to
reference in the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act
applicant
and his
and in subsection ( 2) below to the applicant shall be construed,
personal
in relation to any time after his death, as a reference to his
representatives. personal representatives .
( 2) If, subsequent to the approval by the local authority of
the application and before the date on which, in the opinion of
the local authority, the house first becomes fit for occupation
after the completion of the works, an applicant for a grant
ceases to have such an interest as is referred to in section
2(3) (a) of this Act-
( a ) no grant shall be paid or, if any instalment of the grant
was paid before the applicant ceased to have such an
interest, no further instalments shall be paid ; and
( b) any instalment of the grant which has been paid to the
applicant shall, on being demanded by the local autho-
rity who approved the application for the grant, forth-
with become repayable to them by the applicant
together with interest thereon at such rate as may be
calculated in accordance with the provisions of section
1973 с. 65.
121 (2) of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973
( rates of interest in relation to certain sums due to
local authorities) from the date on which it was paid
until repayment.
Conditions
9.- (1 ) Where an application for an improvement grant has
to be observed
been approved by a local authority, the provisions of this
with respect
to houses
section shall apply with respect to the house for a period of five
in respect of
years beginning with the date on which, in the opinion of the
which an
local authority, it first becomes fit for occupation after the com-
improvement grant has
pletion of the improvement works, and shall, so long as those
provisions are required to be so observed, be deemed to be part
beenmade,
and registra-
of the terms of any lease or tenancy of the house and shall be
tion thereof.
enforced accordingly.
(2) It shall be a condition of the grant that-
( a) the house shall not be used for purposes other than
those of a private dwelling-house, but a house shall not
be deemed to be used for purposes other than those
of a private dwelling - house by reason only that part
thereof is used as a shop or office, or for business, trade
or professional purposes ;
Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974 с. 45
( b) the house shall not be occupied by the owner or a PART I
member of his family except as his only or main
residence within the meaning of section 29 of the
Finance Act 1965 ;
1965 с. 25.
(c) all steps as are practicable shall be taken to secure the
maintenance of the house in a good state of repair.
( 3) Subject to subsections (4) and (5) below, it may be a
condition of the grant that the house at all times at which it is
not occupied by the applicant or by a member of his family
will be let or kept available for letting.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) above shall not apply to a house provided
or improved by a registered housing association or a development
corporation ; and " registered " has the same meaning as in
section 129 (2) of the Housing Act 1974.
1974 с. 44.
( 5) Where a house is-
( a ) held upon trust for any charitable purpose within the
meaning of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 с. 10.
1970, so long as it is occupied or kept available for
occupation for that purpose,
(b) occupied by a member of the agricultural population in
pursuance of a contract of service and otherwise than
as a tenant,
( c ) used as a residence by a minister or full- time lay
missionary of any religious denomination by virtue of
his office as such minister or missionary in like manner
as if he were a tenant of the house,
( d ) occupied by a person who under a trust within the
meaning of the Trusts ( Scotland ) Act 1921 is interested 1921 с. 58 .
in the house or proceeds of sale thereof,
(e) occupied by a person who on the death of the applicant
has ( whether or not in consequence of a disposition
by will) become beneficially entitled to, or to an interest
in, the interest of the applicant in the house or in the
proceeds of sale thereof,
it shall be deemed to be let or kept available for letting.
( 6 ) The owner of the house shall, on being required to do so
by the local authority, certify that the conditions specified in
subsections (2) and (3) above are being observed with respect to
the house, and any tenant of the house shall, on being so
required in writing by the owner, furnish to him such informa-
tion as he may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling
him to comply with the provisions of this subsection.
( 7 ) A local authority shall not, as a prerequisite of approving
a grant, require any conditions or obligations, other than the
conditions mentioned in this Part of this Act or other statutory
1337
1338 c . 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART I
obligations to be observed with respect to a house in respect of
which an improvement grant has been made under this Part
of this Act.
( 8) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
in the event of a breach of any of the conditions mentioned
in this section at a time when they are required to be observed
with respect to a house.
(9) Where a local authority pay an improvement grant or, in
a case where an improvement grant is payable partly in instal-
ments as the improvement works progress and as to the balance
after the completion of the works in respect of a house, the
balance of an improvement grant, they shall cause to be recorded
in the General Register of Sasines a notice in the prescribed form
specifying-
( a ) the conditions mentioned in this section which are
required to be observed with respect to the house ;
( b ) the period for which the conditions are to be observed ;
and
( c) the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act whereby on a
breach of any of the said conditions at a time when
they are required to be observed, the owner of the
house becomes liable to repay to the authority the
amount repayable by virtue of the said Schedule ;
and the expenses of such recording shall be repaid to the local
authority by the owner of the house.
Voluntary repayment of improvement
10.-( 1 ) The owner of a house in respect of the provision or
improvement of which an improvement grant has been made
or the holder of a heritable security over the house, being a
grants.
heritable creditor entitled to exercise his power of sale, may, at
any time when the conditions specified in section 9 of this
Act are required to be observed with respect to the house, pay
to the local authority the like amount as would become payable
to them by virtue of Schedule 2 to this Act in the event
of a breach of any of the conditions referred to in section 9(2)
of this Act, and on the making of the payment observance with
respect to the house of those conditions shall cease to be requisite
and the provisions of paragraph 7 of the said Schedule 2 shall
apply for the purposes of this subsection as they apply for the
purposes of that schedule.
( 2) A sum paid under subsection (1) of this section by a
heritable creditor shall be treated as part of the sum secured
by the heritable security.
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c. 45
1339
11.-( 1 ) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to PART I
houses which are to be brought up to the standard specified by a Application
local authority under section 16 or 17 of this Act and which of this Part
are situated in housing action areas for improvement or for of this Act
tohouses
demolition and improvement within the meaning of Part II of situated in
this Act but subject to the modifications contained in sub- a housing
sections (2) to (6) below.
action area
and power
( 2) In section 5(1), for " not exceed 50 per cent. " there shall of local
be substituted " be 75 per cent. ". authority to give
( 3) In section 6( 1), for " 50 per cent. " there shall be sub- repairs grant
stituted " 75 per cent.". insuch
areas : and
( 4 ) In section 12(2), for " 75 per cent. " there shall be sub- amount
stituted " 90 per cent. ".
thereof .
( 5) If, in the case of a house which is in a housing action area
on the date on which the application is approved for a grant
under section 5(1 ) as read with subsection ( 2) above, it appears
to the local authority by whom the application is approved that
the applicant will not without undue hardship be able to finance
the cost of so much of the improvement work as is not met by
the grant, they may increase the percentage under the said
subsection from 75 per cent. to such percentage, not exceeding
90 per cent. , as they think fit.
(6 ) Sections 3( 1) and 7 of this Act shall not apply, but a local
authority shall make an improvement grant to owners of houses
situated in housing action areas as aforesaid in respect of such
improvement works as may, in their opinion, be required for the
house to be brought up to the standard specified by the local
authority in a resolution passed under section 16 or 17 of this
Act in relation to that area.
(7 ) -
(a) Subject to the provisions of subsections (8), (9) and ( 10)
below, a local authority shall pay a grant in respect of
the repair of a house (in this Part of this Act referred
to as a repairs grant ), if an application is made in
accordance with the provisions of this section and
approved by them, in such circumstances as they think
fit ;
(b) a local authority shall not approve an application for a
repairs grant unless the house or, as the case may be,
each of the houses to which the application relates is
situated in a housing action area for improvement or
for demolition and improvement within the meaning of
Part II of this Act and on completion of the works the
house or, as the case may be, each of the houses to
1
1
1340 c .45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART I
Exchequer
contributions
towards
improvement or repairs
grants. which the application relates will attain the standard
specified in the resolution passed under section 16 or
17 of this Act.
( 8) In considering whether or not to exercise their discretion
to approve an application for a repairs grant, a local authority
shall have regard to the question whether, in their opinion, the
applicant would, without undue hardship, be able to finance the
expense of the relevant works without the assistance of a repairs
grant.
( 9) Subject to the provisions of subsection (5 ) above, the
amount of a repairs grant shall not exceed 75 per cent. , or such
other percentage as may be prescribed, of the approved expense
of the works, but the approved expense shall not exceed £800
or such other amount as may be prescribed in respect of each
house to which the application relates.
(10) Sections 2 to 10 (other than section 5( 1) , (3) and (5) and
section (7) of this Act and subsections (3), ( 4) and (5 ) of this
section shall apply to an application for a repairs grant as they
apply to an application for an improvement grant.
12.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make Exchequer con-
tributions towards the expense incurred by a local authority in
making an improvement grant or a repairs grant.
( 2) Subject to any order made by the Secretary of State under
subsection (5) below, an Exchequer contribution under subsection
(1) above shall be a sum equal to 75 per cent. of the annual
loan charges referable to the amount of the grant, payable for
each of the twenty financial years beginning with the year in
which were completed the works in respect of which the grant
wasmade.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, the annual loan charges
referable to the amount of a grant shall ( whatever may be the
manner in which the local authority have provided or intend to
provide the money requisite for making the grant) be the annual
sum which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall
to be provided by the authority for the payment of interest on,
and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal
to the amount of the grant, being money the period for the
repayment of which is twenty years .
( 4 ) A local authority shall pay to the Secretary of State
such percentage as may have been paid to them by virtue of
subsection (2) above of any sum-
(a) recovered by them by virtue of section 9 of this Act in
consequence of a breach of any of the conditions
required to be observed with respect to the house, or
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 c. 45
1341
(b) paid to them under section 10 of this Act in respect of the house.
( 5) The Secretary of State may by order made with the
consent of the Treasury vary, either generally or in relation to
classes of houses, with respect to grants made in pursuance of
applications approved by local authorities after such date as
may be specified in the order, the percentages fixed by virtue
of subsection (2) above :
Provided that the said percentages shall not be reduced to
less than 65 per cent.
( 6) An order under subsection (5 ) above-
( a ) shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been
approved by a resolution of the Commons House of
Parliament ; and
( b) shall not specify under that subsection a date earlier
than the date of the laying of the draft ;
and before laying such a draft the Secretary of State shall consult
with such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be
concerned and with any local authority with whom consultation
appears to him to be desirable.
PART I
PART II
SUB- STANDARD HOUSES
Houses not meeting tolerable standard
13.-( 1 ) It shall be the duty of every local authority to secure General duty
that all houses in their district which do not meet the tolerable of local
standard as defined in section 14 of this Act are closed, authority
demolished or brought up to the tolerable standard within such in respect
period as is reasonable in all the circumstances . ofhouses
not meeting
tolerable
( 2) In determining what period is reasonable for the purposes ordard .
of the foregoing subsection, regard shall be had to alternative
housing accommodation likely to be available for any persons
who may be displaced from houses as a result of any action
proposed by the local authority in pursuance of that subsection.
( 3) Every local authority shall from time to time cause to be
made such a survey or inspection of their district as may be
necessary for the performance of the duty imposed on them by
subsection ( 1) of this section or for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the availability of alternative housing accommodation.
14.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, a house shall Definition
be held to meet the tolerable standard for the purposes of this of house
Act if the house-
meeting
tolerable
(a) is structurally stable ;
standard.
:
1342 PART II
1966 с. 49.
Declaration
ofhousing
action
areas for
demolition.
c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
(b) is substantially free from rising or penetrating damp ;
( c ) has satisfactory provision for natural and artificial
lighting, for ventilation and for heating ;
( d ) has an adequate piped supply of wholesome water
available within the house ;
( e) has a sink provided with a satisfactory supply of both
hot and cold water within the house ;
( f ) has a water closet available for the exclusive use of the
occupants of the house and suitably located within
the house ;
( g ) has an effective system for the drainage and disposal of
foul and surface water ;
( h) has satisfactory facilities for the cooking of food
within the house ;
(i ) has satisfactory access to all external doors and out-
buildings ;
and any reference in this Act to a house not meeting the
tolerable standard or being brought up to the tolerable standard
shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order vary or extend or
amplify the criteria set out in the foregoing subsection either
generally or, after consultation with a particular local authority,
in relation to the district, or any part of the district, of that
authority.
(3) This section shall be without prejudice to section 17 of
the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1966 (which provides that certain
underground rooms shall be deemed to be houses not meeting
the tolerable standard for the purposes of Part II of that Act ) .
Housing Action Areas
15.-( 1 ) Where a local authority are satisfied-
( a) that the houses, or the greater part of the houses, in
any area in their district do not meet the tolerable
standard, and
( b) that the most effective way of dealing with the area is to
apply to the area the provisions of subsection (2) below,
they may cause the area to be defined on a map and pass a draft
resolution declaring the area so defined to be a housing action
area for demolition, that is to say, an area which is to be dealt
with in accordance with the provisions of the said subsection (2) .
(2) A resolution passed under this section shall provide that
a housing action area for demolition shall be dealt with by
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 с.45
1343
securing the demolition of all the buildings in the area but such
an area shall not include the site of a building unless at least
part of the building consists of a house which does not exceed
the tolerable standard.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, a house in respect of
which a closing order has been made and not determined shall
be deemed to be a house which does not meet the tolerable
standard.
PART II
16.-( 1 ) Where a local authority are satisfied-
Declaration
of housing
(a) that the houses, or the greater part of the houses, in any action areas
area in their district lack one or more of the standard for improve-
amenities or do not meet the tolerable standard, and ment.
( b) that the most effective way of dealing with the said
area is to apply to the area the provisions of sub-
section (2) below,
they may cause the area to be defined on a map and pass a
draft resolution declaring the area so defined to be a housing
action area for improvement, that is to say, an area which is
to be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the said
subsection (2) .
( 2) A resolution passed under this section shall provide that
a housing action area for improvement shall be dealt with by
securing the carrying out of such works on the houses in the
area which do not meet the standard specified by the local
authority under subsection (3) below in respect of the area that
on the completion of the works all the houses in the area will
meet that standard.
( 3) The standard specified by the local authority for the
purpose of this section shall be that all the houses in the area-
(a ) shall meet the tolerable standard ; and
(b) shall be in a good state of repair (disregarding the state
of internal decorative repair) having regard to the age,
character and locality of the houses,
and, where the local authority are satisfied that the houses in the
area have a future life of not less than 10 years, they may in
addition specify that all the houses in the area shall be provided
with all of the standard amenities.
( 4) A housing action area for improvement shall not include
the site of a building unless at least part of the building consists
of a house which lacks one or more of the standard amenities or
does not meet the tolerable standard .
1344 c. 45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
Declaration
of housing
action areas
for demolition
and improve-
ment.
17.-( 1) Where a local authority are satisfied-
( a) that the houses, or the greater part of the houses, in any
area in their district lack one or more of the standard
amenities or do not meet the tolerable standard, and
( b ) that the most effective way of dealing with the said
area is to apply to the area the provisions of subsection
( 2 ) below,
they may cause the area to be defined on a map and pass a draft
resolution declaring the area so defined to be a housing action
area for demolition and improvement, that is to say, an area
which is to be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of
the said subsection (2) .
(2 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, a resolution passed under
this section shall provide that a housing action area for demoli-
tion and improvement shall be dealt with by securing the
demolition of some of the buildings in the area and by securing
the carrying out of such works on those houses in the area
which do not meet the standard specified by the local authority
by virtue of subsection (3) below in respect of the area,
other than the houses in those buildings, that on the completion
of the works all the houses then in the area will meet that
standard.
(3) For the purposes of specifying the standard mentioned in
subsection (2) above, the provisions of subsection (3) of section 16
of this Act shall apply as they apply for the purposes of specify-
ing the standard mentioned in subsection (2) of that section .
( 4 ) A local authority shall not secure the demolition of a
building in a housing action area for demolition and improve-
ment unless the greater part of the houses in the building are
below the tolerable standard.
(5) A housing action area for demolition and improvement
shall not include the site of a building unless at least part of
the building consists of a house which lacks one or more of
the standard amenities or does not meet the tolerable standard.
Provisions
18.-( 1) In considering whether to take action under section
supplementary 15, 16 or 17 of this Act with respect to an area, a local autho-
to sections 15,
16 , and 17. rity shall have regard to any directions given by the Secretary
of State, either generally or in respect of any particular autho-
rity or authorities, with regard to the identification of areas
suitable to be declared to be housing action areas.
(2) If, on the application of a local authority, the Secretary
of State is satisfied that in all the circumstances it is reasonable
to do so, he may give directions as respects the waiving of the
requirement in the said section 16( 1)(a) or 17( 1) (a) that the
1
i
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c.45
greater part of the houses in any area of that local authority's
district lack one or more of the standard amenities or do not
meet the tolerable standard.
( 3) A draft resolution passed under the provisions of the said
section 15, 16 or 17 shall specify the section under which it was
made, be in such form and contain such information about
such matters as the Secretary of State may prescribe, and the
Secretary of State may prescribe different requirements for the
different resolutions.
( 4 ) A draft resolution passed under the said section 15, 16 or
17 shall, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
provisions of this section, contain a statement as to the standard
specified by the local authority under the said section 16 or by
virtue of the said section 17 and shall identify-
( a) those buildings in the area which consist of a house or
houses which, in the opinion of the local authority,
should be demolished ;
( b) those houses in the area which are below the standard
specified as aforesaid and which, in the opinion of the
local authority, should be brought up to that standard
and do not fall within paragraph ( c ) below ;
( c ) those houses in the area which form part of a building
comprising two or more flats and which, in the opinion
of the local authority-
(i ) are below the standard specified for the area
as aforesaid, and
(ii) require to be integrated with some other part
or parts of that building ;
and that other part or parts of the building shall also
be identified.
1345
PART II
!
19.-(1) A local authority shall, as soon as may be after Functions of
passing a draft resolution under section 15, 16 or 17 of this Secretary
Act, submit the draft resolution and a copy of the map to the ofState,
Secretary of State. and duty
oflocal
authority to
( 2 ) On receiving the draft resolution and a copy of the map. publish
the Secretary of State shall send to the local authority a written information.
acknowledgement of the receipt of the resolution and of the
map.
( 3) If it appears to the Secretary of State to be appropriate to
do so he may, at any time within the period of 28 days beginning
with the day on which he sent an acknowledgement under sub-
section (2) above,
( a) direct the local authority to rescind the resolution ; or
Part II N
1346 c .45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
Procedure to
be followed
after publica-
tion and
service of
notice of
draft
resolution.
( b) notify the local authority that he does not propose to
direct them to rescind the resolution ; or
( c ) notify the local authority that he requires a further
period for consideration of the resolution and as soon
as practicable thereafter direct the local authority as
mentioned in paragraph (a ) above or, as the case may
be, notify them as mentioned in paragraph (b) above.
( 4 ) As soon as may be after the date on which a local autho-
rity are notified as mentioned in subsection (3) ( a) above, the local
authority shall rescind the draft resolution.
( 5) Where the local authority are notified as mentioned in
subsection (3) (b) above or, if after the expiry of the period of
28 days mentioned in subsection ( 3) above, the local authority
have received no notification from the Secretary of State, the
local authority shall as soon as may be-
( a) publish in two or more newspapers circulating in the
locality (of which one shall, if practicable, be a local
newspaper) a notice that a draft resolution has been
made and naming a place or places and times at which
a copy of the resolution and a copy of the map may
be inspected ; and
(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any
premises to which the draft resolution relates a notice
stating the effect of the resolution.
( 6) Any notice for the purposes of subsection ( 5 ) above
shall be in such form, contain such information and be served
in such manner as the Secretary of State may prescribe ; and
the Secretary of State may prescribe different requirements for
the different resolutions .
(7) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of
subsection (6) above, a notice served under subsection (5) (b)
above shall state that such owner, lessee and occupier may,
within two months from the date of service of the notice, make
representations to the local authority concerning the draft reso-
lution or any matter contained therein .
20.- ( 1 ) The local authority shall have regard to any repre-
sentations made to them by virtue of section 19( 7) of this Act
and, within a period of two months from the expiry of the
period of two months mentioned in the said subsection (7) ,
shall-
(a) subject to the provisions of subsection ( 2 ) below, pass a
final resolution confirming the draft resolution, with or
without modifications ; or
(b) rescind the draft resolution.
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c .45
1347
( 2 ) The power to make modifications by virtue of subsection
(1)( a) above shall not include power to extend the area defined
in the draft resolution.
PART II
( 3) The local authority shall, as soon as may be-
( a) send a copy of the final resolution and a copy of the
map to the Secretary of State,
( b) publish in the manner required by section 19( 5) ( a) of
this Act a notice that a final resolution has been made,
or as the case may be, that the draft resolution has
been rescinded and
( c ) serve on such persons as were served with a notice in
pursuance of section 19( 5) ( b) of his Act, a notice
stating the effect of any final resolution or, as the case
may be, stating that the draft resolution has been
rescinded,
and the provisions of section 19( 6) of this Act shall apply to the
publication and service of a notice under this section as they
apply to the publication and service of a notice under the said
section 19.
( 4 ) The provisions of section 18 of this Act shall apply to a
final resolution as they apply to a draft resolution.
21. Any notice authorised or required to be sent to an owner, Service of
lessee or occupier by virtue of sections 19(5)(b) and 20(3)(c) of notices.
this Act may, if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to
ascertain the name of such owner lessee or occupier, be served
by addressing it to him by the description of ' owner ', ' lessee '
or ' occupier ', as the case may be, identifying the house to which
it relates and by delivering it to some person in the house, or
if there is no person in the house to whom it can be delivered,
by affixing it, or a copy of it , to some conspicuous part of the
house.
22.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of subsection ( 2 ) below, Powers of
where a local authority have published and served, in accordance acquisition
with the provisions of section 19 of this Act, a notice of the of land
passing of a draft resolution made under section 15, 16 or 17 of within housing
this Act, the local authority, from the date of he said publication action areas
and service, shall have power to purchase land by agreement by local
in the area to which the said draft resolution relates, in order authority.
themselves to undertake, or otherwise secure, the demolition, or
improvement to the standard specified under section 16( 3) or by
virtue of section 17( 3) of this Act ( as the case may be) , of the
houses or buildings .
N2
1348 c . 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
( 2) Where under subsection ( 1 ) above the local authority
purchase a house identified in accordance with section 18 (4 ) (c)
of this Act, they may also purchase any other part of the
building so identified if in their opinion it is necessary to
purchase such other part in order to integrate it with that house.
Local
authority
may acquire
land
surrounded
by or
adjoining
housing
action areas.
23. Where a local authority determine to acquire any land
comprised in an area declared by them to be a housing action
area, they may acquire also-
( a) any land which is surrounded by the housing action
area ; and
( b) any land adjoining the housing action area,
if the acquisition is reasonably necessary for the purpose of
securing an area of convenient shape and dimensions or is
reasonably necessary for the satisfactory development or use
of the housing action area.
Duty of local authorities to
24.-(1) Where the owner or the lessee of a house situated
in a housing action area is willing to carry out improvement
offer loans
works which are, in the opinion of the local authority, required
to meet
expenses of
in order to bring the house up to the standard specified under
improvement. section 16( 3) or by virtue of section 17( 3) of this Act, he may,
not later than nine months from the date of publication and
service of a notice of a final resolution passed under section 20
of this Act, apply to the local authority for a loan.
(2 ) Subject to this section, if the local authority are satisfied
that the applicant can reasonably be expected to meet obliga-
tions assumed by him in pursuance of this section in respect of
a loan of the amount of the expenditure to which the application
relates, the authority shall offer to make a loan of that amount
to the applicant, the loan to be secured to the authority by a
standard security over the premises consisting of or comprising
the house.
( 3) Subject to this section, if the local authority are not so
satisfied, but consider that the applicant can reasonably be
expected to meet obligations assumed by him in pursuance of
this section in respect of a loan of a smaller amount, the author-
ity may, if they think fit, offer to make a loan of that smaller
amount to the applicant, the loan to be secured as aforesaid.
( 4 ) Any offer made by the local authority under this section
shall contain a condition to the effect that, if an improvement
grant or a repairs grant becomes payable under Part I of this
Act in respect of the expenditure to which the application under
this section relates, the authority shall not be required to lend a
sum greater than the amount of the expenditure to which the
application relates after deduction of the amount of the grant.
c . 45
Housing (Scotland) Act 1974 1349
(5) The local authority shall not make an offer under the
PART II
foregoing provisions of this section unless they are satisfied
that-
( a ) the applicant's estate or interest in the said house
amounts to ownership or a lease for a period which
will not expire before the date for final repayment of
the loan, and
(b) according to a valuation made on behalf of the local
authority, the amount of the principal of the loan
does not exceed the value which it is estimated the
subjects comprised in the security will bear after im-
provement of the house or houses to the standard
specified under section 16( 3) or by virtue of section
17(3) of this Act.
( 6) The rate of interest payable on a loan under this section
shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of section
121 (2) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 (rates of 1973 c. 65.
interest in relation to certain sums due to local authorities) and
the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, give directions, either
generally or in any particular case, as to the time within which
a loan under this section, or any part of such a loan, is to be
repaid.
( 7 ) Subject to this section, the loan offered by the local autho-
rity under this section shall be subject to such reasonable terms
as the authority may specify in their offer .
( 8) The local authority's offer may in particular include any
such terms as are described in section 49(3)( c) of the Housing 1968 c. 31 .
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 (repayment of prin-
cipal and interest) and provision for the advance being made
by instalments from time to time as the works of improvement
progress.
(9) Where an improvement grant or repairs grant is payable
partly in respect of expenditure to which the application under
this section relates, and partly in respect of other expenditure,
the reference in subsection ( 4) above to an improvement grant
or repairs grant shall be taken as a reference to the part of the
grant which in the opinion of the local authority is attributable
to the expenditure to which the application under this section
relates.
N3
1350 с.45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
Reviver of
sections 80
and 87 of the
Housing
( Scotland)
Act 1966, with
amendments
thereto
and with
consequential
amendments
tothe
Schedule to
the Crofters
Holdings
( Scotland)
Act 1886
and to
Schedule 5 to
the Crofters
( Scotland)
Act 1955.
1966 с. 49.
1886 с. 29.
1955 с. 21 .
25.- (1) Section 80 (adjustment of relations between lessors
and lessees of agricultural holdings, etc. ) and section 87
(interpretation ) in so far as connected with section 80, of Part
IV of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 are hereby revived.
( 2 ) In the said section 80-
66
( a ) for the words an immediate improvement notice or a
final improvement notice or an undertaking accepted
under this Part of this Act ", wherever those words
occur, there shall be substituted the words " a notice
of a final resolution under Part II of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ;
66
(b ) in subsection (2), the words or undertaking " wherever
those words occur shall be omitted ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3), for the paragraph inserted into the
Schedule to the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886
and into Schedule 5 to the Crofters ( Scotland ) Act
1955 as paragraph 1A there shall be substituted the
following paragraph-
" 1A. Improvement works carried out in compliance
with a notice of a final resolution served under Part II of
the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974."
( 3) In the Schedule to the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act
1886 and in Schedule 5 to the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955,
for paragraph 1A in each of those schedules ( both of which
schedules relate to permanent improvements) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
" 1A. Improvement works carried out in compliance
with a notice of a final resolution served under Part II of
the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974. "
Provisions
26. ( 1) In so far as a resolution passed under section 15 or
regarding
17 of this Act provides that some or all of the buildings in a
acquisition of
*
land by local authority
housing action area should be demolished, the powers of
acquiring land comprised in or surrounded by or adjoining
such an area conferred on a local authority by this Part of this
Act shall not be restricted by the fact that buildings within
that area have been demolished since the area was declared to
be a housing action area.
1973 c.65
( 2 ) Land for the purposes of this Part of this Act may be
acquired by a local authority by agreement under section 70
of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 (acquisition of
land by agreement) .
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
( 3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4 ) below, a local
PART II
authority may be authorised by the Secretary of State to purchase
land compulsorily for the same purposes as they may acquire
land by agreement under sections 22 and 23 of this Part of this
Act and the Acquisition of Land ( Authorisation Procedure) 1947 c. 42.
( Scotland ) Act 1947 shall apply in relation to any such com-
pulsory purchase as if this Act had been in force immediately
before the commencement of that Act, but subject to the
following modifications-
( a ) the compulsory purchase order shall not be in the form
prescribed under paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to that
Act, but shall be in a form prescribed under this
section ;
( b) the notices referred to in paragraphs 3 and 6 of the said
Schedule 1 shall not be in the form prescribed under
those paragraphs, but shall be in a form prescribed
under this section ;
( c ) the order shall show separately the houses in the housing
action area which do not meet the tolerable standard
and, as the case may be, that standard along with any
other standard specified under section 16 or by virtue
of section 17 of this Act and the land proposed to be
purchased outside the area ;
(d ) the order as confirmed by the Secretary of State shall
not authorise the local authority to purchase any house
on less favourable terms with respect to compensa-
tion than the terms on which the order would have
authorised them to purchase the house if the order
had been confirmed without modification ;
(e) if the Secretary of State is of opinion that any land
included by a local authority in a housing action
area ought not to have been so included, he shall on
confirming the order so modify it as to exclude that
land for all purposes from that area ;
( f ) in section 1 of that Act, any reference to the said
Schedule 1 shall be construed as a reference to that
Schedule as modified by this subsection ;
( g) in Part IV of that Schedule any reference to that Act
or that Schedule and any reference to any regulation
made thereunder shall be construed respectively as a
reference to that Act as modified by this subsection
and as including a reference to any regulation made
under this subsection ;
( h) section 3 of that Act (power to extinguish certain public
rights of way over land acquired) shall be omitted.
N4
1351
1352 c. 45
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974
PART II
(4 ) Where a local authority have published and served notice
of a final resolution in accordance with the provisions of section
20 of this Act declaring an area to be-
( a ) a housing action area for demolition, they shall submit
any order authorising the compulsory purchase of land
in the area to the Secretary of State within a period of
six months from the date of the said publication and
service,
( b) a housing action area for improvement or for demolition
and improvement, any such order as aforesaid shall
not be made by the local authority before the expiry
of a period of three months and shall be submitted to
the Secretary of State within a period of nine months
from the date of the said publication and service,
but the Secretary of State may in the circumstances of a par-
ticular case, allow such longer period for the periods of six
months and nine months mentioned respectively in paragraphs
(a) and (b) above as he thinks appropriate.
Power of local
27.-( 1 ) A local authority, who in a resolution passed under
authority to
section 15 or 17 of this Act have provided that some or all of the
retain houses
buildings in a housing action area should be demolished,
subjectto
demolition for may postpone the demolition of any such building on land pur-
temporary
chased by or belonging to the authority within that area, being
occupation.
a building which is, or which contains, a house which in the
opinion of the authority must be continued in use as housing
accommodation for the time being.
(2) Where the demolition of a building is postponed under
the foregoing subsection, the authority shall carry out such works
as may in their opinion from time to time be required for
rendering or keeping such house capable of being continued in
use as housing accommodation pending its demolition.
( 3) In respect of any house retained by a local authority under
this section for use for housing purposes, the authority shall have
the like powers and duties as they have in respect of houses
1966 с. 49.
provided under Part VII of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966.
Provisions
with respect
to land
belonging
to local
authority.
28. A local authority may include in a housing action
area any land belonging to them which they might have in-
cluded in such an area if the land had not belonged to them ;
and where any land belonging to a local authority is included in
a housing action area, or where any land belonging to a local
authority is surrounded by or adjoins a housing action area
and might have been purchased by the authority under section
23 of this Act had it not been previously acquired by them, the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 с .45
1353
provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply in relation to any
such land as if it had been purchased compulsorily by the
authority as being land comprised in the housing action area
or, as the case may be, as being land surrounded by or adjoining
the housing action area.
PART II
29.-( 1 ) Where land is purchased compulsorily by a local Compensation
authority under this Part of this Act, the compensation payable in respect of
land acquired
in respect thereof shall, subject to the following provisions of compulsorily.
this section, be assessed by the Lands Tribunal in accordance
with the Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1963 .
1963 с. 51 .
( 2 ) In the case of the compulsory acquisition of a house which
is specified in the compulsory purchase order as not meeting the
tolerable standard, such compensation shall not ( except by virtue
of paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1963) exceed
the value, at the time when the valuation is made, of the site
of the house as a cleared site available for development in
accordance with the requirements of the building regulations
for the time being in force in the district.
(3) The reference in the last foregoing subsection to compen-
sation is a reference to the compensation payable in respect of
the purchase exclusive of any compensation for disturbance or
for severance or for injurious affection .
( 4 ) In the case of land purchased as aforesaid, other than
land in respect of which the provisions of subsections ( 2) and (3 )
of this section have effect, the rules specified in Schedule 4 to
the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 shall be observed.
1966 с. 49.
30.-( 1 ) Where as respects a house which is made the subject Payments in
of a compulsory purchase order under this Part of this Act as respect of
not meeting the tolerable standard, the Secretary of State is well-
maintained
satisfied, after causing the house to be inspected by one of his houses.
officers, that it has been well maintained, the Secretary of State
may give directions for the making by the local authority of a
payment calculated in accordance with section 21 of the Housing 1969 c. 34.
( Scotland) Act 1969 in respect of the house.
( 2) A payment under this section shall be made-
( a) if the house is occupied by an owner thereof, to him,
or
(b) if the house is not so occupied, to the person or persons
liable to maintain and repair the house, and, if more
than one person is so liable, in such shares as the
local authority think equitable in the circumstances :
Provided that, if any other person satisfies the local authority
that the good maintenance of the house is attributable to a
1354 c.45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
material extent to work carried out by him or at his expense,
the authority may, if it appears to them to be equitable in the
circumstances, make the payment, in whole or in part, to him.
Local
31. Section 144 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 (which
authority may take possession of
provides that a local authority may take possession of land to
be acquired by agreement or appropriated for purposes of Part
land to be
VII of that Act ) shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this
acquired by
Act as it applies for the purposes of the said Part VII.
agreement or appropriated
for purposes
ofPart II .
1966 с. 49.
Local
32. A local authority who have under this Part of this Act
authority may purchased any land comprised in or surrounded by or adjoining
sell or lease
land purchased a housing action area-
under Part II.
( a ) may, where the land was purchased for the purpose of
bringing the houses in the area up to the standard
specified under section 16( 3) or by virtue of section
17(3) of this Act, sell or lease any such house to any
person subject to the condition that that person will
bring the house up to at least the appropriate standard
and to any other restriction or condition that they may
think fit ; or
(b) may, in any other case, sell or lease the land subject to
such restrictions and conditions, if any, as they think
fit, or may, in accordance with section 73 of the Local
1973 с. 65.
Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 (appropriation of
land), appropriate the land for any purpose for which
they are authorised to acquire land.
Extinction of
33.-( 1 ) A local authority may, with the approval of the
rights of way,
Servitudes, etc. Secretary of State, by order extinguish any public right of way
over any land purchased by them under this Part of this Act
or provide for the closing or diversion of any street in con-
nection with the development of a housing action area.
( 2 ) An order made by a local authority under subsection ( 1)
of this section shall be made in the prescribed form and be
published in the prescribed manner, and, if any objection thereto
is made to the Secretary of State before the expiration of two
months from the publication thereof, the Secretary of State shall
not approve the order until he has caused a public local inquiry
to be held into the matter.
(3) Where a local authority have resolved to purchase under
this Part of this Act land over which a public right of way
exists, it shall be lawful under the foregoing provisions of this
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
1355
section for the authority to make and for the Secretary of State
PART II
to approve, in advance of the purchase, an order extinguishing
that right as from the date on which the buildings on the land
are vacated, or at the expiration of such period after that date
as may be specified in the order or as the Secretary of State in
approving the order may direct.
( 4 ) Upon the completion by a local authority of the purchase
by them of any land under this Part of this Act, all private
rights of way and all rights of laying down, erecting, continuing
or maintaining any apparatus on, under or over that land, and
all other rights or servitudes in or relating to that land, shall be
extinguished, and any such apparatus shall vest in the autho-
rity ; and any person who suffers loss by the extinction or
vesting of any such right or apparatus as aforesaid shall be
entitled to be paid by the authority compensation to be deter-
mined by the Lands Tribunal in accordance with the Land 1963 с. 51 .
Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1963 :
Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any right
vested in public undertakers of laying down, erecting, continuing
or maintaining any apparatus or to any apparatus belonging to
public undertakers, and shall have effect as respects other
matters subject to any agreement which may be made between
the local authority and the person in or to whom the right or
apparatus in question is vested or belongs.
34.-( 1 ) Where the removal or alteration of apparatus Provisions as
belonging to public undertakers on, under or over land pur- to apparatus
chased by a local authority under this Part of this Act or on, of public
under or over a street running over or through or adjoining any
undertakers.
such land is reasonably necessary for the purpose of enabling
the authority to execise any of the powers conferred upon them
by this Part of this Act, the authority shall have power to
execute works for the removal or alteration of the apparatus
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this section .
( 2 ) A local authority who intend to remove or alter any
apparatus under the powers conferred by subsection ( 1) of this
section shall serve on the undertakers notice in writing of their
intention, with particulars of the proposed works and of the
manner in which they are to be executed and plans and sections
thereof, and shall not commence any works until the expiration
of a period of 28 days from the date of service of the notice,
and the undertakers may within that period by notice in writing
served on the authority-
(a ) object to the execution of the works or any of them
1356 c .45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART II
on the ground that they are not necessary for the
purpose aforesaid ; or
( b) state requirements to which in their opinion effect
ought to be given as to the manner of, or the obser-
vance of conditions in, the execution of the works, as
to the execution of other works for the protection of
other apparatus belonging to the undertakers, or as to
the execution of other works for the provision of
substituted apparatus whether permanent or temporary ;
and-
(i) if objection is so made to any works and not withdrawn,
the local authority shall not execute the works unless
they are determined by arbitration to be so necessary ;
( ii ) if any such requirement as aforesaid is so made and
not withdrawn, the local authority shall give effect
thereto unless it is determined by arbitration to be
unreasonable.
( 3) A local authority shall make to public undertakers reason-
able compensation for any damage which is sustained by them
by reason of the execution by the authority of any works under
subsection (1) of this section and which is not made good by
the provision of substituted apparatus.
Any question as to the right of undertakers to recover com-
pensation under this subsection or as to the amount thereof
shall be determined by arbitration.
( 4) Where the removal or alteration of apparatus belonging
to public undertakers or the execution of works for the provi-
sion of substituted apparatus whether permanent or temporary is
reasonably necessary for the purposes of their undertaking by
reason of the stopping up, diversion or alteration of the level
or width of a street by a local authority under powers exercisable
by virtue of this Act, such undertakers may, by notice in writing
served on the authority, require them at the expense of the
authority to remove or alter the apparatus or to execute the
works, and, where any such requirement is so made and not
withdrawn, the authority shall give effect thereto unless
they serve notice in writing on the undertakers of their objection
to the requirement within 28 days from the date of service of
the notice upon them and the requirement is determined by
arbitration to be unreasonable.
(5) At least 7 days before commencing any works which
they are authorised or required under the foregoing provisions of
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c.45
1357
this section to execute, the local authority shall, except in case
of emergency, serve on the undertakers notice in writing of their
intention so to do, and the works shall be executed by the
authority under the superintendence ( at the expense of the
authority ) and to the reasonable satisfaction of the undertakers :
Provided that, if within 7 days from the date of service on
them of notice under this subsection the undertakers so elect,
they shall themselves execute the works in accordance with the
reasonable directions and to the reasonable satisfaction of the
local authority, and the reasonable costs thereof shall be repaid
to the undertakers by the authority.
(6) Any difference arising between public undertakers and a
local authority under subsection ( 5 ) of this section and any
matter which is by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this
section to be determined by arbitration shall-
( a) in the case of a question arising under subsection (3)
of this section be referred to and determined by the
Lands Tribunal ;
( b) in any other case be referred to and determined by an
arbiter to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the
Secretary of State.
( 7 ) In this section, references to the alteration of apparatus
include references to diversion and to alterations of position or
level.
PART II
35.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) of this section, a local Local
authority may, authority may
control
( a) as soon as practicable after they receive notification occupation of
under section 19( 3) (b) of this Act, or houses in
( b) if after the expiry of the period of 28 days mentioned housing action
area.
in section 19(3) of this Act they have received no notifi-
cation from the Secretary of State ;
make an order in the prescribed form prohibiting the occupation
of the houses in the area which have been identified in accord-
ance with section 18(4)(a) and (c) of this Act except with the
consent of the authority.
(2) Within 28 days of making an order under this section, the
local authority shall serve a notice in the prescribed form in
respect of every such house in the housing action area-
(a ) upon the person having control of the house, and
( b) upon any other person who is an owner or occupier
of the house,
stating that the order has been made and indicating the effect
of the order.
1358 PART II c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
( 3) An order made under this section shall not prohibit the
occupation of a house in the area by a person occupying it on
the date of the service of the notice in respect of the house under
the last foregoing subsection.
( 4) If any person, knowing that an order has been made under
this section, occupies or permits to be occupied a house after
the date of the service of the notice in respect of the house under
subsection (2) of this section in contravention of the order, he
shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary
conviction,
(a ) to a fine not exceeding £ 400, and in the case of a
second or subsequent conviction in respect of that
house or any other house to a fine not exceeding £ 400
or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months
or to both such fine and such imprisonment ; and
( b) in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine of
£5 for every day or part of a day which he occupies
the house, or permits it to be occupied, after
conviction.
(5 ) Where an owner or a person having control of a house
in respect of which an order under this section is served con-
siders that it is unreasonable in all the circumstances of the case
that the order should continue to apply to the house, he may
apply to the local authority to revoke the order in respect of
the house.
(6) Where an applicant for a revocation under subsection (5 )
above is aggrieved by the refusal of the local authority to
revoke the order, he may appeal to the sheriff by giving notice
of appeal within 21 days of the date of the refusal.
( 7 ) An order made under this section shall cease to have effect
in relation to any house affected by any of the following events,
that is to say-
( a ) on the date on which the local authority revoke an order
under subsection (5) above ;
( b) on the date of the passing of a final resolution under
section 20 of this Act identifying a house in accordance
with that section as read with section 18(4 ) (b) of this
Act ;
( c ) on the date of the rescinding of a draft resolution under
the said section 20 ;
( d ) in the case where the Secretary of State, in refusing to
confirm an order for compulsory purchase submitted
to him under section 26 of this Act, directs that any
order made under this section shall cease to apply
either generally or in respect of individual houses, on
the date of that direction ;
Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974 c . 45
1359
( e ) in the case where the Secretary of State, in modifying
in accordance with the provisions of section 26(3) (e) of
this Act an order for compulsory purchase submitted to
him under the said section 26, directs that any order
made under this section shall cease to apply either
generally or in respect of individual houses, on the
date of that direction .
PART II
36. Where a person is to be displaced as a result of the Obligation of
implementation of the provisions of this Part of this Act, and local
where a local authority are under a duty by virtue of section 36 authorities in
relation to
of the Land Compensation ( Scotland ) Act 1973 to rehouse him, rehousing in
the authority shall, if so requested by that person and in so far housing action
as practicable, secure that he will be provided with suitable areas.
alternative accommodation within a reasonable distance from 1973 c. 56.
the locality of the house from which he is to be displaced.
PART III
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LANDLORDS AND TENANTS IN
HOUSING ACTION AREAS
37.-( 1 ) Where- Application to
( a ) an owner of a house has received a notice stating the sheriff for
effect of a final resolution passed under section 20(1) possession
where house
of this Act, which identifies the building of which the is identified
house consists or forms part in accoordance with that in accordance
section as read with section 18(4 ) (a) of this Act ; with section
(b) the owner of the house is willing to secure the demoli- 20(1) as read
with section
tion of the building of which the house consists or 18( 4)( a ).
forms part ; and
( c) the owner cannot obtain vacant possession of the house
by agreement with the tenant thereof,
then, whether or not the tenancy of that house has been
terminated, the owner may apply to the sheriff for an order for
possession of that house.
( 2) Any such order shall require the tenant to vacate the
house within such period, not being less than four weeks nor
more than six weeks from the date of the order, as the sheriff
may determine and, where any tenancy of that house has not
previously been terminated, any such order shall have the effect
of terminating that tenancy as from the date of the order.
( 3) Any order made under this section may be made subject
to such conditions (including conditions with respect to the pay-
ment of money by any party to the proceedings to any other
party thereto by way of adjustment of rent or compensation for
any improvements carried out by the tenant) as the sheriff may
think just and equitable, having regard to the respective rights,
1360 PART III
Application to
sherriff for
possession
where house is
identified in
accordance
with section
20(1) as read
with section
18( 4)(c) .
Application to
sheriff for
possession
where house
isidentified
in accordance
with section
20(1) as read
with section
18( 4)(b) .
c . 45
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974
obligations and liabilities of the parties and to all the circum-
stances of the case, but no such order shall be made unless the
sheriff is satisfied that suitable alternative accommodation on
reasonable terms will be available to the tenant.
38.- ( 1 ) Where-
(a) an owner of a house has received a notice stating the
effect of a final resolution passed under section 20( 1 )
of this Act, which identifies the house in accordance
with that section as read with section 18(4) (c) of this
Act ;
(b) the owner of the house is also the owner of the other
part or parts of the building of which the house forms
part which have been identified as aforesaid as requir-
ing to be integrated with that house, in whole or in
part ;
(c) the owner of the house is willing to carry out the neces-
sary works of integration as aforesaid ; and
(d) the owner cannot obtain vacant possession of the house
or of the said other part or parts of the building
by agreement with any tenant thereof,
then, whether or not the tenancy of that house or of the said
other part or parts of the building has been terminated, the owner
may apply to the sheriff for an order for possession of that
house or of the said other part or parts of the building.
( 2) The provisions of section 37(2) and (3) of this Act shall
apply to an order made under this section as they apply to an
order made under that section but, without prejudice to the
generality of the provisions of those subsections, the sheriff shall,
before imposing any such conditions as are referred to in
section 37(3) of this Act, have regard as to whether the owner
has offered to any tenant, who will be required to vacate the
house by an order under this section, a tenancy of a house
which will include in whole or in part that house.
39.- (1 ) Where-
(a) an owner of a house has received a notice stating the
effect of a final resolution passed under section 20( 1 )
of this Act, which identifies the house in accordance
with that section as read with section 18( 4)(b) of this
Act;
( b) the owner of the house is willing to carry out the
necessary works to bring the house up to the standard
specified for the area by the local authority under
section 16(3) or, as the case may be, by virtue of
section 17(3 ) of this Act ;
1
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
1361
( c ) those works cannot be carried out without the consent
of the tenant of that house or without the house being
vacated temporarily ; and
( d ) the tenant refuses to consent to the carrying out of
those works or to vacate the house,
then the owner may apply to the sheriff for an order authorising
the owner to enter the house and carry out those works, and, on
any such application, the sheriff may, if he considers that it is
necessary for the house to be vacated to enable the works to
be carried out , order the tenant to vacate the house for such
period, beginning not less than four weeks from the date of the
order, as the sheriff may determine.
( 2) Any order made under this section may be made subject
to such conditions (including conditions with respect to the
payment of rent payable under the tenancy during the carrying
out of the works and as to the period during which the house
is to be vacated ) as the sheriff may think just and equitable,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, but no such
order shall be made unless the sheriff is satisfied that suitable
alternative accommodation on reasonable terms will be available
to the tenant.
PART III
40. Any application made to the sheriff under this Part of Procedure ; and
this Act shall be made by way of summary application and the application of
provisions of section 123(1) of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 s . 123(1) of
Rent
shall apply to any such application as they apply to an applica- ( Scotland)
tion made under any of the provisions referred to in subsection Act 1971.
( 3) of that section.
1971 с. 28.
41. Nothing in the Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 restricting the Certain
power of a court to make an order for possession of a dwelling- provisions of
house shall apply to any application made to the sheriff or to Rent
any order made by the sheriff under this Part of this Act. ( Scotland )
Act 1971 not
to apply.
42. Where, in relation to any application under this Part of Effect of
this Act, the sheriff refuses to make the order sought , that refusal to
refusal shall not affect the validity of any resolution passed bymake order on
validity of
the local authority under Part II of this Act or any rights or resolution.
obligations of the local authority under that Part or under any
other enactment relating to housing.
i
1362 c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART IV
Exclusion of
houses
controlled
by Crown.
Miscellaneous and General
43.-( 1) No notice of a final resolution within the meaning of
Part II of this Act may be served in respect of a house in
which there is a Crown interest except with the consent of the
appropriate authority and, where a notice of a final resolution
is served with the consent of the appropriate authority, Parts II
and III of this Act shall apply in relation to the house as it
applies in relation to a house in which there is no such interest.
( 2 ) If, after a notice of a final resolution as aforesaid has been
served in respect of any house in which there is a Crown
interest, the appropriate authority becomes the person having
control of the house, any such notice shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In this section, " Crown interest " means an interest belong-
ing to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or belonging to a govern-
ment department, or held in trust for Her Majesty for the pur-
poses of a government department, and " the appropriate
authority " , -
( a) in relation to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of
the Crown and forming part of the Crown Estate,
means the Crown Estate Commissioners, and, in rela-
tion to any other land belonging to Her Majesty in
right of the Crown, means the government department
having the management of that land ;
( b) in relation to land belonging to a government depart-
ment or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes
of a government department, means that department,
and if any question arises as to what authority is the appropriate
authority in relation to any land, that question shall be referred
to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final .
Power of
44.- ( 1) A local authority may by agreement with an owner
local
of a house at his expense execute, or arrange for the execution
authority
of any works of improvement to which Parts I and II of this
to arrange
for the
Act apply which the local authority and the owner agree are
execution of
necessary or desirable.
works of
improvement by agreement
( 2) After paragraph (a ) of section 58(1) of the Housing (Scot-
land) Act 1969 (powers of local authority to improve amenities
with the
of residential areas) there shall be inserted the following para-
owner.
graph-
1969 с. 34.
" (aa) with the agreement of the owner of any land, carry
out or arrange for the carrying out of works on that
land at his expense or at the expense of the local
authority or in part at the expense of both ; ".
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 c . 45
1363
45.-( 1 ) Section 49 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) PART IV
( Scotland ) Act 1968 ( power of local authorities to make Extension of
advances for the purpose of increasing housing accommodation) power of local
shall be amended in accordance with the provisions of this authorities to
section. make
advances.
(2) At the end of paragraph (d ) of subsection (1) there shall be 1968 c. 31 .
added the words66or
( e ) subject to subsection ( 2A ) below, facilitating the repay-
ment by means of the advance of the amount outstand-
ing on a previous loan made for any of the purposes
specified in paragraphs (a ) to (d ) above " .
(3) After subsection (2 ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
66 ( 2A ) An advance shall not be made for the purpose
specified in paragraph (e) of subsection ( 1) above unless the
local authority satisfy themselves that the primary effect
of the advance will be to meet the housing needs of the
applicant by enabling him either to retain an interest in the
house concerned or to carry out such works in relation to
that house as would be eligible for an advance by virtue of
paragraph (c) or paragraph (d ) of that subsection ".
( 4 ) In paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of that section, for the
words " may provide for repayment being made either by instal-
ments of principal or by an annuity of principal and interest
combined " there shall be substituted the words " shall provide
for repayment of the principal-
(i ) by instalments (of equal or unequal amounts) beginning
either on the date of the advance or at a later date, or
(ii) at the end of a fixed period (with or without a provision
allowing the local authority to extend that period) or
on the happening of a specified event before the end of
that period,
and for the payment of instalments of interest throughout the
period beginning on the date of the advance and ending when
the whole of the principal is repaid ".
( 5) At the end of the section there shall be added the following
subsection : -
" (5) If it appears to a local authority that the principal
effect of the making of an advance under subsection ( 1 )
above in respect of any premises would be to meet the
housing needs of the applicant, they may make the advance
notwithstanding that it is intended that some part of the
premises will be used or, as the case may be, will continue
to be used, otherwise than as a house, and accordingly
where, by virtue of this subsection, a local authority propose
to make an advance in respect of any premises, the premises
1364 c. 45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
PART IV
1969 с. 34.
1973 с. 56.
Rent income
subsidy.
1973 с. 9.
1972 с. 46.
Expenses.
Orders and
regulations.
shall be treated for the purposes of subsections ( 1) to (4)
above as, or as a building to be converted into, a house or
houses".
( 6 ) On the coming into operation of this section, no further
advances shall be made by local authorities in Scotland under
section 60 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 or section 38
of the Land Compensation ( Scotland) Act 1973 .
46.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secretary
of State may, for the year 1974-75 or any subsequent year out
of money provided by Parliament, pay to a local authority in
accordance with regulations made by him a subsidy ( " the rent
income subsidy ") which shall be credited to the housing revenue
account for the year in respect of which the payment falls to be
made.
( 2) Rent income subsidy may be so payable in circumstances
where, but for the making of any order under section 11 of the
Counter-Inflation Act 1973 preventing local authorities from
increasing standard rents in any year, the local authority, in order
to comply with the provisions of section 28 of the Act of 1972,
would have been required to increase standard rents in that
year.
( 3) Any question as to the amount of rent income subsidy
shall be determined by the Secretary of State.
( 4) Regulations under this section shall be made with the
consent of the Treasury.
(5 ) Expressions used in this section and in the Act of 1972
shall have the same meanings in this section as in that Act, and
in this section " the Act of 1972 " means the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972.
47. There shall be defrayed out of money provided by
Parliament-
( a) any sums required for the payment by the Secretary of
State of subsidies or Exchequer contributions under
this Act and any other expenses or outgoings of the
Secretary of State under this Act ;
(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of such money under any
other Act ;
and any sums received by the Secretary of State under this
Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
48.- ( 1) Any power of the Secretary of State to make an
order under any provision of this Act shall be exercisable by
statutory instrument.
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 с . 45
1365
( 2) An order made by the Secretary of State under any pro- vision of this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent
order made under that provision.
(3) A statutory instrument containing an order made under
any provision of this Act, other than an order mentioned in
paragraph (a) of the definition of " prescribed " in subsection (3)
of the next following section or section 12 of this Act, shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 4) Any regulations made by the Secretary of State under this
Act shall be made by statutory instrument which shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution by either House of
Parliament.
PART IV
49.-( 1) The following provision of the Housing (Scotland) Interpretation.
Act 1966 shall apply as if references therein to that Act included 1966 c. 49.
references to this Act, that is to say-
section 2 (power of local authority to appoint committee) ,
section 165 (power of local authority to issue local bonds),
sections 177 to 179 (special provisions as to land),
section 183 (except paragraph ( b) and paragraphs ( d ) to ( g)
of subsection ( 1) thereof ) (power of entry for survey
etc.) ,
section 184 (penalty for obstructing execution of Act),
section 188 (power of sheriff to authorise superior to
execute works etc.) ,
section 190(2) to (5) (procedure in appeals to sheriff) ,
section 191 (authentication of orders, etc., by local
authority ),
section 193 ( 1 ) (default of local authority),
sections 200 to 202 (provisions regarding exercise of func-
tions by Secretary of State),
section 203 (power of heir of entail to sell or feu land for
housing purposes) .
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, and except where the
context otherwise requires, the expressions used in this Act and
in the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 have the same meaning in
this Act as in that Act.
(3) In this Act-
" Exchequer contribution " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 67(2) of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) 1968 c. 31 .
( Scotland ) Act 1968 ;
" financial year " has the meaning assigned to it by section
67 (2 ) of the said Act of 1968 ;
1366 c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
PART IV
1970 с. 35.
1966 с. 49.
1971 с. 28.
" heritable security " means a heritable security within the
meaning of section 9(8)( a) of the Conveyancing and
Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 ;
" housing action area ود
means a housing action area within
the meaning of Part II of this Act ;
66
improvement " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1(3) of this Act ;
66
improvement grant " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 1 ( 1 ) of this Act ;
" loan charges " has the meaning assigned to it by section
67( 2) of the said Act of 1968 ;
66 owner " in Parts I and III of this Act, in relation to a
house, means the person who is for the time being
entitled to receive the rent of the house, or who, if
the house were let would be so entitled but in Part I
includes such a lessee as is mentioned in section 2(3)(a)
of this Act ; and in Parts II and IV has the same mean-
ing as in section 208(1) of the Housing (Scotland)
Act 1966 ;
" order for possession " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 133 ( 1 ) of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 ;
" prescribed " in relation to the provisions mentioned below
means
( a) in sections 5( 1) and (3), 7( 4) and 11 (9) pre-
scribed, with the consent of the Treasury, by order,
a draft of which has been approved by the Commons
House of Parliament and such an order shall not
specify a date earlier than the date of the laying
of the draft,
( b) in section 3(2) (c) (i) prescribed by order,
and in any other case section 197 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966 (power to prescribe forms, etc.)
shall apply to any matter requiring to be prescribed
by this Act as it applies to any such matter in the said
Act;
16
repairs grant " has the meaning assigned to it by section
11 (7) of this Act ;
66
standard amenities " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 7(3) of this Act ;
tenancy " includes a sub tenancy, a statutory tenancy
within the meaning of section 133(1) of the Rent
( Scotland) Act 1971 and a contract to which Part VII
of that Act applies and 66
tenant " shall be construed
accordingly ; and any reference to a tenancy of a house
or to the tenant thereof shall be construed as including
a reference to all the tenancies of that house or to all
the tenants thereof as the case may be ;
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c. 45
1367
" tolerable standard " has the meaning assigned to it by PART IV
section 14 of this Act.
( 4) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be
construed as referring to that enactment as amended by or
under any other enactment, including this Act.
50.- (1) Schedule 3 to this Act, which contains minor amend. Amendments,
transitional
ments and amendments consequential on the provisions of this provisions,
Act, shall have effect. savings and
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order make such incidental, repeal.
consequential, transitional or supplementary provision as may
appear to him to be necessary or proper in consequence of-
( a) the cessation by virtue of any provision of this Act of
any grant, subsidy or Exchequer contribution payable
under or by virtue of any enactment, and
( b) the coming into operation of any provision of this Act
under which a new grant, subsidy or Exchequer con-
tribution becomes payable,
and, subject to any provision made by an order under this
subsection, the transitional provisions and savings in Schedule
4 to this Act shall have effect.
(3) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
51.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Housing (Scotland) Act Short title,
1974. commence-
ment and
( 2) The Housing (Scotland ) Acts 1966 to 1973 and this Act extent.
may be cited together as the Housing (Scotland ) Acts 1966 to
1974.
( 3) Except in so far as any provision of this Act otherwise
provides, this Act shall come into operation on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint, and different days may be so appointed for different
provisions and for different purposes .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to any express saving contained in
Schedule 4 to this Act, an order under subsection (3) above
appointing a day for the coming into operation of any provision
of Schedule 5 to this Act may contain such savings with respect
to the operation of that provision as appear to the Secretary of
State to be appropriate.
( 5) This Act extends to Scotland only.
1368 c .45
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
Section 7.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
STANDARD AMENITIES
PART I
LIST OF AMENITIES AND MAXIMUM ELIGIBLE AMOUNTS
Description ofAmenity Maximum eligible
amount
£
Afixed bath or shower 100
... ...
A hot and cold water supply at a
fixed bath or shower 140... ... ...
Awash-hand basin 50
... ... ...
A hot and cold water supply at a
wash-hand basin 70
... ...
Asink... 100
Ahot and cold water supply at a sink 90
A water closet 150
... ... ... ...
PART II
LIMIT ON AMOUNT OF APPROVED EXPENSES FOR STANDARD
AMENITIES
1. Subject to paragraph 3 below, the total amount of approved
expense for the provision of standard amenities in respect of any
one application shall not exceed the sum of the amounts allowable
under the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule.
2. Subject to paragraph 4 below, for each of the standard amenities
provided there shall be allowed an amount of approved expense not
exceeding the maximum eligible amount specified for an amenity of
that description in the second column of Part I of this Schedule or
the amount substituted therefore under the following provisions of this
Part of this Schedule.
3. Subject to the provisions of section 5(1) of this Act, the
maximum eligible amounts specified in the second column of Part I
of this Schedule may be exceeded by such amount as the local
authority approve if the local authority are satisfied in any particular
case that an increased estimate for the works is justifiable.
4. An amount shall not be allowed for more than one amenity of
the same description ; and no amount shall be allowed for an
amenity of any description if at the time the works were begun the
house was provided with an amenity of that description, except
where the works involved interference with or replacement of that
amenity and the local authority are satisfied that it would not have
been reasonably practicable to avoid the interference or replacement.
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974 c. 45
1369
SCHEDULE 2
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH OF CONDITIONS UNDER SECTION 9
1. Subject to paragraphs 3 to 5 below, the local authority shall
forthwith demand the repayment to them by the owner for the time
being of the house of the whole amount of any sums paid by the
authority by way of improvement grant in respect of the expenses
incurred for the purpose of the execution of those works together
with interest thereon for the period from the date of payment of
the grant , or where the grant was paid in instalments, from the
date of payment of the final settlement of the balance by the
authority to the date of repayment to the authority.
2. If the local authority are satisfied that the breach of any
condition is capable of being remedied, they may, with the consent
of the Secretary of State and subject to such conditions (if any)
as he may approve, direct that the operation of section 9 of this Act
shall in relation to the breach be suspended for such period as
appears to them to be necessary for enabling the breach to be
remedied and if the breach is remedied within that period may direct
that the said provisions shall not have effect in relation to the
breach.
3. In the event of a breach of the condition referred to in section
9( 3) of this Act occurring, the local authority may-
(a ) if they consider that it would be reasonable for them to do
so decide not to recover the grant under paragraph 1 above
or;
(b) where they do not so consider, recover
(i ) under paragraph 1 above, the whole amount of any
sums paid by them by way of improvement grant, or
( ii) the appropriate amount of the grant which may
be outstanding, together with interest thereon for the
period from the date of payment of the grant or, where
the grant was paid in instalments from the date of
payment of the final settlement of the balance by the
authority to the date of repayment of the appropriate
amount to the authority ;
and in any such event the observance of the said condition shall
cease to be required.
4. If the local authority are satisfied that the breach although
not capable of being remedied was not due to the act , default or
connivance of the owner for the time being of the house, they may,
with the like consent and subject to such conditions as mentioned
in paragraph 2 above, direct that the said provisions shall not have
effect in relation to the breach.
5. Upon the satisfaction of a liability of an owner of a house to
make payment under paragraph 1 above to a local authority observ-
ance with respect to the house of the conditions specified in section
9 of this Act shall cease to be required.
6. On the application of the local authority, the sheriff within
whose jurisdiction is situated any house with respect to which the
conditions specified in section 9 of this Act are for the time being
required to be observed may, whether or not any other relief is
Section 9.
i
1370 с . 45
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974
SCH. 2
1969 с. 34.
1973 с. 65 .
Section 50.
1968 с. 31 .
1963 с. 51 .
claimed, grant an interdict restraining a breach of apprehended
breach in relation to the house of any of those conditions.
7. In any case where in pursuance of paragraphs 3 or 5 above,
observance of any conditions specified in section 9 of this Act
ceases to be required with respect to a house the local authority
shall cause to be recorded in the General Register of Sasines a notice
in the prescribed form stating that the said condition or conditions
no longer apply to the house and the cost of such recording shall be
repaid to the authority by the owner of the house.
8. In the event of a breach of any of the conditions specified in
section 9 of this Act at a time when they are required to be
observed with respect to a house it shall be competent for the local
authority to make a charging order in favour of themselves for the
amount that becomes payable to them by virtue of this Schedule in
consequence of such a breach, and the provisions of Schedule 2 to
the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 shall, subject to any necessary
modifications , apply to a charging order so made in like manner as
they apply to a charging order made under that Schedule.
9. In this Schedule, -
( a) " interest " means compound interest calculated at the rate
fixed under section 121( 2) of the Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 (rates of interest in relation to certain
sums due to local authorities) and with yearly rests ; and
( b ) " appropriate amount ", in relation to the recovery of a grant
means a part of that grant proportionate to the extent to
which the period during which the condition required by
section 9( 3) of this Act to be observed with respect to the
house remains unexpired at the date of the occurrence of
the breach.
SCHEDULE 3
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
GENERAL ADAPTATIONS
1. Any reference in any previous enactment to " standard
amenities " as set out in section 39 of the Housing ( Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 is a reference to the standard amenities
for the purposes of Part I of this Act as provided for in section 7
thereof .
2. Any reference in any previous enactment to "tolerable
standard " as defined in section 2 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act
1969 is a reference to the tolerable standard as defined in section 14
of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974.
SPECIFIC ADAPTATIONS
The Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1963
3. In Schedule 2, -
( a ) in paragraph 1( 2 ), for the words from " section 10(2) " to
" tolerable standard " there shall be substituted the words
" section 29(2) and (3) and section 30 of the Housing (Scot-
land) Act 1974 (which relate respectively to compensation
and payments in respect of certain well- maintained houses
under Part II of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ) shall
apply as if the house had been purchased under the said
Part II as not meeting the tolerable standard " ;
с .45
Housing (Scotland )Act 1974 1371
( b) in paragraph 1( 5 ), for " Section 2 of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1969 " there shall be substituted " Section 14 of the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ;
( c ) in paragraph 1( 6 ), for " Part I of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1969 relating to housing treatment areas ود
there shall
be substituted " Part II of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974
relating to housing action areas " ;
( d ) in paragraph 2 (1), for " section 10( 2) and (3) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969 " there shall be substituted " section 29
( 2 ) and ( 3) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ;
(e ) in paragraph 2( 3), for the reference to section 11 of the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 there shall be substituted a
reference to section 30 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 ;
( f ) paragraph 3(1) shall be amended by making the like amend-
ments as are specified in relation to paragraph 2(1) in sub-
paragraph (d ) above.
SCH. 3
The Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966
1966 с. 49.
4. In section 6(1), for " section 8 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1969 " there shall be substituted " section 26 of the Housing (Scot-
land ) Act 1974 " .
5. In section 19(6), for “ 13( b) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 32(b) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 "
and for " housing treatment area " there shall be substituted " housing
action area ".
6. In section 21, for the words from " to a fine " to the end of
the section there shall be substituted66
( i ) to a fine not exceeding £ 400, and in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction in respect of those premises or
any other premises to a fine not exceeding £ 400 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months or to
both such fine and such imprisonment ; and
(ii ) in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine of £5
for every day or part of a day on which he so uses those
premises, or permits them to be so used, after conviction ".
7. In section 23( 4), for " 13( b) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 32(b ) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act
."1974
8. In section 25(1), for " 2(1) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " section 14( 1) of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1974 ".
9. In section 137, for " 1( 3) of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 13( 3) of the Housing (Scotland) Act
."1974
10. In section 143(1), for the reference to section 156 of the Local 1947 c. 43.
Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947 there shall be substituted a refer-
ence to section 70 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1973 ; 1973 с. 65.
and the words from " ( notwithstanding " to the end of the subsection
shall be omitted.
1372 c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
SCH. 3
1967 с. 20.
1968 с. 31 .
1966 с. 49.
11. In section 160, -
( a ) in subsection (1), for " 7 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 26 of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1974 " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 4), for " Part I of the Housing (Scotland) Act
1969 " there shall be substituted " Part II of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 " .
12. In section 181( 4), for the words from " to a fine " to the end
of the subsection there shall be substituted "__
( a ) to a fine not exceeding £ 400, and in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction in respect of that building or
house or any other building or house to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months
or to both such fine and such imprisonment ; and
(b ) in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine of £5
for every day, or part of a day, on which the occupation
continues after conviction ".
13. In section 192( 4) ( b) and ( 6 ), after " 1969 " there shall be added
66
or the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ; and in subsection ( 7), after
1969 " there shall be added " or Part II of the Housing (Scotland )
Act 1974 ".
14. In section 208(1A ), for " 2 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1969 " there shall be substituted " 14 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1974".
The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1967
15. In section 18(1), for " 7 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 26 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " .
The Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968
16. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 17 to 23 of this
Schedule, any reference to a dwelling shall be construed as a reference
to a house within the meaning of section 208( 1) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1966.
17. In section 13, -
66
( a ) in subsection ( 1A) , for were submitted to him " there shall
be substituted " had been approved by him " ;
(b ) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection:
" (3) The Secretary of State shall also satisfy himself
that all houses, or all houses of a specified class, to
be provided or improved in accordance with any im-
provement proposals will conform with such requirements
with respect to their construction and physical condition,
and the provision of services and amenities, as may be
specified for the purposes of section 3(2)(a) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 by the Secretary of State :
Provided that if in relation to all or any of the said
houses or in relation to any specified class of houses
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974 c. 45
1373
the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the houses
or house or class of houses will conform with a particular
requirement so specified, he may, notwithstanding that
fact, approve the improvement proposals if he is satisfied
that , in all the circumstances of the case, conformity
with that requirement would not be practicable at a
reasonable expense. " ;
( c ) at the end there shall be inserted the following new
subsection: -
" ( 6 ) The provisions of this section shall apply to the Scottish
Special Housing Association as they apply to local authorities
and development corporations. "
18. In section 14, -
( a ) in subsection (1), for " three-eighths " there shall be sub-
stituted " 37.5 per cent " ; and after " such period " there
shall be inserted " being not less than ten years and " ; and
at the end there shall be inserted the words " as being
appropriate in the circumstances of any particular case " ;
( b ) in subsection (3), for the words from " unless the Secretary of
State " to the end there shall be substituted the words
"unless the case is of a class with respect to which the
Secretary of State on being satisfied that there is a good
reason for doing so has determined a higher amount or the
Secretary of State is satisfied that in the circumstances of
the particular case there is good reason for determining a
higher amount " ;
(c ) after subsection ( 3) there shall be inserted the following new
subsection : -
" (3A) Where improvement proposals relate to a hous-
ing action area within the meaning of Part II of the
Housing (Scotland) Act 1974, subsection (1) above shall
have effect as if for the words '37.5 per cent ' there were
substituted the words '75 per cent ' " ;
(d ) in subsection (5 ), for " a longer " there shall be substituted
" 334 per cent " ;
(e ) in subsection (5 ), for " a longer " there shall be substituted
" an other " ; and for " that longer " there shall be
substituted " that other ".
19. For section 18(2), there shall be substituted the following : -
" ( 2) In sections 13 to 15 of this Act " improvement " has
the same meaning as in section 1 of the Housing (Scotland )
Act 1974 with the omission of the words " in the opinion of
the local authority paying the grant ".
20. In section 53,
(a ) in subsection (1), for " this Part of this Act " there shall be
substituted " Part I of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 " ;
for " standard grants " there shall be substituted " repairs
grants within the meaning of Part I of the Housing ( Scot-
66
land ) Act 1974 " ; and the words from or, as the case
may be " to " standard amenities " shall be omitted :
SCH. 3
1374 1947 с. 43.
1973 с. 65.
1969 с. 34.
c. 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
SCH. 3
( b) in subsection ( 3) for " standard grant " where first occurring
there shall be substituted " repairs grant within the meaning
of Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ; and for
" standard grant " where secondly occurring there shall be
substituted " repairs grant " ;
66
( c ) in subsection ( 4), for " section 30 " to thereof ) " there
shall be substituted " section 9 of the Housing ( Scotland)
"
Act 1974 " ; and for ( being improvement works " to
" standard amenities ") there shall be inserted " ( being im-
provement works within the meaning of section 1 of the
said Act of 1974) " ; and for " standard grant " there shall
be substituted " repairs grant " ;
( d ) subsection ( 5 ) shall be amended by making the like
amendments as are specified in relation to section 53(4)
of that Act in sub-paragraph ( c) above.
21. In section 58( 3)( a ), after " 1969 " there shall be inserted " or
the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
22. In section 64,
( a ) in paragraph (b), the words " 27 to 31, 34 to 38 " shall be
omitted ;
( b ) for paragraph ( c) there shall be substituted-
" (c) section 58 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 ; " ;
(c ) after paragraph ( c ) there shall be added the following new
paragraph:
"(d ) the provisions of Parts I and II of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974." .
23. In section 67( 2 ), in the definition of " financial year " for the
reference to section 174 of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act
1947 there shall be substituted a reference to section 96(5 ) of the
Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ; and the definition of " High-
lands and Islands " shall be omitted.
24. In Schedule 5, at the end there shall be inserted " The Housing
( Scotland) Act 1974 (1974 c. 45) Part I ".
25. In Schedule 6 after " The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 ( 1969
c. 34 ) Section 59 " there shall be inserted " the Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1974 (1974 c. 45) Part I."
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969
26. In section 18(1) , for " 7 of this Act " there shall be substituted
" 26 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974 ".
27. Section 19 shall be amended by making the like amendment
as made to section 18(1) in paragraph 26 above.
28. In section 20( 1), for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the
following new paragraph: -
" ( b) if the house was comprised in an area declared by a final
resolution passed under Part II of the Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1974 to be a housing action area, the date when notice
of that resolution was published and served in accordance
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 c.45
1375
with the provisions of section 20 of that Act, and the
SCH. 3
authority by whom the resolution was passed ; ".
29. In section 20( 2 ), in the definition of " restricted value ", for
" 10(2 ) and (3) of this Act " there shall be substituted " 29( 2) and (3)
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 " .
30. In section 21(1) and (4), for " 11 of this Act " there shall be
substituted " 30 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 " .
31. In section 59,
( a ) in subsection (1), after " works " first occurring there shall
be inserted ", whether in pursuance of arrangements made
or otherwise " ; and the words from " made" to the end
shall be omitted ;
( b ) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following new
subsection : -
" (1A ) The approval of the Secretary of State under
subsection ( 1) above shall not be given if the works have
been begun, unless he is satisfied that there were good
reasons for beginning the works before the application
had been approved by him. " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 2)(a), after " works ", where that word
secondly occurs, there shall be inserted " whether in pur-
suance of arrangements made or otherwise " ;
( d ) after subsection ( 5 ), there shall be inserted the following
new subsection:-
"( 5A ) Without prejudice to subsection (5 ) above, the
Secretary of State may direct that in the case of a class
or classes of predominantly residential areas or in the
case of a particular predominantly residential area sub-
section ( 4 ) above shall have effect as if for the amount
of £200 mentioned in that subsection as amended, or
such other amount as may be substituted for that amount
under subsection (5 ) above, there were substituted a
greater amount. " ;
( e) in subsection ( 6 ), for " an amount of borrowed money equal
to the amount of the exchequer contribution " there shall
be substituted a loan of that amount " ;66
( f ) in subsection ( 8), at the end there shall be added: -
' and " housing association " means a registered housing
association within the meaning of the Housing Act 1974 c. 44.
1974 '.
32. After section 59 there shall be inserted the following new
section :-
" Application of sections
59A. Sections 58 and 59 of this Act shall apply to
the Scottish Special Housing Association and to develop-
58 and 59
tothe
ment corporations as they apply to local authorities,
Scottish
subject to the following modifications : -
Special
( a ) as respects the Scottish Special Housing
Housing Association
Association-
and to
(i ) subsection (1) of section 58, in so far
development corporations.
as it confers a power of compulsory pur-
chase and a power to assist by way of
1376 с.45
Housing ( Scotland )Act 1974
SCH. 3
1969 с. 48.
1971 с. 28.
1972 с. 46.
grants or loans , and subsection (7) of section
59 shall not apply ;
(ii ) in subsection ( 1) of section 58, " district "
shall mean a district in which the Scottish
Special Housing Association have an interest
as owners of land ;
(b) as respects development corporations, subsection
(1) of section 58, in so far as it confers a
power of compulsory purchase, shall not apply ;
and " district " shall mean the designated area
of a development corporation. "
The Post Office Act 1969
33. In Schedule 4,
( a ) in paragraph 83(1), for " I of the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1969 " there shall be substituted " II of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ,
( b) in paragraph 83( 2), for " 14 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act
1969 " there shall be substituted " 33 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ,
( c ) in paragraph 83( 3), for " 14( 4 ) of the Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1969 " there shall be substituted " 33( 4) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
The Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971
34. Section 16 shall cease to have effect.
35. In section 24(1), after " 1968 " there shall be inserted " or
under Part I of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1974 " ; and subsection
( 4 )( a)(ii) and ( iii ) shall be omitted.
36. In section 29, paragraphs ( a )(ii) and (iii) shall be omitted.
37. In section 71( 2), for " Part II of the Act of 1968 " there shall
be substituted " Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
"
38. In section 79, after " 1968 " there shall be inserted orPart
I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
39. In section 80,
( a ) in subsection (2 )(b) , after " 1968 " there shall be inserted " or
Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
( b ) in subsection ( 3), at the end there shall be inserted " or
section 4(2) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
40. In Schedule 13, in paragraphs 1(b) and 8( b), after " 1968 "
there shall be inserted " or Part I of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act
1974".
The Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
41. In section 12-
( a ) in paragraph ( d ), the words from " in accordance " to the
end of the paragraph shall be omitted ;
( b) inhead (ii ), for " 16 " there shall be substituted " 14" ;
( c ) in head (iii), the words " 7(b) " shall be omitted .
c . 45
Housing (Scotland) Act 1974 1377
42. In section 23( 1)(e), for the reference to a housing treatment
area there shall be substituted a reference to a housing action area
within the meaning of Part II of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ;
for " section 5 of the Act of 1969 " there shall be substituted " Part
II of the said Act of 1974 " ; and for the reference to the tolerable
standard there shall be substituted a reference to the standard specified
under section 16 ( 3) or by virtue of section 17 ( 3) of the Housing
(Scotland ) Act 1974.
43. In section 44(1), after " 1968 " there shall be inserted " or Part
I of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1974 " .
44. In Schedule 4, after paragraph 1(1)( c)(iii) there shall be
inserted-
" (iv ) the rent income subsidy payable under section 46 of the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 ; ".
45. In Schedule 6, in paragraph 13, at the end there shall be
inserted" or Part I of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
46. In Schedule 9, paragraphs 17 to 19 and 21 shall be omitted.
The Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 47. In section 186, for " 7 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1969 "
there shall be substituted " 26 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 " ;
and for " 10( 2 ) and ( 3) of the said Act of 1969 " there shall be sub-
stituted " 29(2) and ( 3) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 ".
The Land Compensation (Scotland ) Act 1973
48. In section 27( 7 ), in paragraph (b) the word " or " shall be
omitted ; and after paragraph ( c ) there shall be inserted the following
new paragraph : -
66or
( d ) a final resolution under Part II of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1974".
49. In section 34 (2), for the reference to section 10 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969 there shall be substituted a reference to section
29 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974.
50. In section 38( 6 ), for " Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 by section
2" there shall be substituted " Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974 by
section 14"
51. In section 69, -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the references to a housing treatment
area there shall be substituted references to a housing
action area.
( b ) in subsection (1)(a), for the words from " section 4" to
the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the
words " section 15 or 17 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act
1974 or under section 16 of that Act in relation to houses
or parts of buildings which have been identified in accord-
ance with section 18( 4)( c) of that Act. "
(c ) in subsection ( 1)(b), for the words from " treatment area "
to the end there shall be substituted the words " whether
Part II 0
SCH. 3
1972 с. 52.
1973 с. 56.
1378 c . 45
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1974
SCH. 3
Section 50.
1969 с. 34.
1968 с. 31 .
or not the resolution identifies any of the buildings in
accordance with section 18(4)(a) " .
( d ) in subsection ( 3), for " section 5 of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1969 " there shall be substituted " Part II of the Hous-
ing (Scotland) Act 1974 " .
SCHEDULE 4
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
Transitional provisions
1. Subject to the provisions of paragraphs 2 and 3 below, the
repeal of sections 1 to 16 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1969 by
this Act shall not affect a resolution passed in pursuance of section
4(2)(a), (b) or (c ) of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1969 or a
compulsory purchase order authorised under section 7 of that Act
before the appointed day for the coming into force of those repeals ;
and any such resolution or compulsory purchase order may be
proceeded with in accordance with the provisions of that Act as if
this Act had not been passed.
2. Where before the relevant appointed day for this Act a resolu-
tion has been passed under section 4( 2)(b) or (c) of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1969, the provisions of section 11 of this Act may,
with the consent of the Secretary of State, apply to the area defined
in the resolution as though the area were a housing action area for
improvement or for demolition and improvement under Part II of
this Act but the maximum standard to which the local authority may
secure improvement in the area shall be the tolerable standard
within the meaning of section 14 of this Act.
3. Nothing in this Act shall preclude the making of
a compulsory purchase order made under section 7 of the Housing
(Scotland ) Act 1969 in pursuance of a resolution made under
section 4 of that Act before the relevant appointed day ; and any
such order may be proceeded with in accordance with the provisions
of that Act as if this Act had not been passed.
Savings
4 .- (1) The amendments made to section 13 of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 by this Act shall not
have effect in any case where improvement proposals have been
approved and the work has been begun before the appointed
day for those amendments, but the said section in relation to such
proposals as aforesaid shall have effect as if this Act had not been
passed .
( 2) Where the Secretary of State has approved an improvement
proposal but the work has not been begun before the appointed
day, the work may thereafter be begun and the said section shall
have effect as in the foregoing subparagraph.
( 3) Where the Secretary of State has approved improvement
proposals but he is satisfied that the work has not been begun before
the appointed day, he shall allow the proposals to be withdrawn
and new proposals to be submitted for approval under the said section
as amended by this Act.
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1974 с. 45
1379
5.- (1) Where an application has been approved under Part II
of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1968 and the
work has been begun before the appointed day for the coming
into force of the repeal of the relevant provisions of the said Part II,
the provisions of that Part shall have effect in relation to that
application as if this Act had not been passed.
( 2) Where the local authority have approved an application under
the said Part II but the work has not been begun before the
appointed day, the work may thereafter be begun, and the said
Part II shall have effect as in the foregoing sub-paragraph.
( 3) Where an application has been approved by the local authority
under the said Part II and the local authority are satisfied that the
work has not been begun, the applicant may withdraw that applica-
tion and submit a new application under Part I of this Act.
Chapter
1966 с. 49.
1968 с. 31 .
1969 с. 34.
1971 с. 28. 1972 с. 46. 1973 с. 56.
1973 с. 65.
SCHEDULE 5
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Housing (Scotland) In section 143(1), the words
Act1966.
from " notwithstanding " to
the end of the subsection.
The Housing (Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland )
Act 1968.
Sections 27 to 43.
In section 53(1 ), the words
from 66
or as the case may
be " to " standard amenities " .
Section 54.
Section 56.
In section 64( b), the words
" 27 to 31 , 34 to 38 ".
In section 67( 2), the definition
“Highlands and Islands ".
Schedule 3.
The Housing ( Scotland ) Sections 1 to 16.
Act 1969 . Sections 33 to 43.
Section 60.
In Schedule 6, paragraphs 35
to 38.
The Rent ( Scotland ) Act Section 16.
1971. Section 24(4)(a)(ii ) and (iii).
Section 29( a)(ii) and (iii).
The Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) In section 12, in paragraph ( d )
the words from " in accord-
Act 1972."
ance to the end of the
paragraph ; and, in head (iii),
the words " ( 7)(b) " .
In Schedule 9, paragraphs 17
to 19 and 21 .
The Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
The Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973 . In section 27( 7) , in paragraph
( b ), the word " or " .
In section 121 (1 ), the references
to sections 29( 3) and 31( 4) of
the Housing (Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 .
02
SCH. 4
Section 50.
c .46 1381
ELIZABETH II
OPEN
DIEUETMON DROIT
Friendly Societies Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 46
An Act to consolidate the Friendly Societies Acts 1896
to 1971 and certain other enactments relating to the
societies to which those Acts apply with amendments
to give effect to recommendations of the Law Com-
mission and the Scottish Law Commission.
[31st July 1974]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
The Registry of Friendly Societies
1.-( 1) There shall continue to be a Chief Registrar of friendly The Registry
societies (in this Act called " the Chief Registrar ") and one Office.
or more assistant registrars of friendly societies for the central
registration area.
(2) The Chief Registrar and assistant registrars of friendly
societies for the central registration area shall constitute the
central office of the registry of friendly societies.
(3) There shall continue to be an assistant registrar of friendly
societies for Scotland (in this Act called the " assistant registrar
for Scotland ") .
(4) The central office may, with the approval of the Minister
for the Civil Service, have attached to it such assistants skilled in
the business of an actuary and an accountant as may be required
for discharging the duties imposed on the office by this Act.
2 .-( 1) The Chief Registrar shall be a barrister of not less Terms of
than twelve years' standing or a person who has held the office office,
of assistant registrar for not less than five years . qualifications
and status of
(2) One at least of the assistant registrars of friendly societies Chief and
for the central registration area shall be a barrister or solicitor assistant
of not less than seven years' standing. registrars .
03
c . 46
1382 Friendly Societies Act 1974
(3) The assistant registrar for Scotland shall be an advocate,
writer to the signet or solicitor of not less than seven years'
standing.
( 4) The Chief and every assistant registrar shall be appointed
by, and shall hold his office during the pleasure of, the Treasury.
( 5) Except in so far as this Act otherwise provides, the
assistant registrars shall be subordinate to the Chief Registrar.
Salaries and
expenses.
3. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament-
( a) to the Chief and assistant registrars such salaries or other
remunerations as the Minister for the Civil Service may
allow ; and
(b) any expenses which may be incurred for carrying out
the purposes of this Act.
Registration
areas and
functions of
assistant
registrars in
those areas.
4.- ( 1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be two
registration areas, that is to say, -
(a ) the area consisting of England and Wales, the Channel
Islands and the Isle of Man ; and
(b) Scotland.
(2) Any reference in this Act to the central registration area
is a reference to the area specified in subsection ( 1)(a) above.
(3) Within the registration areas for which they are respec-
tively appointed, the assistant registrars shall exercise all func-
tions and powers given by this Act to the registrar and may
also, by the written authority of the Chief Registrar, exercise
such of the functions and powers given by this Act to the Chief
Registrar as he may delegate to them.
Particular
functions of
assistant
registrar for
Scotland.
5.- ( 1 ) Subject to any Treasury regulations, the assistant
registrar for Scotland shall-
(a) send to the central office copies of all such documents
registered or recorded by him as the Chief Registrar
may direct ; and
(b) record such documents and matters as may be sent
to him for record from the central office and such
other documents and matters as are in this Act required
to be recorded ; and
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1383
( c) circulate and publish, or transmit to or from societies
registered in Scotland from or to the central office,
such information and documents relating to the pur-
poses of this Act as the Chief Registrar may, with the
approval of the Treasury, direct ; and
(d ) report his proceedings to the Chief Registrar as he may
direct.
( 2) The assistant registrar for Scotland shall not refuse to
record any rules or amendments of rules which have been regis-
tered by the central office.
6.-( 1 ) The Chief Registrar shall every year make a report- Report of the
(a) of his proceedings and of those of the assistant regis- Chief Registrar
and publica-
trars ;
tion of
( b ) of the principal matters transacted by him and them ;
information
relating
and
to friendly
( c) of the valuations returned to the registrar during the societies .
year preceding ;
and that report shall be laid before Parliament.
(2) The central office shall, with the approval of the Treasury,
collect from the returns under this Act and from other sources
and publish and circulate, either generally or in any particular
district, or otherwise make known, such information on the
subject of statistics of life and sickness and the application
thereof to the business of friendly societies, such particulars
of their returns and valuations and such other information useful
to the members of, or to persons interested in, societies registered
or capable of being registered under this Act, as the Chief
Registrar may think fit.
Registration of societies and branches
7.- (1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and (3) below and also to Societies
section 9 below, the following societies may be registered under which may be
this Act, that is to say, - registered.
(a ) societies (in this Act called " friendly societies ") for
the purpose of providing by voluntary subscriptions
of the members, with or without the aid of donations,
for any of the purposes specified in Schedule 1 of this
Act;
(b) societies ( in this Act called " cattle insurance societies ")
for the purpose of insurance to any amount against
loss of cattle, sheep, lambs, swine, horses, and other
animals by death from disease or otherwise ;
04
c . 46
1384 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( c) societies (in this Act called " benevolent societies ") for
any benevolent or charitable purpose ;
( d ) societies (in this Act called " working men's clubs ")
for purposes of social intercourse, mutual helpfulness ,
mental and moral improvement and rational re-
creation ;
( e) societies ( in this Act called " old people's home
societies ") for the purpose of providing homes for the
members and others at any age after fifty ;
( f ) societies ( in this Act called " specially authorised
societies " ) for any purpose which the Treasury may
authorise as a purpose to which the provisions of this
Act, or such of them as are specified in the authority,
ought to be extended.
( 2) A society may not be registered under this Act unless-
( a) the rules of the society contain provisions in respect of
the several matters mentioned in Part I of Schedule 2 to
this Act and, in the case of a friendly society or cattle
insurance society, also contain provisions in respect
of the several matters mentioned in Part II of that
Schedule ; and
( b) the place which under the society's rules is to be the
society's registered office is situated in the central
registration area or in Scotland ; and
( c ) the society consists of at least seven persons .
(3) A friendly society or branch thereof may not be registered
under this Act if it contracts with any person for the assurance
of an annuity or of a gross sum in excess of the limits in section
64 below.
( 4 ) Where any provisions of this Act are specified in an
authority given under paragraph ( f ) of subsection (1) above,
those provisions only shall extend to a society which has been
registered as a specially authorised society by virtue of that
authority.
Registration of 8.-(1) An application to register a society under this Act
societies.
shall be signed by seven members and the secretary of the society
and shall be sent to the registrar.
( 2) Together with an application under subsection (1) above
there shall be sent copies of the rules of the society and a list
of the names of the secretary and of every trustee or other
officer intended to be authorised to sue and be sued on behalf
of the society.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1385
( 3) A society shall not be registered under a name identical
with that under which any other existing society is registered, or
so nearly resembling that name as to be likely, or in any name
likely, in the opinion of the registrar, to deceive the members
or the public as to its nature or its identity or in any name which
in his opinion is otherwise undesirable.
9.- (1) A society which is neither a benevolent society nor Special
a working men's club shall not be disentitled to registration provisions as
by reason of any rule for, or practice of, dividing any part of to dividing
the funds thereof, if the rules of the society contain distinct societies and
societies
provision for meeting all claims upon the society existing at the assuring
time of the division before any such division takes place. annuities.
(2) A society assuring a certain annuity shall not be entitled
to registration unless the tables of contribution for the assur-
ance, certified by a qualified actuary, are sent to the registrar
with the application for registration.
( 3) In this Act " qualified actuary " means an actuary having
such qualifications as the Chief Registrar may prescribe by
regulations made under this section .
10.-(1 ) Subsection ( 2) below shall have effect where a regis- Societies
tered society whose registered office is situated in one of the registered in
registration areas for the purposes of this Act carries on, or one registration
intends to carry on, business in the other of those areas. area carrying,
onbusiness ,
( 2 ) The society shall not be entitled in that other area to any in another.
of the privileges of this Act as a registered society until a copy
of the registered rules of the society has been sent by the society
to, and those rules have been recorded by, the registrar for that
other registration area ; and any registered amendment of the
rules so recorded shall not have effect in that other area until
a copy of that amendment has been so sent and the amendment
so recorded.
11.-( 1 ) Where a society has branches, the application for Additional
registration shall be accompanied by- requirements for registration
( a ) a list of all the branches and notice of the place where ofsocieties
the registered office of each branch, to which all with branches.
communications and notices may be addressed, is to be
situated ;
( b) if any branch is to have trustees or officers authorised
to sue and be sued on its behalf, other than the trustees
or officers authorised to sue and be sued on behalf
of the society, a list of the names of all such trustees
or officers, distinguishing the branches for which they
are authorised to sue and be sued ; and
( c ) two copies of all branch rules.
$ 1386 c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974
Establishment
ofnew
branches.
Registration
of branches
as societies .
Name of
seceding or
expelled
branch.
Acknowledg-
ment of
registration.
( 2) A society having a fund under the control of a central
body to which every branch is bound to contribute may be regis-
tered as a single society, and where any such society has branches
in more than one registration area, section 10 above shall apply
to that society.
12.-( 1 ) There shall be sent to the registrar, under the hand
of the secretary of a registered society, -
( a) notice of the establishment of every new branch of the
society ;
( b) notice of the place where the registered office of the
branch, to which all communications and notices may
be addressed, is to be situated ;
(c ) if the branch is to have trustees or officers authorised
to sue and be sued on its behalf, other than the trustees
or officers authorised to sue and be sued on behalf of
the society, a list of the names of those trustees or
officers ; and
( d ) two copies of the rules of the branch.
( 2) A society shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of
this Act as a registered society with respect to a branch
until the branch has been registered in the registration area
in which the registered office of the branch is to be situated.
13.-( 1 ) A body which has been registered as a branch of
a society shall not be registered as a society except on produc-
tion to the registrar of a certificate, under the hand of the
chief secretary or other principal officer of the society of which
it was a branch, that the body has wholly seceded or has been
expelled from the society.
( 2) If the chief secretary or other principal officer of a
society-
(a) refuses to grant a certificate under this section, or
(b ) fails to do so within three months from the receipt of
a request in writing made on behalf of the body in
question,
an appeal shall lie to the High Court or, in Scotland, to the
Court of Session .
14. A body which, having been a branch of a society, has
wholly seceded or been expelled from that society, shall not
thereafter use the name of that society or any name implying
that it is a branch thereof, or the number by which it was
designated as such a branch.
15.-( 1 ) On being satisfied that a society or branch has
complied with the provisions of this Act as to registration,
the registrar shall issue to that society or branch an acknowledg-
ment of registration which, in the case of a society, shall specify
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1387
the designation thereof according to the classification in section
7above.
( 2) An acknowledgment under subsection (1 ) above shall
be conclusive evidence that the society or branch therein men-
tioned is duly registered under this Act, unless it is proved
that the registration of the society or, in the case of a branch,
the society of which it is a branch, has been suspended or
cancelled.
16.- ( 1 ) Appeals shall lie from a refusal to register a society Appeals from
or branch as follows : -
refusal to
register.
(a ) if the central office refuse to register a society or branch,
the society or branch may appeal to the High Court ;
and
(b) if the assistant registrar for Scotland refuses to register
a society or branch, the society or branch may appeal
to the Chief Registrar and, if he refuses, to the Court
of Session.
( 2) If a refusal to register a society or branch is overruled on
appeal, the registrar shall give an acknowledgment of registra-
tion under section 15 above to the society or branch.
Provisions as to rules
17. An acknowledgment of the registration of a society or Acknowledg-
branch under section 15 above shall also constitute an acknow- ment of
ledgment, and be conclusive evidence, of the registration of the registration
ofrules.
rules of the society or branch in force at the date of the registra-
tion of the society or branch.
18.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, any amendment of Registration
the rules of a society or branch as for the time being registered of amendments
under this Act shall not be valid until the amendment has been of rules of
so registered, and for this purpose copies of the amendment, society or
branch.signed by three members and the secretary of the society or
of the branch, as the case may be, shall be sent to the registrar.
(2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to a change in the
situation of the registered office of a society or branch, but-
( a) notice of any change in the situation of the registered
office of a society or branch shall be sent to the
registrar and, in the case of a change in the situation
of the registered office of a branch, shall be sent to the
registrar through an officer appointed in that behalf by
the society of which the branch forms part ; and
c . 46
1388 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( b) where notice of such a change is sent to the registrar
under paragraph (a ) above, he shall register it as an
amendment of the rules of the society or branch
concerned.
Acknowledg-
19. On being satisfied that any amendment of the registered
ment of
rules of a society or branch is not contrary to the provisions of
registration of this Act, the registrar shall issue to the society or branch, in
amendments
of rules.
respect of that amendment, an acknowledgment of registration
which shall be conclusive evidence that the amendment is duly
registered.
Appeals from
refusal to
register
amendment
of rule.
Duty to supply copies
ofrules.
Rules of
certain
registered
societies to
bind members
at law.
20.-(1 ) Appeals shall lie from a refusal to register an amend-
ment of a rule of a registered society or branch as follows : -
( a) if the central office refuse to register the amendment,
the society or branch may appeal to the High Court ;
and
( b) if the assistant registrar for Scotland refuses to register
the amendment, the society or branch may appeal to
the Chief Registrar and, if he refuses, to the Court of
Session.
( 2) If a refusal to register an amendment of a rule is over-
ruled on appeal, the registrar shall give an acknowledgment of
registration under section 19 above to the society or branch.
21. Every registered society or branch shall deliver to any
person on demand, on payment of a sum not exceeding 10p, a
copy of the rules of the society or branch.
22.-( 1 ) The rules of-
( a) a registered cattle insurance society or branch, and
( b) such specially authorised societies or branches thereof
as the Treasury may allow to take the benefit of this
section,
shall bind the society or branch and the members thereof, and
all persons claiming through them, to the same extent as if
each member had subscribed his name and affixed his seal
thereto, and as if there were contained in the rules a covenant
on the part of himself and his executors or administrators to
conform to the rules subject to the provisions of this Act.
( 2 ) All sums of money payable by a member to a society or
branch falling within subsection ( 1 ) above shall be deemed
to be a debt due from the member to the society or branch and
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1389
shall be recoverable as such in the county court for the district
in which the member resides .
( 3) In the application of this section to Scotland, in sub-
section ( 1 ) the words " and affixed his seal " shall be omitted,
and in subsection ( 2) for the words " in the county court for
the district " there shall be substituted the words " before the
sheriff of the sheriffdom ".
23.-(1 ) The rules of a registered society or branch may Special
provide for the reinsurance, to such extent as may from time to provisions
time be approved by a qualified actuary , of risks of any class which may
be included
against which persons are, or are to be, insured by that society inrules .
orbranch.
( 2 ) The rules of a registered society which is a specially
authorised society complying with the provisions of sub-
section (3) below may provide that it may receive deposits and
borrow money at interest from its members or from other
persons, and upon the registration of such a rule the same
shall be valid.
(3) A specially authorised society complies with the pro-
visions of this subsection if it has for its object the creation
of funds to be lent out to the members of the society or for
their benefit, and has in its rules provisions—
( a ) that no part of its funds shall be divided by way of
profit, bonus, dividend or otherwise among its
members ; and
( b) that all money lent to members shall be applied to
such purpose as the society or its committee may
approve.
Trustees and Officers
24.-( 1 ) Every registered society and branch shall have one Trustees of
or more trustees. registered
societies and
( 2) The trustees shall be appointed at a meeting of the society branches.
or branch and by a resolution of a majority of the members
present and entitled to vote at that meeting.
( 3) The society or branch shall send to the registrar a copy
of every resolution appointing a trustee, signed by the trustee
so appointed and by the secretary of the society or branch.
( 4 ) In the case of the appointment of a trustee of a branch,
the copy of the resolution referred to in subsection (3) above
shall be sent to the registrar through an officer appointed in
that behalf by the society of which the branch forms part.
(5) The same person may not be secretary or treasurer of a
registered society or branch and also a trustee of that society
orbranch.
c .46
1390 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Minors not to
hold office.
25. A minor shall not be a member of the committee, or
a trustee, manager or treasurer, of a registered society or branch.
Proof of
appointment ofofficers
and trustees.
26. If any such list as is referred to in section 8(2) , section
11( 1)(b) or section 12( 1)(c) above is signed by every trustee and
other officer named in the list, and in the case of the list referred
to in section 8(2) by the secretary of the society, and in the case
of the list referred to in section 11 ( 1 )(b) or 12( 1 ) (c) by the secre-
tary of the branch, then on the registration of the society or
branch the list shall be evidence that the persons named in the
list have been duly appointed.
Certain 27.- ( 1 ) If the rules of a registered society or branch so
officers to give require, then before taking upon himself the execution of his
security.
office, every officer of the registered society or branch having the
receipt or charge of money shall give security in accordance
with subsection (2 ) below, in such sum as the society or branch
directs , conditioned for his rendering a just and true account
of all sums of money received and paid by him on account
of the society or branch at such times as its rules appoint, or
as the society or branch or the trustees or committee thereof
require him to do, and for the payment by him of all sums
due from him to the society or branch.
(2) Where an officer of a registered society is required to
give security in accordance with subsection ( 1) above, he shall
do so either-
( a ) by becoming bound with one sufficient surety at the
least in a bond in that one of the forms set out in
Schedule 3 to this Act which is appropriate ; or
(b) by giving the security of a guarantee society.
(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the
reference in subsection (2 ) (a) above to a surety there shall be
substituted a reference to a cautioner.
Duty of officers of
registered
societies and
branches to
account.
28.-( 1 ) Every officer of a registered society or branch having
the receipt or charge of money shall-
(a ) at such times as he is required to do so by the rules
of the society or branch, or
(b) on demand, or
(c) on notice in writing requiring him to do so given or
left at his last or usual place of residence,
render an account as may be required by the society or branch,
or by the trustees or committee of the society or branch, to be
с .46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1391
examined and allowed or disallowed by them and shall, on
demand or on notice as in paragraph (c ) above, pay over all
sums of money and deliver all property in his hands or custody
to such person as the society or branch, or the committee or
the trustees , may appoint.
( 2) In case of any neglect or refusal to deliver the account
or to pay over the sums of money or to deliver the property in
accordance with subsection ( 1) above, the trustees or authorised
officers of the society or branch-
( a) may sue upon any bond or security given under section
27 above ; or
(b) may apply to the county court or to a magistrates' court
and, notwithstanding anything in section 108 of the
County Courts Act 1959 (appeals on questions of law, 1959 с. 22.
etc.), the order of the county court or magistrates' court
shall be final and conclusive.
( 3) In its application to Scotland, this section shall have effect
as if, for subsection (2) (b) above, there were substituted the
following: -
“ (b) may apply to the sheriff and, notwithstanding any-
thing in section 62 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scot- 1954 c. 48.
land) Act 1954, the order of the sheriff shall be final
and conclusive." .
Accounts, audit and auditors
29.-( 1 ) Every registered society and branch shall-
Books of
account, etc.( a) cause to be kept proper books of account with respect
to its transactions and its assets and liabilities, and
(b) establish and maintain a satisfactory system of control
of its books of account, its cash holdings and all its
receipts and remittances .
( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) (a) above, proper books
of account shall not be taken to be kept with respect to the
matters mentioned in that paragraph unless there are kept
such books as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the
state of the affairs of the society or branch and to explain its
transactions.
( 3) Any book of account to be kept by a registered society
or branch may be kept either by making entries in bound books
or by recording the matters in question in any other manner.
( 4) Where any such book of account is not kept by making
entries in a bound book but by some other means, the society or
branch shall take adequate precautions for guarding against
falsification and for facilitating its discovery.
c . 46
1392 Friendly Societies Act 1974
General
provisions as
to accounts
and balance
sheets.
30.-( 1) Every revenue account of a registered society or
branch shall give a true and fair view-
( a) if it deals with the affairs of the society or branch as a
whole, of the income and expenditure of the society
or branch as a whole for the period to which the
account relates ; and
(b) if it deals with a particular business conducted by the
society or branch, of the income and expenditure of
the society or branch in respect of that business for
the period to which the account relates.
(2) Every registered society or branch shall, in respect of
each year of account, cause to be prepared either-
(a) a revenue account which deals with the affairs of the
society or branch as a whole for that year ; or
( b) two or more revenue accounts for that year which
deal separately with the particular businesses conducted
by the society or branch.
( 3) In a case falling within subsection (2)(b) above, without
prejudice to the application of subsection ( 1)(b) above to each
revenue account dealing with a particular business conducted
by a society or branch, the revenue accounts in question, when
considered together, shall give a true and fair view of the
income and expenditure of the society or branch as a whole
for the year of account to which they relate.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5) below, every balance sheet of
a registered society or branch shall give a true and fair view,
as at the date of the balance sheet, of the state of the affairs
of the society or branch.
(5 ) Subsection (4 ) above does not apply in the case of-
(a) a registered friendly society or a branch thereof, or
(b) a specially authorised society or branch which, by
virtue of a direction in the authority for registering
that society or branch, is required to carry out a valua-
tion under section 41 below,
but every balance sheet of a society or branch falling within
paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above shall give a true and fair
view, as at the date of the balance sheet, of the assets and cur-
rent liabilities of the society or branch and the resulting balances
of its funds.
(6) A registered society or branch shall not publish any
revenue account or balance sheet unless-
( a) it has been previously audited by the auditor or auditors
last appointed to audit the accounts and balance
sheet of the society or branch ; and
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1393
( b) it incorporates a report by the auditor or auditors
stating whether, in their opinion, it complies with sub-
section ( 1) , subsection ( 4) or, as the case may require,
subsection (5 ) above ; and
( c ) it has been signed by the secretary of the society or
branch and by two members of the committee thereof
acting on behalf of that committee.
( 7 ) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (6 )
above, a registered society or branch falling within paragraph
( a ) or paragraph ( b) of subsection (5 ) above shall not publish
any balance sheet which does not include a statement contain-
ing the same particulars as the statement required to be included
in the annual return of that society or branch by section 43(5)
below.
(8) If in relation to any revenue account, revenue accounts or
balance sheet of a registered society or branch, a member of
the committee thereof fails to take all reasonable steps to secure
compliance-
( a) with subsection ( 1), subsection (4) or, as the case may
require, subsection (5) above, or
( b) in a case falling within subsection ( 2)(b) above, with
subsection (3) above,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 unless he proves that he had reasonable grounds to believe,
and did believe, that a competent and reliable person was
charged with the duty of seeing that the relevant provision was
complied with and was in a position to discharge that duty.
31.-( 1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Obligation to
every registered society and branch shall, in each year of appoint
account, appoint a qualified auditor or qualified auditors to auditors.
audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year.
( 2) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall not apply to a society or
branch ( not being a collecting society or branch thereof ) if-
( a) the receipts and payments of that society or branch in
respect of the preceding year of account did not, in
the aggregate, exceed £5,000 ; and
( b) the number of its members at the end of that year
did not exceed 500 ; and
( c ) the value of its assets at the end of that year did not,
in the aggregate, exceed £5,000.
(3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, subsection ( 1 )
above shall not apply to a registered branch if-
( a) the conditions specified in paragraphs (a ) and (b) of
subsection (2) above are satisfied in respect of that
branch ; and
c . 46
1394 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Auditof
exempt
societies and
branches.
( b) at the end of the preceding year of account at least
75% of its assets had been transferred to the society
of which it is a branch or to another registered branch
of that society for the purpose of being invested, in
accordance with section 46( 2) below, by that society
or other branch, and the value of its assets not so
transferred did not , in the aggregate, exceed £5,000 ;
and
( c) the society or branch to which the assets were transferred
is one to which subsection ( 1) above applies in the
year of account in question .
( 4 ) A registered society or branch to which, by virtue of
subsection (2) or subsection ( 3) above, subsection ( 1 ) above does
not apply in respect of any year of account is in this Act
referred to as an exempt society or, as the case may be, an
exempt branch, in respect of that year of account.
(5) Regulations made by the Chief Registrar, with the consent
of the Treasury, may-
(a ) substitute for any sum or number for the time being
specified in subsection (2) above, or for any sum
or percentage for the time being specified in subsec-
tion ( 3) above, such sum, number or percentage as may
be specified in the regulations ; and
(b) prescribe what receipts and payments of a society shall
be taken into account for the purposes of those sub-
sections ;
and any such regulations may make different provision in relation
to different cases or different circumstances .
32.-( 1 ) Subject to any direction given by the registrar under
subsection (2) below, every registered society or branch which
is an exempt society or an exempt branch in respect of the
current year of account shall in that year appoint at its option
either-
(a) a qualified auditor or qualified auditors , or
(b) two or more persons who are not qualified auditors ,
to audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year.
(2) The registrar may give a direction in the case of any
particular society or branch which is an exempt society or
branch in respect of the current year of account requiring it
to appoint a qualified auditor to audit its accounts and balance
sheet for that year.
(3) The registrar may give a direction in the case of any
particular society or branch which was an exempt society or
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1395
branch in respect of any year of account before that in which
the direction is given and did not appoint a qualified auditor
or qualified auditors to audit its accounts and balance sheet
for that year-
( a) requiring it to appoint a qualified auditor to audit those
accounts and that balance sheet, and
( b) in a case where that society or branch has sent to him
its annual return for that year before the date of the
direction, requiring it, after its accounts and balance
sheet have been audited by a qualified auditor, to send
to him within three months from receipt of the direc-
tion a further annual return complying with the
requirements of this Act ( other than the requirement
as to the time at which the annual return must be sent) .
( 4) A failure by a registered society or branch to comply
with any direction given by the registrar under this section
shall be an offence under this Act.
33.- ( 1 ) A qualified auditor appointed to audit the accounts Re-appoint-
and balance sheet of a registered society or branch for the ment and
preceding year of account shall be re-appointed as auditor of removal of
the society for the current year of account unless- auditors.
(a ) a resolution has been passed at a general meeting of
the society or branch appointing somebody instead
of him or providing expressly that he shall not be
reappointed ; or
(b) he has given to the society or branch notice in writing
ofhis unwillingness to be reappointed ; or
( c) he is ineligible for appointment as auditor of the society
or branch for the current year of account ; or
( d ) he has ceased to act as auditor of the society or branch
by reason of death or incapacity.
( 2) Where notice is given of an intended resolution to appoint
at a general meeting some person or persons in place of a
retiring auditor and the resolution cannot be proceeded with at
the meeting because of the death or incapacity of that person or
persons, or because he or they are ineligible for appointment
as auditor or auditors of the society or branch for the current
year of account (as the case may be) , the retiring auditor shall
not be automatically reappointed by virtue of subsection ( 1 )
above.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, a person is ineligible for
appointment as auditor of a registered society or branch for
the current year of account if, but only if, —
( a ) his appointment in relation to the society or branch is
prohibited by section 37 below, or
c . 46
1396 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( b) (in the case of a society or branch which is not an
exempt society or branch in respect of that year of
account) he is not a qualified auditor at the time when
the question of his appointment falls to be considered.
Notice of
resolutions
relating to
appointment and removal
of auditors.
34 .-( 1 ) A resolution at a general meeting of a registered
society or branch-
( a) appointing another person as auditor in place of a
retiring qualified auditor, or
( b ) providing expressly that a retiring qualified auditor
shall not be reappointed,
shall not be effective unless notice of the intention to move the
resolution has been given to the society or branch not less than
twenty-eight days before the meeting at which it is moved.
( 2) Where notice of the intention to move any such resolution
has been given under subsection ( 1 ) above to a society or branch
which is required by its rules to give notice to its members of
the meeting at which the resolution is to be moved, the society
or branch shall, if it is practical to do so, give them notice of
the resolution at the same time and in the same manner as it
gives notice of the meeting.
( 3) Where notice of the intention to move any such resolution
has been given to a registered society or branch under subsection
(1) above, and that society or branch does not give notice of
the resolution under subsection (2) above, it shall give notice
of the resolution to its members not less than fourteen days
before the meeting at which the resolution is to be moved either
by advertisement in a newspaper having an appropriate circula-
tion or in any other way allowed by the rules of the society
or branch.
( 4 ) Where
(a ) for any of the reasons mentioned in section 33(2) above,
an intended resolution to appoint some person or
persons in place of a retiring qualified auditor cannot
be proceeded with at the meeting, and
( b) by the rules of the registered society or branch an
auditor can only be appointed by a resolution passed
at a general meeting after notice of the intended
resolution has been given to the society or branch
before the meeting ;
a resolution passed at that meeting reappointing the retiring
auditor or appointing an auditor in place of the retiring auditor
shall be effective notwithstanding that no notice of that resolu-
tion has been given to the society or branch under its rules.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1397
( 5) Any provision in this section which requires notice to
be given to the members of a society or branch shall be con-
strued , in the case of a meeting of delegates appointed by
members, as requiring the notice to be given to the delegates so
appointed.
35.-( 1 ) On receipt by a registered society or branch of notice Proceedings
given under section 34(1) above, the society or branch shall subsequent to receipt
forthwith send a copy of the notice to the retiring auditor. of notice
( 2) On receipt of a copy of such a notice, the retiring auditor under s. 34.
may at any time before the date of the general meeting make
representations in writing to the society or branch (not exceed-
ing a reasonable length) with respect to the intended resolution,
and, without prejudice to the preceding provision, the retiring
auditor may-
( a) notify the society or branch that he intends to make
such representations ; and
(b) request that notice of his intention, or of any such
representations made by him and received by the
society or branch before notice of the intended resolu-
tion is given to its members, shall be given to members
of the society or branch.
(3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, a society or branch which
receives representations or a notification of intended represen-
tations under subsection (2) above before the date when notice
of the intended resolution is required by subsection (2) or (as
the case may be ) subsection (3) of section 34 above to be given
to its members shall-
( a ) in any notice of the resolution given to its members,
state that it has received those representations or that
notification (as the case may be) ,
( b) in any such notice, state that any member may receive
on demand made before the date of the general meeting
a copy of any representations which have been or may
be received by the society or branch before that date,
and
( c ) send a copy of any representations received by the
society or branch before the date of the meeting to any
member on demand made before that date ;
but without prejudice either to the preceding provisions of this
subsection or to his right to be heard orally, the retiring auditor
may also require that any representations made by him before
the date of the general meeting shall be read out at the meeting.
( 4 ) Copies of any such representations need not be sent out,
and the representations need not be read out at the meeting,
if, on the application either of the society or branch or of any
c.46
1398 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Qualified
auditors.
1948 с. 38.
1896 с. 25.
other person, the High Court is satisfied that the rights conferred
by this section are being abused to secure needless publicity for
defamatory matter ; and the court may order the costs of the
society or branch on an application under this section to be
paid, in whole or in part, by the auditor, notwithstanding that he
is not a party to the application.
(5) In the application of subsection (4) above to a society or
branch registered in Scotland, for the reference to the High
Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of
Session and for the reference to costs there shall be substituted a
reference to expenses .
(6 ) Any provision in this section which requires notice to be
given to the members of a society or branch or confers any
right upon a member (as the case may be) shall be construed, in
the case of a meeting of delegates appointed by members, as
requiring a notice to be given to the delegates so appointed or
as conferring the right upon a delegate (as the case may be) .
36.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, no person shall be a
qualified auditor for the purposes of this Act unless he is either
a member of one or more of the following bodies, that is to
say, -
(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
(b ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
( c ) the Association of Certified and
Corporate
Accountants ;
(d ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
(e) any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the
purposes of section 161( 1)(a) of the Companies Act
1948 by the Secretary of State,
or a person who is for the time being authorised by the Secretary
of State under section 161 ( 1)( b) of that Act as being a person
with similar qualifications obtained outside the United Kingdom .
(2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, for the purposes of any
provision (except subsections ( 2) and (3) of section 32) of this
Act a person who is not a qualified auditor under subsection ( 1 )
above shall nevertheless be a qualified auditor in relation to any
particular registered society or branch if-
(a) he was on 26th July 1968 an approved auditor appointed
by the Treasury under section 30 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1896, and
( b ) he audited the accounts and balance sheet of that
society or branch for the year of account immediately
c.46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1399
preceding the year of account comprising that date
and for every year of account since the first-mentioned
year until the current year of account.
(3) The Chief Registrar may at any time direct that a person
who is a qualified auditor in relation to a particular society
or branch or particular societies or branches by virtue of sub-
section (2) above shall cease to be so qualified from the date
of that direction .
37.-( 1 ) None of the following persons may be appointed as Restrictions on
auditor of a registered society or branch, that is to say, -appointment
of auditors.
(a ) an officer or servant of the society or branch ; or
( b ) a person who is a partner of, or in the employment of,
or who employs, an officer or servant of the society
or branch ; or
(c) a body corporate.
( 2) Nothing in this section shall prevent the appointment
as auditor of a registered society or branch of a Scottish
firm if none of the partners of the firm is ineligible for
appointment as auditor of the society or branch by virtue of
subsection ( 1 ) above.
( 3) Any appointment made by a registered society or branch
in contravention of this section shall not be an effective appoint-
ment for the purposes of this Act.
( 4 ) References in subsection ( 1) above to an officer or servant
shall be construed as not including an auditor.
38.-( 1 ) The auditors of a registered society or branch shall Auditors'
make a report to the society or branch on the accounts examined report.
by them and on the revenue account or accounts and the balance
sheet of the society or branch for the year of account in respect
of which they are appointed.
( 2) The report shall state whether the revenue account or
accounts and the balance sheet for that year comply with the
requirements of this Act and whether, in the opinion of the
auditors-
( a) the revenue account or accounts give a true and fair
view, in accordance with section 30 above, of the
income and expenditure of the society or branch as
a whole for that year of account and, in the case of
each such account which deals with a particular
business conducted by the society or branch, a true
and fair view in accordance with that section of the
c.46
1400 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Auditors'
right of access
to books and
to attend and
be heard at
meetings.
income and expenditure of the society or branch in
respect of that business for that year ; and
( b) the balance sheet gives a true and fair view, in
accordance with that section, either of the state of
the affairs of the society or branch or of the assets
and current liabilities of the society or branch and
the resulting balances of its funds (as the case may
require) as at the end of that year of account.
(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (2)
above, where the report of the auditors relates to any accounts
other than the revenue account or accounts for the year of
account in respect of which they are appointed, that report
shall state whether those accounts give a true and fair view
of any matter to which they relate.
( 4 ) It shall be the duty of the auditors of a registered society
or branch, in preparing their report under this section, to
carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an
opinion as to the following matters, that is to say, -
( a) whether the society or branch has kept proper books
of account in accordance with the requirements of
section 29( 1 ) (a) above ; and
(b) whether the society or branch has maintained a satis-
factory system of control over its transactions in accord-
ance with the requirements of section 29( 1 ) (b) above ;
and
(c) whether the revenue account or accounts, the other
accounts (if any) to which the report relates, and the
balance sheet are in agreement with the books of
account of the society or branch ;
and if the auditors are of opinion that the society or branch
has failed to comply with paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b) of
section 29( 1 ) above, or if the revenue account or accounts, the
other accounts (if any) and the balance sheet are not in agree-
ment with the books of account of the society or branch, the
auditors shall state that fact in their report.
(5) If the auditors fail to obtain all the information and
explanations which, to the best of their knowledge and belief,
are necessary for the purposes of their audit, they shall state
that fact in their report.
39.-( 1 ) Every auditor of a registered society or branch-
(a ) shall have a right of access at all times to the books,
deeds and accounts of the society or branch and to
all other documents relating to its affairs ; and
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1401
( b) shall be entitled to require from the officers of the
society or branch such information and explanations
as he thinks necessary for the performance of the
duties of the auditors .
( 2) The auditors of a registered society or branch shall be
entitled-
( a) to attend any general meeting of the society or branch,
and to receive all notices of, and other communications
relating to, any general meeting which any member of
the society or branch is entitled to receive ; and
( b) to be heard at any meeting which they attend on any
part of the business of the meeting which concerns them
as auditors.
40.-( 1 ) Regulations made by the Chief Registrar with the Remuneration
consent of the Treasury under section 10 of the Friendly and of qualified
Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968 may prescribe the auditors .
maximum rates of remuneration to be paid by registered societies 1968 c. 55.
and branches for the audit of their accounts and balance sheets
by qualified auditors .
( 2 ) No auditor of a registered society or branch shall ask for,
receive, or be entitled to receive, remuneration in excess of the
rate prescribed in respect of his services by regulations made
by virtue of this section .
Valuations and annual returns
41.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Valuations.
every registered society and branch, once at least in every five
years, shall-
(a) cause its assets and liabilities to be valued by a qualified
actuary appointed by the society or branch ; and
( b) send to the registrar a report on the condition of the
society or branch ;
and every valuation report shall be made in such form and
shall contain such particulars as the Chief Registrar may
prescribe.
(2) For the purpose of any such valuation as is referred to in
subsection ( 1) above, the Treasury-
( a) may appoint valuers (in this Act referred to as " public
valuers ") who shall be qualified actuaries ; and
( b) may determine the rates of remuneration to be paid by
societies and branches for the services of those public
valuers.
c . 46
1402 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Regulations
and directions
ofChief
Registrar
relating to
valuations.
(3) When a valuation is made under subsection ( 1 ) above, the
report sent to the registrar under paragraph (b) of that sub-
section-
(a) shall be signed by the actuary who made the valuation
and shall state his address ; and
(b) shall contain an abstract to be made by the actuary of
the results of his valuation, together with a statement
containing such information with respect to the benefits
assured and the contributions receivable by the society
or branch, and of its funds and effects, debts and
credits, as the registrar may require .
( 4) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall not apply-
(a) to a benevolent society, working men's club, old people's
home society, cattle insurance society or to a branch
of any such society or club ; or
( b) to a specially authorised society or branch unless it is
so directed in theauthority for registering that society
or branch.
(3) The Chief Registrar may dispense with the provisions of
subsection ( 1 ) above in respect of societies or branches to whose
purposes, or to the nature of whose operations, he may deem
those provisions inapplicable.
(6) The Chief Registrar may dispense with the provisions of
subsection ( 1 ) above in respect of any particular business con-
ducted by a registered society or branch if , in his opinion, those
provisions are inapplicable to that business because of the
nature of the business or the manner in which it is conducted,
and in relation to any such society or branch on which a partial
exemption is conferred under this subsection, subsection ( 1 )
above shall have effect (subject to any regulations made or
direction given under section 42 below) as if-
(a) it required that society or branch once at least in every
five years to cause its assets and liabilities in respect
of any business other than the business to which the
partial exemption relates to be valued under this
section ; and
( b) the report required to be sent to the registrar under
subsection ( 1 ) above were a report on the assets and
liabilities so valued .
42.-( 1 ) The Chief Registrar may by regulations provide that
in relation to any registered society or branch of a class specified
in the regulations, section 41 above shall have effect as if for
the period of five years specified in subsection ( 1 ) of that section
there were substituted a period of three years .
(2) The Chief Registrar may by regulations provide that in
relation to any registered society or branch of a class specified
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1403
in the regulations, section 41 above shall have effect as if it
required the society or branch-
( a ) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any
business of a class so specified to be valued under that
section and to send to the registrar a report of those
assets and liabilities at least once in every three years ;
and
( b) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any other
business (other than business to which a partial exemp-
tion under subsection (6) of section 41 above relates)
to be so valued and to send to the registrar a report
on those assets and liabilities at least once in every five
years.
(3) The Chief Registrar may by regulations provide that
every society or branch of a class specified in the regulations
which is or was first registered under this Act or under the
Friendly Societies Act 1896 after 25th July 1968 shall cause
its assets and liabilities to be valued for the first time under
section 41 above as at a date so specified.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this
section, if in the opinion of the Chief Registrar it is expedient
in the interests of the members of any particular registered
society or branch to do so, he may direct that, in relation to
that society or branch, section 41 above shall have effect-
(a) as if for the period of five years specified in subsec-
tion ( 1) of that section there were specified a period of
three years ; or
(b) as if it required that society or branch-
(i) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of
any particular business specified in the direction to
be valued under that section and to send to the regis-
trar a report on those assets and liabilities at least
once in every three years ; and
(ii) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of
any other business (other than business to which
a partial exemption under subsection (6) of that
section relates) to be so valued and to send to the
registrar a report on those assets and liabilities at
least once in every five years .
( 5) The Chief Registrar may at any time revoke a direction
given by him under subsection (4) above.
(6 ) Any power to make regulations under this section may
be exercised so as to make different provision in relation to
different cases or different circumstances to which the power
is applicable.
c . 46
1404 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Annual
return. 43.-(1) Every registered society and branch shall once in
every year, not later than 31st May, send to the registrar a
return (in this Act called an " annual return ") relating to its
affairs for the year of account preceding that in which the
return is required to be sent.
( 2 ) In the case of a branch, the annual return shall be sent
to the registrar through an officer appointed in that behalf by
the society of which the branch forms part.
( 3) Every annual return of a registered society or branch-
( a ) shall be made up for the year of account to which the
return relates ; and
( b ) shall contain the revenue account or accounts of the
society or branch prepared in accordance with section
30( 2) above in respect of the year of account to which
the return relates and a balance sheet as at the end
of that year ; and
( c ) shall not contain any accounts other than the revenue
account or accounts for that year unless those other
accounts have been examined by the auditors of the
society or branch under section 38 above .
( 4 ) Together with every annual return, a registered society
or branch shall send a copy of the report of the auditors on
the accounts and balance sheet contained in the return.
(5) Every annual return sent to the registrar by a registered
society or branch to which section 41(1) above applies shall
include a statement specifying either-
( a ) in the case of a society or branch on which no exemp-
tion from the provisions of subsection ( 1) of section 41
above has been conferred, either under subsection (5)
or subsection ( 6 ) of that section, the date of the last
report under that section on the condition of the
society or branch or the dates respectively of the last
reports under that section on the assets and liabilities
of the society or branch in respect of particular busi-
nesses conducted by it , and a place where a copy of
that report or copies of those reports (as the case may
be ) may be inspected ; or
(b) in the case of a society or branch on which a complete
exemption from the provisions of section 41 above has
been conferred under subsection (5) of that section,
the reason for that exemption ; or
( c) in the case of a society or branch on which a partial
exemption from the provisions of section 41 above
has been conferred under subsection (6) of that section,
the reason for that partial exemption and the date of
the last report, or the dates respectively of the last
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1405
reports, under that section on the assets and liabilities
of the society or branch in respect of any business or
businesses conducted by it, and a place where a copy
of that report or copies of those reports (as the case
may be) may be inspected.
( 6 ) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, every annual
or other return required for the purposes of this Act shall
be made in such form and shall contain such particulars as
the Chief Registrar may prescribe.
44.-(1) On the application of a member or person interested Copies of
in its funds a registered society or branch shall supply to him annual return
gratuitously either-
to be supplied
on demand.
( a) a copy of the last annual return of the society or branch ;
or
( b) a balance sheet or other document duly audited contain-
ing the same particulars relating to the affairs of the
society or branch as are contained in the annual return .
(2) Together with every copy of an annual return supplied
in accordance with paragraph ( a) of subsection ( 1) above and
together with every balance sheet or other document supplied
in accordance with paragraph (b) of that subsection, a registered
society or branch shall provide a copy of the report of the
auditors on the accounts and balance sheet contained in the
return or on the balance sheet or document supplied, as
the case may require.
45. Every registered society and branch shall keep always Copies of
hung up in a conspicuous place at the registered office of the balance sheet
society or branch-
and valuation
to be displayed.
( a) a copy of the last annual balance sheet together with
the report of the auditors thereon ; and
(b) a copy of the last report under section 41 above on the
condition of the society or branch or, where a report
or reports are required under that section in respect
of a particular business or particular businesses con-
ducted by the society or branch, a copy of the last
report under that section in respect of that business
or in respect of each of those businesses, as the case
may require.
Investment, funds and property
46.-( 1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the trustees of a Investment
registered society or branch may, with the consent of the com- of funds.
mittee or of a majority of the members present and entitled to
vote in general meeting, invest the funds of the society or branch
or any part thereof, to any amount in any of the following
ways, that is to say, -
( a) in the National Savings Bank or in any savings bank
certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1863, the 1863 с. 87.
c.46
1406 Friendly Societies Act 1974
1954 с. 63.
1969 с. 50.
Power to set up
funds for
purchase of
Government
securities on
behalf of
members.
Trustee Savings Banks Act 1954 or the Trustee
Savings Banks Act 1969 ; or
(b) in the public funds ; or
( c ) in the purchase of land, or in the erection or alteration
of offices or other buildings thereon ; or
( d ) upon any other security expressly directed by the rules
of the society or branch, other than personal security,
except as is in this Act authorised with respect to
loans ; or
( e) in any investment in which trustees are for the time
being by law authorised to invest trust funds.
( 2) The rules of a society with branches and of any branch
thereof may provide for the investment of funds of the society
or of that branch by the trustees of any branch, or by the
trustees of the society, and the consent required for any such
investment shall be the consent of the committee, or of such
a majority of the members as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
above, of the society or branch by whom the funds are invested.
( 3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as imposing
any obligation on the Director of Savings or on the trustees
of a trustee savings bank with respect to the receipt by him
or them of any funds of a registered society or branch.
47.- ( 1) A registered society or branch may in accordance
with its rules set up and administer a fund for the purchase,
on behalf of members contributing thereto, of Defence Bonds or
National Savings Certificates or such other securities of Her
Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom as the Chief
Registrar may prescribe.
(2) A registered society or branch may, in amending its rules
for the purpose of this section, make provision for enabling
persons to become members of the society for the purpose only
of contributing to the said fund and without being entitled to any
rights as members other than rights as contributors to the said
fund.
( 3) To facilitate the amendment for the purpose of this section
of the rules of a registered society or branch existing on 25th
April 1940, the Chief Registrar-
( a) may prescribe forms of rules which may be adopted
for that purpose, and
( b) if requested to do so by the committee of any such
society or branch existing at that date, may register
a rule of that society or branch in such of the pre-
scribed forms as may be indicated in the request ;
and any rule so registered shall have effect as if it had been
duly passed by the society or branch .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1407
( 4) Anything which is required or authorised to be done by
or to the Chief Registrar under this section may be done by or
to such person as he may appoint for the purpose.
48.- ( 1 ) A registered society and, subject to the rules of Loans to
the society of which it is a branch, a registered branch may assured members.
advance to a member of at least one full year's standing any
sum not exceeding one- half of the amount of an assurance
on his life, on the written security of himself and two satisfactory
sureties or, in Scotland, cautioners for repayment.
(2) The amount so advanced, with all interest thereon, may
be deducted from the sum assured, without prejudice in the
meantime to the operation of the security.
49. A registered society may, out of any separate loan fund Loans out of
to be formed by contributions or deposits from its members, separate loan fund.
make loans to members on their personal security, with or
without sureties or, in Scotland, cautioners, as may be provided
by the rules, subject to the following restrictions, that is to
say, -
(a) a loan shall not at any time be made out of money
contributed for the other purposes of the society ;
(b) a member shall not be capable of holding any interest
in the loan fund exceeding £200 ;
( c) the society shall not make any loan to a member on
personal security beyond the amount fixed by the
rules , or make any loan which, together with any
money owing by a member to the society, exceeds
£ 50 ; and
(d ) the society shall not hold at any one time on deposit
from its members any money beyond the amount fixed
by the rules, and the amount so fixed shall not exceed
two-thirds of the total sums owing to the society by
the members who have borrowed from the loan fund.
50.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and of Loans of
section 51 below, a registered society or branch (other than a surplus funds
benevolent society or branch thereof) may, if its rules so to registered
provide, make advances by way of loan to a registered society society or
branch of
or registered branch of a society which is not of the same different
description and may take such part in the government and description.
control of the society or branch to which any such advance
is made or agreed to be made as may be provided by the
rules of that society or branch.
( 2) An advance shall not be made by a society or branch
by virtue of this section unless the rule of its assets showed
a surplus over the amount of its liabilities according to the last
c.46
1408 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Power of
friendly
society to
invest in
housing
association.
valuation under section 41 above or, in the case of a society
or branch of which the assets and liabilities are not valued
under that section, according to its last annual return under
section 43 above ; and-
( a ) no advance shall be so made to an amount greater,
with any amounts outstanding in respect of previous
advances so made, than the amount for the time being
unapplied of that surplus ;
( b) for any purpose other than the purposes of paragraph
( a) above, in determining the amount so unapplied
there shall be deducted any amounts outstanding in
respect of advances so made after the date to which
the valuation or return relates.
(3) An advance under this section may be interest free.
( 4 ) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the
power of a registered society or branch under section 52(2)
below to contribute to the funds and take part in the manage-
ment of another registered society or branch of the same
description.
(5) For the purposes of this section a society or branch
shall be deemed to be of the same description as another
society or branch if , but only if, they are both registered by
virtue of the same paragraph of section 7( 1) above and, where
each of them is a specially authorised society or branch, they are
both established for the same purpose or purposes.
51.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to section 46 above, if the rules of
a registered friendly society or branch thereof expressly so
direct, the trustees thereof may, with the consent of the com-
mittee or of a majority of the members present and entitled to
vote in general meeting, invest the funds of the society or branch
or any part thereof, in subscribing up to any amount permitted
by this section for any of the share or loan capital of a housing
association, other than shares or debentures not fully paid up
at the time of issue.
( 2) The power to make investments conferred by this section
is subject to the same restrictions as are imposed by section
50( 2) above on the power to make advances conferred by that
section.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section 50 above any
amounts for the time being invested by virtue of this section
shall be taken into account in the same way as amounts out-
standing in respect of advances made by virtue of that section,
but so that, except in the case of investments made after the
date to which the valuation or return relates, the amounts
invested shall be taken to be amounts equal to the value of
the investments according to the valuation or return referred
to in the said subsection ( 2) .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1409
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section, “ housing association "
means a housing association within the meaning of the Housing 1957 с. 56.
Act 1957 or the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 ( but not including 1966 с. 49.
a development corporation ) .
52.-( 1 ) A registered society or branch may subscribe outCharitable
of its funds to any hospital, infirmary, charitable or provident subscriptions
and
institution, any annual or other sum which may be necessary contributions
to secure to members of the society or branch and their families to other
the benefits of the hospital, infirmary or other institution.
registered societies.
( 2) In accordance with its rules, a registered society or branch
may contribute to the funds and take part by delegates or
otherwise in the government of any other registered society
or registered branch of a society without becoming a branch
under this Act of that other society or branch.
(3) A registered society or branch shall not withdraw from
contributing to the funds of any medical society, that is to say,
a society for the purpose of relief in sickness by providing
medical attendance and medicine, except on three months' notice
to the society and on payment of all contributions accrued
or accruing due to the date of expiry of the notice.
53.-( 1 ) A registered society or branch may, if its rules Holding
so provide, hold, purchase or take on lease in the names of of land.
the trustees of the society or branch any land, and may sell,
exchange, mortgage or lease any such land and erect, alter or
pull down buildings on it, and
( a) no purchaser, assignee, mortgagee or tenant shall be
bound to enquire as to the authority for any sale,
exchange, mortgage or lease by the trustees ; and
( b) the receipt of the trustees shall be a discharge for all
sums of money arising from, or in connection with,
any such sale, exchange, mortgage or lease.
(2 ) A branch of a registered society need not for the purposes
of this section be separately registered.
( 3) In the application of subsection ( 1) above to Scotland, -
(a) for the word " exchange " there shall be substituted the
66
word " excamb " or excambion " as the case may
require ;
(b) for the word " mortgage ", in the first place where it
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " grant a
"
heritable security over and other references to
" mortgage " shall be construed accordingly ; and
(c) for the word " mortgagee " there shall be substituted the
words " creditor in a heritable security ".
Part II P
c . 46
1410 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Vesting of
property in
trustees.
54.-( 1 ) Subject to section 55 below, all property belonging
to a registered society, whether acquired before or after the
society is registered, shall vest in the trustees for the time being
of the society, for the use and benefit of the society and the
members thereof and all persons claiming through the members
according to the rules of the society.
( 2) The property of a registered branch of a society shall vest
wholly or partly in the trustees for the time being of that
branch, or of any other branch of which that branch forms
part (or, if the rules of the society so provide, in the trustees
for the time being of the society) , for the use and benefit either
of the members of any such branch and persons claiming
through those members or of the members of the society
generally and persons claiming through them according to the
rules of the society.
(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsections ( 1) and (2) above,
the trustees of a registered society or branch shall not be liable
to make good any deficiencies in the funds of the society or
branch, but each trustee shall be liable only for sums of money
actually received by him on account of the society or branch.
Power of the
55.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 54 above any
Public Trustee part of the funds of a friendly society registered at the central
to hold
office or of any branch of such a society, and any stocks , shares
securities of
certain
or securities held by or on behalf of such a society or branch,
friendly
may be transferred to the Public Trustee if, and only if, —
societies and
branches.
(a) the Public Trustee agrees to the transfer ; and
(b) rules of the society or branch are , or have been, made
for the purpose.
(2) The Public Trustee shall invest, in accordance with the
rules, any funds so transferred to him and shall pay the interest
on any stocks, shares or securities acquired by or transferred
to him in pursuance of this section to the trustees of the society
or branch, and shall, if and when the trustees so require,
transfer the capital of the stocks, shares or securities to them, or
realise the same and transfer the proceeds to them.
(3) The Public Trustee shall be completely exonerated from
any liability in relation to any stock, shares or securities held
by him in pursuance of this section, and no action shall lie
against the Public Trustee in respect of any such stock, shares
or securities provided that he acts in accordance with the pro-
visions of this section.
(4 ) This section does not extend to Scotland.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1411
56. In all legal proceedings whatsoever concerning any Legal
property vested in the trustees of a registered society or branch, proceedings
the property may be stated to be the property of the trustees concerning
in their own names as trustees for the society or branch without property .
further description.
57.-( 1 ) Where, in the case of any mortgage or other Discharge of
assurance to a registered society or branch of any property, acertain
receipt in full for all money secured thereby on that property mortgages.
is endorsed on or annexed to the mortgage or other assurance,
being a receipt-
( a) signed by the trustees of the society or branch and
countersigned by the secretary thereof ; and
(b) in the form set out in Schedule 4 to this Act or in any
other form specified in the rules of the society or
branch or any schedule thereto,
then, for the purposes of the provisions of section 115 of the
Law of Property Act 1925 (reconveyance of mortgage by 1925 c. 20.
endorsed receipt ) which are specified in subsection ( 2) below,
that receipt shall be deemed to be a receipt which fulfils the
requirements of subsection ( 1) of that section.
( 2) The provisions of section 115 of the Law of Property Act
1925 which are referred to in subsection ( 1) above are-
( a) subsection ( 1) , so far as it relates to the operation of
such a receipt as is mentioned in that subsection ;
( b ) if, but only if, the receipt under this section states the
name of the person who pays the money, subsection
( 2 ) ;
(c) subsections (3) , (6), (8) , ( 10) and (11) ; and
( d ) where consistent with the terms of the form authorised
by subsection ( 1) (b) above which is used for the receipt,
subsection (7) .
(3) This section extends to England and Wales only.
58. On the death, resignation or removal of a trustee of a Devolution
registered society or branch, all property vested in him as such of property
a trustee shall, without conveyance, assignment or assignation, on death,
vest subject to the same trusts in the succeeding trustees of resignation or
removal of
that society or branch, either solely or together with any sur- trustee.
viving or continuing trustees ; and until the appointment of
succeeding trustees that property shall so vest in the surviving
or continuing trustees only or in the executors or administra-
tors of the last surviving or continuing trustee.
59.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section apply in the following Priority
cases, that is to say, - ondeath,
( a ) on the death or bankruptcy of any officer of a registered bankruptcy,
etc. , of
society or branch who has in his possession, by virtue officer.
P2
c . 46
1412 Friendly Societies Act 1974
of his office, any money or property belonging to the
society or branch ; and
(b) if any execution, attachment, or other process is issued,
or action or diligence raised against any such officer or
against his property.
( 2 ) Where this section applies then, upon demand in writing
of the trustees of the society or branch, or of any two of them,
or of any person authorised by the society or branch or by the
committee thereof to make the demand, the executors or
administrators or trustee in bankruptcy or the sheriff or other
person executing the process shall pay the money and deliver
over the property to the trustees of the society or branch in
preference to any other debt or claim against the estate of the
officer.
(3) In subsection ( 1) above " bankruptcy " includes liquidation
of a debtor's affairs by arrangement.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the
reference in subsection ( 1 ) above to the bankruptcy of any officer
there shall be substituted a reference to an award of sequestration
being made on any officer's estate or his executing a trust deed
for his creditors or his entering into a composition contract, and
in subsection (2 ) above the expression " trustee in bankruptcy "
includes a judicial factor.
Membership
ofminors.
Membership and rights of members
60.-( 1 ) The rules of a registered society or branch may
provide for the admission of minors as members.
(2) A member who is a minor may, if he is over sixteen by
himself, and if he is under sixteen by his parent or guardian,
execute all instruments and give all receipts necessary to be
executed or given under the rules .
Members' 61. Except as provided by section 22 above, the subscription
subscriptions of a person who is or has been a member of a registered society
not generally recoverable
or branch shall not be recoverable at law.
atlaw.
Inspection of
booksby
members.
62.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a member or person
having an interest in the funds of a registered society or branch
may inspect the books at all reasonable hours at the registered
office of the society or branch or at any place where the books
are kept.
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1413
( 2) Unless he is an officer of the society or branch or is
specially authorised by resolution of the society or branch to
do so, a member or person having an interest in the funds of a
registered society or branch shall not have the right to inspect
the loan account of any other member without the written
consent of that member.
63. The rules of a registered society or branch may provide Accumulation
for accumulating at interest , for the use of any member, any surplus
ofmember's
surplus of his contributions to the funds of the society or branch contributions.
which may remain after providing for any assurance in respect
of which they are paid and for the withdrawal of the
accumulations.
Benefits : limitations and payment
64.-( 1 ) Subject to section 65 below, a member, or person Maximum
claiming through a member, of a registered friendly society or benefits.
branch shall not be entitled to receive from any one or more
such societies or branches (taking together all such societies or
branches throughout the United Kingdom)—
( a) more than £500 by way of gross sum under tax exempt
life or endowment business ,
( b ) more than £104 a year by way of annuity under tax
exempt life or endowment business,
( c ) more than £5,000 by way of gross sum under life or
endowment business which is not tax exempt, but
increasing that limit from £5,000 to £7,250 if the
entitlement under this paragraph, so far as it exceeds
£ 5,000, is under any mortgage protection policy or
policies,
( d ) more than £500 a year by way of annuity under life or
endowment business which is not tax exempt.
( 2) In applying the limits in this section there shall be
disregarded-
( a ) any bonus or addition declared upon assurance of a gross
sum or annuity,
( b) any approved annuities as defined in section 226( 13)
of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 or any 1970 с. 10.
policy of insurance or annuity contract by means of
which at the date on which it was issued, or, as the
case may be, entered into, the minimum benefits of a
recognised occupational pension scheme under Part II
of the Social Security Act 1973 were secured, and 1973 с. 38.
( c) any increase in a benefit under a friendly society con-
tract, as defined in section 6 of the Decimal Currency 1969 с. 19.
Act 1969, resulting from the adoption of a scheme
P3
c . 46
1414 Friendly Societies Act 1974
prescribed or approved in pursuance of subsection
( 3) of that section .
(3) The Chief Registrar may by order made with the consent
of the Treasury and contained in a statutory instrument, subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament, from time to time increase or further increase all
or any of the limits in paragraphs (c) and (d ) of subsection ( 1 )
above, and any such order may contain transitional and other
supplemental provisions .
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) below, the rules of any registered
friendly society or branch may within six months from the time
when any increase is effected under subsection (3) above be
amended by resolution of the committee so as to permit the
society or branch to assure additional amounts within the limits
prescribed by virtue of that increase .
(5) If, after any increase is effected under subsection (3)
above, any amendment of the rules of a friendly society or branch
is made otherwise than under subsection (4) above, the power
of the committee thereof under subsection ( 4) above shall
determine on the date on which the amendment is registered.
(6) A registered friendly society or branch may require a
member, or person claiming through a member, to make and
sign a statutory declaration that the total amount to which
that member or person is entitled from one or more registered
friendly societies or branches (taking together all such societies
or branches throughout the United Kingdom) does not exceed
the limits applicable by virtue of this section .
( 7) In this section references to registered friendly societies or
branches throughout the United Kingdom shall be construed as
including references to friendly societies or branches registered,
or deemed to be registered, in Northern Ireland under any enact-
ment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or any Measure of
the Northern Ireland Assembly corresponding, in either case, to
this Act.
1970 с. 10.
( 8) In this section-
" life or endowment business " and 66
tax exempt life or
endowment business " have the meanings assigned to
them by subsections ( 2) and (3) respectively of section
337 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ;
and
66 mortgage protection policy " means a policy of assurance
of a gross sum, the whole or the major part of which
is applicable solely for the purpose of meeting pay-
ments due under a mortgage or charge of land.
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1415
c. 46
65.- ( 1 ) For the purposes of section 64 above, the limits in Modification
paragraphs (c ) and (d ) of subsection ( 1) of that section shall of s. 64 in
apply separately in relation to the amounts which may be relation to
received-
group
insurance
(a) by way of group insurance business ; and
business.
( b) by way of other business.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section " group insurance busi-
ness " means the business of providing, in accordance with the
rules of a registered society, benefits for or in respect of such
employees of a particular employer or such other group of
persons for the time being approved for the purposes of this
section by the registrar as are members of the society ; and such
business is approved group insurance business if-
(a ) the policy of insurance or other contract under which
the benefits are provided for or in respect of each of
the employees or other persons concerned is in a form
approved by the registrar, and
( b ) such other requirements as may be prescribed by
regulations made by the Chief Registrar are fulfilled.
66.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a Power of
member of a registered society or of a branch thereof who is member to
nominate
not under the age of sixteen years may, by writing under his person to
hand delivered at or sent to the registered office of the society receive sums
or branch, or made in a book kept at that office, nominate a payable on
person or persons to whom any sum of money payable by the his death.
society or branch on the death of that member or any specified
amount of money so payable shall be paid at his decease .
( 2) The total amount which may be nominated under this
section shall not exceed £500, but where a nomination under
this section does not specify the maximum sum of money
which is to be payable by virtue of the nomination, and the
sum to which the nomination relates exceeds £500 but would
not exceed that amount if any such increase as is mentioned in
section 64(2) (c) above were disregarded, the nomination shall
not be invalidated by reason only of the excess .
( 3) The sum payable on the death of a member by a registered
society or branch shall include sums of money contributed to
or deposited in the separate loan fund and any sum of money
accumulated for the use of the member under the provisions
of this Act, together with interest thereon.
( 4 ) Any reference in subsections ( 1) to (3) above to a regis-
tered society does not include a benevolent society, a working
men's club or an old people's home society.
( 5) A person nominated under this section must not at the
date of the nomination be an officer or servant of the society
P4
c. 46
1416 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Payment on
death of a
nominator.
Devolution
of sums
due where no
nomination.
or branch, unless that officer or servant is the husband, wife,
father, mother, child, brother, sister, nephew or niece of the
nominator.
(6) A nomination so made may be revoked or varied by any
similar document under the hand of the nominator delivered,
sent or made as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 7 ) The marriage of a member of the society or branch shall
operate as a revocation of any nomination previously made by
that member under this section.
(8) A nomination, or a variation or revocation of a nomina-
tion, by writing under the hand of a member of a registered
branch and delivered at or sent to the registered office of
that branch, or made in a book kept at that office, shall be
effectual notwithstanding that the money to which the nomina-
tion relates, or some part thereof, is not payable by that branch
but is payable by the society or some other branch.
67.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, on receiving satis-
factory proof of the death of a nominator, the society or branch
shall pay to his nominee or nominees the amount due to the
deceased or, as the case may be, the amount specified in the
nomination.
(2) Subject to paragraph 12 of Schedule 10 to this Act, the
total amount paid by a registered society or branch by virtue
of a nomination ( whether in favour of one nominee or more)
shall not exceed £500 except that, in the circumstances referred
to in subsection ( 2) of section 66 above, the amount payable
shall include the excess referred to in that subsection.
( 3) The receipt of a nominee over sixteen years of age for
any amount paid in accordance with this section shall be valid.
68.-( 1 ) If any member of a registered society or branch
entitled from the funds thereof to a sum not exceeding £500 dies
without having made any nomination thereof then subsisting,
the society or branch may, without letters of administration or
probate of any will or, in Scotland, without any grant of con-
firmation, distribute the sum among such persons as appear to
the committee, upon such evidence as they may deem
satisfactory, to be entitled by law to receive that sum.
( 2) If any such member is illegitimate, the society or branch
may pay the sum of money which that member might have
nominated to or among the persons who, in the opinion of the
committee, would have been entitled thereto if that member
had been legitimate, or if there are no such persons, the society
or branch shall deal with the money as the Treasury may direct .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1417
( 3) Where at the time of his death a member of a registered
friendly society or branch is entitled from the funds thereof to
a sum which exceeds £500 but would not exceed that amount
if any such increase as is mentioned in section 64(2) (c) above
were disregarded, subsection ( 1) above shall apply to the whole
of that sum, notwithstanding that it exceeds £500, and for
the purposes of subsection (2) above the whole of that sum shall
be taken to be the sum which he might have nominated.
69.-( 1) A payment made by a registered society or branch Validity of
under section 68 above shall be valid and effectual against any payments.
demand made upon the trustees or the society or branch by
any other person, but the next of kin or personal representatives
of the deceased member shall have a remedy for recovery of the
money paid under that section against the person who has
received that money.
(2) Where a society or branch has paid money to a nominee
in ignorance of a marriage subsequent to the nomination, the
receipt of the nomineee shall be a valid discharge to the society
or branch.
70.-( 1 ) Subject to paragraph 1 of Schedule 5 to this Act Certificates
and paragraph 5 of Schedule 6 thereto, a registered society or of death.
branch shall not pay any sum of money upon the death of a
member or other person whose death is, or ought to be, entered
in any register of deaths, except upon the production-
( a) of a certificate of that death under the hand of the
registrar of deaths or other person having care of the
register of deaths in which that death is or ought to
be entered ; or
( b) of the grant or probate of the will of the member or
other person or of letters of administration to his estate
or of a certificate of confirmation to his estate.
(2) This section does not apply to deaths at sea, nor to a death
by colliery explosion or other accident where the body cannot
be found, nor to any death certified by a coroner or procurator
fiscal to be the subject of a pending inquest or inquiry.
71.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a Prohibition of
registered society or branch shall not insure so as to render any insuring
sum payable under the insurance on the death of any person money
to be th
at any time before he or she attains the age of ten years, of a child
otherwise than by way of repayment of the whole or any part under ten.
of the premiums paid.
(2) Subsection (1) above does not apply to a sum payable
to another person who has an interest in the life of the person
on whose death the sum is payable.
c . 46
1418 Friendly Societies Act 1974
1948 с. 39.
1923 с. 8.
( 3) Subsections (1) and (2) above apply to an unregistered
society or branch thereof as they apply to a registered society or
branch thereof.
( 4 ) Subject to the provisions of any Order in Council under
section 7 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act
1948 (which confers power to extend the application of this
section and of certain provisions of that Act originally limited
to persons resident in Great Britain), subsection ( 1) above applies
only in the case of a person who, at the time of the proposal, is
ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man.
( 5) Any society (whether registered or not ) or any branch,
other than a collecting society or branch thereof, which insures
in contravention of subsection ( 1) above shall be guilty of an
offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£100 in the case of a registered society or branch and £50 in any
other case.
( 6) Any collecting society or branch thereof which insures in
contravention of subsection ( 1) above shall be guilty of an
offence under the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 .
(7) This section in its application to collecting societies shall
be construed as one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to
1968.
Limitations on
72.-(1 ) In effecting an insurance for the purpose referred
insurance of
to in paragraph (2)( d ) of Schedule 1 to this Act, a registered
life of parent or friendly society or branch thereof shall not insure to be paid
grandparent. to any person on the death of any one of his parents or grand-
parents any sum which, either taken alone or when added to
any sum or sums for the time being insured to be paid to that
person on that death under any other relevant insurance or
insurances taken out by him, exceeds £30.
(2) Where an insurance has been effected for the purpose
referred to in paragraph (2) (d) of Schedule 1 to this Act then,
subject to subsection (3) below, -
(a ) the society or branch shall not, by virtue of or in con-
nection with that insurance, pay to any person any
sum which exceeds £30 when taken alone ; and
( b) the society or branch shall not, by virtue of or in con-
nection with that insurance, pay to the person by whom
that insurance was taken out any sum which exceeds
£30 when added to any sum or sums paid to him,
on the death on which money was thereby insured
to be paid, by virtue of or in connection with any
other relevant insurance taken out by him ; and
( c) if any payment has been made on the death in question
by virtue of or in connection with that insurance to
с. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1419
the person by whom it was taken out and that payment
has not been repaid, the society or branch shall not
pay to him on that death, by virtue of or in connection
with any other relevant insurance taken out by him,
any sum which exceeds £30 when added to the sum
so paid and not repaid, or when added to it and to
any sum or sums paid to him on that death by virtue
of or in connection with any other relevant insurance
or insurances taken out by him .
( 3) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) above there
shall be excluded-
( a) any sum insured to be paid, or paid, -
( i ) by way of bonus, other than a guaranteed
bonus ; or
(ii) by way of repayment of premiums ; or
(iii ) under a free paid- up policy which was in
force as such on 30th June 1948 or had been
applied for or claimed before that date ; and
( b) so much of any sum insured to be paid, or paid, on
the death of any one of a person's parents or grand-
parents as represents any increase in a benefit pay-
able by the society or branch or by an industrial
assurance company under a friendly society or indus-
trial assurance company contract, as those terms are
defined in section 6 of the Decimal Currency Act 1969 c. 19.
1969, resulting from the adoption of a scheme pre-
scribed or approved in pursuance of subsection (3)
of that section.
( 4 ) In this section " relevant insurance " means an insurance
effected ( whether before or after the commencement of this Act)
by a registered friendly society or branch or by an industrial
assurance company in exercise of any power conferred by-
( a ) section 3 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 (which 1923 c. 8.
has not been operative since 1949 in the case of
insurances or lives of persons resident in the United
Kingdom or the Isle of Man) ;
( b ) section 1 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly 1929 c. 28.
Societies Act 1929 (which after the commencement of
this Act is confined to industrial assurance companies
but is otherwise similar to paragraph 2 of Schedule 6
to this Act) ;
(c) section 2( 1) of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly 1948 c. 39.
Societies Act 1948 (which after the commencement
of this Act is confined to industrial assurance com-
panies but is otherwise similar to paragraph (2) (d ) of
Schedule 1 to this Act) ;
с. 46
1420 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( d ) paragraph (2) (d) of Schedule 1 to this Act ; or
( e) paragraph 2 of Schedule 6 to this Act.
( 5) In this section " parent " includes a stepfather and a step-
mother and references in this section to a payment on a person's
death include references to a payment for his funeral expenses .
Supplementary 73.-(1) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have
provisions effect with regard to the production of certificates of death in
as to insurances
connection with the making of payments relevant for the
referred to purposes of section 72 above.
in s. 72.
( 2) Where under any relevant insurance effected by a regis-
tered society or branch money is for the time being insured to
be paid to the person by whom the insurance was taken out
on the death of a parent or grandparent of his, any assignment
or charge made by him of or on all or any of the rights in
respect of the insurance conferred on him by the policy, by
1923 с. 8.
1929 с. 28.
section 24 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 (provisions as
to forfeited policies), section 3 of the Industrial Assurance
and Friendly Societies Act 1929 (which after the commencement
of this Act is confined to industrial assurance companies but is
otherwise similar to section 75 below ) or section 75 below, and
any agreement so made by him to assign or charge all or any
of those rights, shall, except in the case of a charge or agreement
to charge for the purpose only of securing sums paid for keeping
on foot or restoring the insurance, be void ; and on any bank-
ruptcy of his or on the sequestration of his estate none of those
rights shall pass to any trustee or other person acting on behalf
of his creditors .
( 3) Subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5) of section 72 above shall apply
in relation to this section as they apply in relation to that section .
( 4) Any registered society or branch, other than a collecting
society or branch thereof, which fails to comply with the
provisions of section 72 above shall be guilty of an offence
under this section, and any collecting society or branch thereof
which fails to comply with the said provisions shall be guilty
of an offence under the Industrial Assurance Act 1923, unless
(in either case) it is proved that, owing to any false representation
on the part of the proposer, the society or branch did not know
that the insurance was in contravention of that section.
(5) A society or branch which is guilty of an offence under
this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £100.
( 6) Section 72 above, this section and Schedule 5 to this Act
in their application to collecting societies shall be construed as
one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to 1968 .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1421
74. The provisions of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect Provisions
in relation to the insuring by registered friendly societies of with respect
money for funeral expenses, or of money to be paid on the to certain
insurances
duration of a life for a specified period , where the funeral where person
expenses are those, or the life in question is that , of a person assured is
who at the time of the proposal is ordinarily resident outside the resident
United Kingdom and the Isle of Man. outside
United
Kingdom and
Isle of Man.
75.-( 1 ) Where under any policy to which this section applies Rights of
not less than one year's premiums have been paid, the owner owners of
of the policy shall be entitled at any time within one year from certain
the date on which the last premium was paid to surrender the
endowment
policies.
policy and to claim either-
(a) a free paid- up policy in conformity with the rules con-
tained in the Schedule to the Industrial Assurance and 1929 c. 28.
Friendly Societies Act 1929 ; or
( b) payment of a surrender value equal to 90% of the value
of the sum or sums payable under such free paid-up
policy, calculated in accordance with the last four rules
contained in Schedule 4 to the Industrial Assurance 1923 с. 8.
Act 1923 .
( 2) If any registered friendly society fails to comply with any
claim made under subsection ( 1) above, the society shall, without
prejudice to any other liability to which it may be subject, be
guilty, in the case of a collecting society, of an offence under the
Industrial Assurance Act 1923 and, in the case of any other
society, of an offence under this Act.
(3) This section applies to-
( a) any policy issued in pursuance of paragraph 2 of
Schedule 6 to this Act ;
( b) any policy issued, or deemed under paragraph 6 of
Schedule 10 to this Act to have been issued, in accord-
ance with section 1 of the Industrial Assurance and
Friendly Societies Act 1929, being a policy in force
at some time after 1923 ;
(c) any other endowment policy issued on the life of a child
under ten years of age and in force at some time after
1923 .
( 4) No registered friendly society shall issue any such policy
and is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) above
unless the rules of the society contain a rule which, in the
opinion of the Chief Registrar, sufficiently sets forth the effect
of the provisions of this section and of the Schedule mentioned
in subsection ( 1)(a) above.
c. 46
1422 Friendly Societies Act 1974
1923 с. 8.
Decision of
disputes
generally.
(5) Every premium receipt book issued by a collecting society
in respect of a policy to which this section applies shall set out
the provisions of this section and of the Schedule mentioned in
subsection ( 1)(a) above, printed in distinctive type, or, if the
Industrial Assurance Commissioner consents, a statement in
lieu thereof which in the opinion of the Commissioner sufficiently
sets forth the effect of those provisions .
( 6) If any premium receipt book issued by a collecting society
does not comply with the provisions of subsection (5) above the
society shall be guilty of an offence under the Industrial
Assurance Act 1923 .
( 7 ) In this section-
" endowment policy " means any such policy as is mentioned
in subsection (3)(a) or (b) above or a policy insuring
money to be paid on the duration for a specified period
of the life of the member, either with or without
provision for the payment of money in the event of the
death of that person before the expiration of that period
and either with or without provision for the payment
of money before the expiration of that period and
during the life of that person in the event of the
marriage of that person or otherwise ;
" policy " includes any contract of assurance and the date
of the making of any such contract shall be deemed to
be the date of the issue of a policy.
( 8) This section in its application to collecting societies shall
be construed as one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923
to 1968 .
Disputes
76.-( 1 ) Subject to section 77 below every dispute between-
(a) a member or person claiming through a member or
under the rules of a registered society or branch, and
the society or branch or an officer thereof, or
( b ) any person aggrieved who has ceased to be a member of
a registered society or branch, or any person claiming
through such an aggrieved person, and the society or
branch or an officer thereof, or
(c) any registered branch of a society or branch and the
society or branch of which it is a registered branch, or
(d ) an officer of any such registered branch and the society
or branch of which it is a registered branch, or
(e) any two or more registered branches of any society or
branch, or any officers thereof,
shall be decided in the manner directed by the rules of the
society or branch, and the decision so given shall be binding
c .46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1423
and conclusive on all parties without appeal and may not be
removed into any court of law or restrained by injunction.
For the purposes of section 14 of the Tribunals and Inquiries 1971 c. 62.
Act 1971 (supervisory powers of superior courts ) this subsection
shall be deemed to have been contained in an Act passed before
1st August 1958.
( 2) An application for the enforcement of such a decision
as is referred to in subsection ( 1) above may be made to the
county court.
( 3) Where the rules of a registered society or branch direct
that disputes shall be referred to justices, the dispute shall be
determined by a magistrates' court or, if the parties thereto
consent, by the county court .
( 4 ) In this section, the expression " dispute "—
(a) includes any dispute arising on the question whether a
member or person aggrieved is entitled to be, or to
continue to be, a member or to be reinstated as a
member, but
( b) in the case of a person who has ceased to be a member
does not (except as provided in paragraph (a) above)
include any dispute other than one on a question
between him and the society or branch, or an officer
thereof, which arose whilst he was a member, or arises
out of his previous relation as a member to that society
or branch.
( 5) In the application of this section to Scotland, in subsection
(1) the words " and may not " to the end of the subsection shall
be omitted, in subsection (2) for the words " county court " there
shall be substituted the word " sheriff " and in subsection (3) for
the words from " a magistrates' court " to the end of the sub-
section there shall be substituted the words " the sheriff " .
77.-( 1 ) The parties to a dispute in a registered society of Reference,
branch may, by consent ( unless the rules of the society or by consent,
branch expressly forbid it ), refer the dispute to the Chief ofdisputes
to Chief or
Registrar or, in Scotland, to the assistant registrar. assistant
( 2) The Chief or assistant registrar to whom a dispute is
registrar.
referred under this section shall, either by himself or by any
assistant registrar, hear and determine the dispute and shall have
power to order the expenses of determining the dispute to be
paid either out of the funds of the society or branch, or by such
parties to the dispute as he may think fit ; and his determination
and order shall have the same effect and be enforceable in the
same manner as a decision made in the manner directed by the
rules of the society or branch.
c . 46
1424 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( 3) The Chief or assistant registrar to whom a dispute is
referred may administer oaths and may require the attendance
of all parties concerned, and of witnesses, and the production of
all books and documents relating to the matter in question.
( 4 ) In this section " dispute " means a dispute falling within
section 76 above.
Statement of
78.-( 1 ) Section 21 of the Arbitration Act 1950 shall not apply
case and
to any dispute falling within section 76 above and, notwith-
discovery, etc. , standing anything in any other enactment, the court or the Chief
of documents.
1950 с. 27. or assistant registrar, or any arbitrator , arbiter or umpire to
whom such a dispute is referred under the rules of a registered
society or branch, shall not be compelled to state a case on any
question of law arising in the dispute but may, at the request of
either party, state such a case for the opinion of the High Court
or, in Scotland, the Court of Session .
(2) Where a dispute falling within section 76 above is referred
to a magistrates' court, the court may grant to either party such
discovery of documents, being, in the case of discovery to be
made on behalf of the society or branch, discovery by such
officer of the society or branch as the court may determine, as
might have been granted by virtue of section 12 of the Arbitra-
tion Act 1950 by the Chief or an assistant registrar to whom the
dispute had been referred.
( 3) Where a dispute falling within section 76 above has been
referred to the assistant registrar for Scotland, the registrar may
grant such warrant for the recovery of documents and examina-
tion of havers as might be granted by the sheriff.
Reference of 79.-( 1 ) Where no decision is made on a dispute within forty
disputes to
court otherwise days after application to the registered society or branch in
thanunder
question for a reference under its rules then, subject to subsection
rules.
( 2) below, any person, society or branch such as is mentioned
in paragraphs (a ) to (e) of section 76(1) above who is a party
to the dispute may apply to the county court or a magistrates '
court or, in Scotland, to the sheriff, and the court to which
application is so made may hear and determine the matter in
dispute.
( 2) In the case of a society with branches, the period of forty
days referred to in subsection ( 1) above shall not begin to run
until application has been made in succession to all the bodies
entitled to determine the dispute under the rules of the society
or branch, but the rules of the society or branch shall not require
a greater delay than three months between each successive
determination of a dispute by the bodies entitled under the rules
to determine the dispute .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1425
( 3) The provisions of this section also apply where the rules
of a registered society, or the rules of a registered branch, contain
no direction as to disputes .
ود
( 4 ) In this section " dispute means a dispute falling within
section 76 above.
80.-( 1 ) Where a registered society or branch (in this section Disputes
referred to as " the lender ") has made or agreed to make arising out
advances under section 50 above to another society or branch of loans of
66
surplus funds
( in this section referred to as the borrower ") and the to societies of
lender is by reason thereof empowered by the rules of the different
borrower to take part in the government or control of the description.
borrower, then, subject to subsection (2) below, sections 76
to 79 above shall apply in relation to the determination of any
dispute between the lender and the borrower, being a dispute
relating to any such advance or agreement or to the rights of
the lender or an officer thereof under the rules of the borrower,
as if the borrower were a branch of the lender.
( 2) Where sections 76 to 79 above apply by virtue of sub-
section ( 1 ) above, -
( a) references in those sections to the rules of the society
or branch are references to the rules of the borrower ;
and
(b) section 76( 1) above shall not prevent the bringing of
legal proceedings for the determination of any such
dispute as is referred to in subsection ( 1) above unless,
before the commencement of the proceedings, applica-
tion has been made for a reference under the rules of
the borrower, and any such proceedings may be
brought in a county court or, in Scotland, before the
sheriff , whether or not the court would apart from
this provision have jurisdiction to entertain them ;
and
(c) any application under section 79(1) above (other than
an application made in Scotland) must be made to
the county court and not to a magistrates' court.
Change of name, amalgamation and transfer of
engagements and conversion of societies
81.-( 1 ) A registered society may change its name by an Power to
amendment of its rules and in no other manner, but no amend- change name.
ment of the rules of a registered society which purports to
change the name of the society shall be registered under section
18 of this Act unless that change has the approval in writing
of the Chief Registrar or, in the case of societies registered and
c .46
1426 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Amalgamation and transfer
of
engagements.
doing business exclusively in Scotland, the assistant registrar for
Scotland.
( 2) No such change of name shall affect any right or obligation
of the society or of any member thereof, and any pending legal
proceedings may be continued by or against the trustees of the
society, or any other officer who may sue or be sued on behalf
of the society, notwithstanding its new name.
82.-(1) Any two or more registered societies may, by special
resolution of each of them, become amalgamated together as
one society with or without any dissolution or division of the
funds of those societies or any of them.
(2) A registered society may, by special resolution, transfer its
engagements to any other registered society which, by special
resolution or in such other manner as may be authorised by
its rules, undertakes to fulfil those engagements .
(3) A registered society may by special resolution determine
to transfer its engagements to a company under the Companies
Acts.
( 4 ) Before a registered friendly society becomes amalgamated
with, or transfers its engagements to, another friendly society in
pursuance of subsection ( 1) or subsection (2) above, or trans-
fers its engagements to a company in accordance with subsec-
tion (3) above, information relating to the terms of the pro-
posed amalgamation or transfer shall be given to the members
of the society-
( a ) by sending to each member of the society, not less than
fourteen days before the date of the general meeting at
which the resolution for the amalgamation or trans-
fer is to be proposed, a notice in terms approved for
the purpose by the Chief Registrar ; or
(b) if the Chief Registrar so allows in the case of all or any
of the members of the society, by placing an advertise-
ment, in terms approved for the purpose by him, in
such newspaper or newspapers, and at such time or
times, as he may specify.
(5) If a registered society transfers all its engagements to a
company under the Companies Acts, the registration of that
society under this Act shall thereupon become void and shall
be cancelled by the Chief Registrar or, under the direction of
the Chief Registrar, by the assistant registrar for Scotland.
(6 ) A registered society consisting wholly of members under
twenty one and a registered society or branch or branches of a
society having members above twenty-one may, by resolutions
registered in the manner required for the registration of an
с . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1427
amendment of rules, become amalgamated together as one
society or branch, or provide for distributing among several
branches the members of a society consisting wholly of members
under twenty- one ; and the preceding provisions of this section
shall not apply to such an amalgamation.
( 7) An amalgamation or transfer of engagements in pursuance
of any of the provisions of this section shall not prejudice any
right of a creditor of any registered society which is a party
thereto.
83.- (1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, where a special Objections to
resolution has been passed for the amalgamation, or transfer of amalgama-
the engagements, of a registered friendly society- tions and
transfers of
(a ) any member of the society may by notice in writing engagements
complain to the Chief Registrar on the ground that the of friendly
provisions of section 82 above or section 86 below societies.
or of any other provision of this Act or of any rules
of the society relating to the procedure for deciding
on the resolution have not been complied with ; and
(b) any person ( whether a member of the society or not)
who claims that he is one of a class of persons who
to a substantial extent would be adversely affected by
the amalgamation or transfer may by notice in writing
complain to the Chief Registrar on that ground.
( 2 ) A complaint under this section may not be made after
the expiry of the period of six weeks beginning with the date on
which the special resolution concerned is received at the central
office ( being the period referred to in section 86(4) below) , but
where such a complaint is made the special resolution shall not
be registered until the complaint is finally determined or is
withdrawn.
( 3) Subsections (2) and ( 3) of section 77 above shall apply
in relation to a complaint made to the Chief Registrar under this
section as they apply in relation to a dispute referred to him
under subsection (1) of that section ; and it is hereby declared
that the Arbitration Act 1950 does not apply to proceedings on 1950 c. 27.
a complaint under this section.
( 4) Where a complaint is made under this section the Chief
Registrar may either dismiss it or if, after giving the complainant
and the registered society concerned an opportunity of being
heard, he finds the complaint to be justified, may either-
(a ) so declare, but make no other declaration or order
under this subsection on the complaint ; or
(b) declare the special resolution to be invalid ; or
c. 46
1428 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( c ) make such order as he thinks fit modifying the terms
of the amalgamation or transfer and, where appro-
priate, specifying the steps which must be taken before
the special resolution may be registered at the central
office ;
and it shall be the duty of the Chief Registrar to furnish a state-
ment, either written or oral, of the reasons for any decision
which he gives on a complaint under this section.
(5) Where an order has been made under subsection (4) (c)
above in relation to a proposed amalgamation or transfer of
engagements, the central office shall not register a special
resolution for giving effect to that amalgamation or transfer
unless satisfied that any steps specified in the order have been
taken.
(6) Subject to subsections (1 ) and (8) below, the validity of
a special resolution passed for either of the purposes referred
to in subsection ( 1) above shall not be questioned in any legal
proceedings whatsoever (except proceedings before the Chief
Registrar under this section or arising out of any such proceed-
ings) on any ground on which a complaint could be, or could
have been, made to the Chief Registrar under this section .
( 7 ) In the course of proceedings on a complaint under this
section the Chief Registrar may, if he thinks fit, at the request of
the complainant or of the registered society concerned, state a
case for the opinion of the High Court, or if the society con-
cerned is registered in Scotland the Court of Session, on any
question of law arising in the proceedings ; and the decision of
the High Court or, as the case may be, the Court of Session
on a case stated under this subsection shall be final.
(8) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, where a special
resolution has been passed for the amalgamation of a registered
friendly society (whether or not the resolution has taken effect)
any person, whether a member of the society or not, who-
(a) claims to be entitled to receive any form of benefit from
the society, and
(b) is dissatisfied with the provision made for satisfying
his claim,
may within the period of three months beginning with the day
on which the special resolution is passed make an application
to the county court for the district, or in Scotland to the sheriff
of the sheriffdom, within which the chief or any other place
of business of the society, or (if the amalgamation has taken
effect) the amalgamated society, is situated, and on any such
application the county court of sheriff shall have the same
powers in the matter as in regard to the settlement of disputes
under this Act.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1429
84.- (1 ) A registered society may by special resolution deter- Conversion of
mine to convert itself into a company under the Companies registered
Acts.
societies into
companies.
(2) If a special resolution for converting a registered society
into a company contains the particulars required by the Com-
panies Acts to be contained in the memorandum of association
of a company and a copy thereof has been registered at the
central office, a copy of that resolution under the seal and
stamp of the central office shall have the same effect as a
memorandum of association duly signed and attested under the
Companies Acts.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, if a registered society
is registered as a company under the Companies Acts, the
registration of that society under this Act shall thereupon become
void and shall be cancelled by the Chief Registrar or, under
the direction of the Chief Registrar, by the assistant registrar for
Scotland.
( 4) Registration of a registered society as a company shall
not affect any right or claim subsisting against the society or
any penalty incurred by the society ; and-
( a ) for the purpose of enforcing any such right, claim or
penalty, the society may be sued and proceeded against
in the same manner as if it had not become registered
as a company ; and
(b) every such right or claim, or the liability to any such
penalty, shall have priority as against the property of
the company over all other rights or claims against
or liabilities of the company .
85.-( 1 ) By a resolution passed by a majority of the members Conversion
or delegates present and entitled to vote at any general meeting, of society
or which notice specifying the intention to propose any such into branch.
resolution has been duly given according to the rules, a registered
society may determine to become a branch or any other regis-
tered society and also, if thought fit, of any registered branch
thereof.
( 2) If the rules of the society do not comply with all the
provisions of this Act and of the Treasury regulations in respect
of the registration of branches, the meeting at which any such
resolution is passed as is referred to in subsection ( 1) above
may amend the rules so as to bring the rules into compliance
with this Act and with the Treasury regulations .
(3) Where such a resolution as is referred to in subsection ( 1)
above has been passed at a general meeting of a registered
society, there shall be sent to the registrar-
( a) a copy of the rules of the society marked to show the
amendments, if any, made at the meeting, and
c . 46
1430 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Meaning and
registration
of special
resolutions .
(b) two copies of the resolution and of any such amend-
ment of rules, each signed by the chairman of the
meeting and by the secretary of the society and counter-
signed by the secretary of the society of which it is
to become a branch.
( 4) If the registrar finds that the rules of a society, with or
without any such amendment as is referred to in subsections (2)
and (3) above, comply with the provisions of this Act and of
the Treasury regulations, he shall-
( a) without further request or notice, cancel the registration
of the society and register it as a branch of the
other society referred to in the resolution in question
and also, if it is so specified in that resolution, of
any branch of that other society ; and
( b) without further application or evidence, register any
such amendment of rules ;
and until such registration the resolution shall not take effect.
(5) Notwithstanding anything in section 91(6) below, publica-
tion of a notice of any cancellation of registration under this
section shall not be required.
( 6) The rules of a society which becomes a branch under
this section shall, so far as they are not contrary to any express
provision of this Act or of the Treasury regulations, and subject
to any such amendment thereof as is referred to in the preceding
provisions of this section, continue in force as the rules of the
branch until amended.
86.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act a special resolution,
in relation to a registered society, is a resolution passed-
( a) at a general meeting of which notice, specifying the
intention to propose that resolution, has been duly
given in accordance with the society's rules, and
( b) by not less than three-quarters of those members of the
society for the time being entitled under the society's
rules to vote who vote either in person or by proxy at
the meeting or, in the case of a meeting of delegates
appointed by members, by not less than three -quarters
of the delegates who vote at the meeting.
( 2 ) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the rules
of a registered society, at any such general meeting as is referred
to in subsection ( 1)(a) above, other than a meeting of delegates,
proxy voting shall be permitted on any resolution which, if
passed as mentioned in subsection ( 1)(b) above, would be a
special resolution, and the procedure adopted by a registered
society for proxy voting on any such resolution shall comply
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1431
with any requirements imposed by the Chief Registrar by regula-
tions made under this section.
( 3) A copy of every special resolution for any of the purposes
mentioned in this Act, signed by the chairman of the meeting
and countersigned by the secretary, shall be sent to the central
office and, subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, shall be registered
there ; and until that copy is so registered the special resolution
shall not take effect.
( 4 ) Where, in accordance with subsection ( 3) above, there is
sent to the central office a copy of a special resolution passed at
a meeting of a registered friendly society for the purpose referred
to in subsection ( 1), subsection ( 2) or subsection ( 3) of section
82 above, the resolution shall not be registered (and accord-
ingly shall not take effect ) before the expiry of the period of
six weeks beginning with the date on which it is received at the
central office.
Inspection, winding up and suspension of business
87.- (1 ) If it appears to the Chief Registrar to be expedient to Power of Chief
do so in the interests of the members of a registered friendly Registrar to
society or of the public he may appoint an inspector to examine inspect and
apply for
into and report on the affairs of the society , and for that purpose winding up of
the inspector may require the production of all or any of the registered
books and documents of the society and may examine on oath friendly
its officers, members, agents and servants in relation to its societies and
business, and may administer oaths accordingly. branches.
( 2) If on receiving the report of an inspector appointed by him
under this section, it appears to the Chief Registrar that it is in
the interests of the members of the society or of the public that
the society should be wound up, then, unless the society is
already being wound up by the court, the Chief Registrar may
present a petition to the High Court or, in Scotland, to the
Court of Session for the society to be wound up by the court
in accordance with the Companies Act 1948 if the court thinks 1948 c. 38.
it just and equitable that this should be done.
( 3) The Chief Registrar may , if he considers it just, direct that
all or any of the expenses of and incidental or preliminary to
an inspection under this section shall be defrayed out of the
funds of the society, or by the members or officers , or former
members or officers, of the society in such proportions as he
may direct.
( 4 ) The provisions of this section apply in relation to a
registered branch of a registered friendly society as they apply
in relation to such a society .
c .46
1432 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Power of Chief
Registrar to
suspend
business of
registered
friendly
societies and
branches.
88.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if,
with respect to any registered friendly society, the Chief Registrar
considers it expedient to do so in the interests of the members
of the society or the public, he may make an order forbidding
the society to accept any new members or to enter into a new
contract with any member of the society.
( 2 ) Not less than one month before making an order under
subsection ( 1 ) above in relation to a society the Chief Registrar
shall serve on the society a notice stating that he proposes to
make such an order.
( 3) A notice under subsection ( 2) above shall specify the
considerations which have led the Chief Registrar to conclude
that it would be in the interests of the members of the society
or of the public to make the order.
( 4) The Chief Registrar shall consider any representations with
respect to a notice under subsection ( 2) above which may be
made to him by the society within such period ( not being less
than one month) from the date on which the society is served
with the notice as the Chief Registrar may allow and, if the
society so requests, shall afford to it an opportunity of being
heard by him within that period.
(5) On making an order under subsection (1) above in relation
to a society, the Chief Registrar shall serve on the society notice
of the making of the order, specifying the considerations which
have led him to conclude that it is expedient to make the order
in the interests of the members of the society or of the public ;
and the Chief Registrar may not make an order under subsection
(1) above unless all the considerations so specified were those,
or were among those, which were specified in the notice served
on the society under subsection (2) above.
( 6 ) Notice of the making of an order under subsection ( 1 )
above shall be published by the Chief Registrar in the Gazette
and in such other ways as appear to him expedient for inform-
ing the public.
( 7 ) If a society contravenes the provisions of an order under
subsection (1) above it shall be liable on conviction on indictment
or on summary conviction to a fine which, on summary con-
viction, shall not exceed £ 400 ; and every officer of the society
who knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the contra-
vention shall be liable-
(a ) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both, or
( b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400 .
( 8) An order under subsection (1) above may be revoked by a
subsequent order made by the Chief Registrar .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1433
( 9) The provisions of this section apply in relation to a regis-
tered branch of a registered friendly society as they apply in
relation to such a society .
89.-( 1) The Chief Registrar may at any time, if he thinks Power of Chief
there is good reason to do so- Registrar to
require
( a ) give directions to a registered friendly society requiring production
the society , at such time and place as may be specified of documents.
in the directions, to produce such books or papers
as may be so specified ; or
( b) authorise an officer of the central office, on producing
(if required to do so ) evidence of his authority, to
require a registered friendly society to produce to him
forthwith any books or papers which the officer may
specify.
( 2) Where by virtue of subsection ( 1) above the Chief Registrar
or any officer of the central office has power to require the
production of any books or papers from a registered friendly
society, the Chief Registrar or officer shall have the like power
to require production of those books or papers from any person
who appears to the Chief Registrar or officer to be in possession
of them ; but where any such person claims a lien on books
or papers produced by him, the production shall be without
prejudice to the lien.
( 3) Any power conferred by or by virtue of this section to
require a registered friendly society or other person to produce
books or papers includes power-
( a) if the books or papers are produced, to take copies
of them or extracts from them and to require that
person, or any other person who is an officer or former
officer of, or is or was at any time employed by, the
society in question, to provide an explanation of
them ;
( b) if the books or papers are not produced, to require
the person who was required to produce them to state,
to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below, if a requirement to pro-
duce books or papers or provide an explanation or make a
statement which is imposed by virtue of this section is not
complied with, the society or other person on whom the require-
ment was so imposed shall be guilty of an offence and liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 5) Where a person is charged with an offence under sub-
section ( 4) above in respect of a requirement to produce any
books or papers, it shall be a defence to prove that they were
c.46
1434 Friendly Societies Act 1974
not in his possession or under his control and that it was not
reasonably practicable for him to comply with the requirement.
( 6 ) A statement made by a person in compliance with a
requirement imposed by virtue of this section, including any
explanation provided under subsection (3)(a) above, may be used
in evidence against him .
( 7) The provisions of this section apply in relation to a regis-
tered branch of a registered friendly society as they apply in
relation to such a society.
Appointment
90.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, upon the application
ofinspectors and calling
of one -fifth of the whole number of members of a registered
society or, in the case of a society of not less than 1,000 members,
of special meetings .
of the appropriate number of those members, the Chief Registrar
or, in the case of societies registered and doing business exclu-
sively in Scotland, the assistant registrar for Scotland, may-
(a) appoint an inspector or inspectors to examine into and
report on the affairs of the society ; or
( b) call a special meeting of the society.
( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above the appropriate
number-
( a ) is 100 in the case of a society of not less than 1,000 and
not more than 10,000 members, and
( b) is 500 in the case of a society of more than 10,000
members ;
but this section shall not apply to any society with branches
( regardless of the number of members) except with the consent
of the central body of that society.
( 3) An application under this section shall be supported by
such evidence for the purpose of showing that the applicants
have good reason for requiring the inspection or meeting and
are not actuated by malicious motives, and such notice of the
application shall be given to the society, as the Chief Registrar
may direct.
( 4 ) The Chief or assistant registrar may, if he thinks fit,
require the applicants to give security for the costs of the pro-
posed inspection or meeting before appointing any inspector
or calling the meeting.
(5 ) All expenses of and incidental or preliminary to any such
inspection or meeting shall be defrayed by the members apply-
ing for it, or out of the funds of the society, or by members or
officers , or former members or officers, of the society in such
proportions as the Chief or assistant registrar may direct.
( 6 ) An inspector appointed under this section may require the
production of all or any of the books and documents of the
c.46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1435
society , and may examine on oath its officers, members, agents
and servants in relation to its business, and may for that purpose
administer oaths.
( 7) The Chief or assistant registrar may direct at what time
and place a special meeting under this section is to be held, and
what matters are to be discussed and determined at the meeting ;
and the meeting shall have all the powers of a meeting called
according to the rules of the society, and shall have power to
appoint its own chairman notwithstanding any rule of the society
to the contrary.
Cancellation and suspension of registration and dissolution
91.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Cancellation
the Chief Registrar or, in the case of a society registered and and suspension
doing business exclusively in Scotland , the assistant registrar for of registration.
Scotland may, by writing under his hand, cancel the registration
of a society in the following cases, namely, -
( a) if he thinks fit, at the request of the society evidenced
in such manner as he may direct ;
( b ) on proof to his satisfaction that an acknowledgement of
registration has been obtained by fraud or mistake ;
( c ) on proof to his satisfaction that the society exists for
an unlawful purpose or has wilfully and after notice
from the Chief or any assistant registrar violated any
of the provisions of this Act, or has ceased to exist.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, in any
case falling within paragraph (b) or paragraph ( c) of subsection
(1) above in which the Chief Registrar or the assistant registrar
for Scotland might cancel the registration of a society, he may,
by writing under his hand, -
( a ) suspend the registration of the society for a term not
exceeding three months ; and
( b) from time to time renew any such suspension for the
like period.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, not less than two months'
previous notice in writing specifying briefly the ground of the
proposed cancellation or suspension shall be given to a society
by the Chief or assistant registrar before its registration is
cancelled or suspended.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) above shall not apply where the registration
of a society is cancelled at its own request or under section 82( 5) ,
section 84(3) or section 85( 4) above ; and if before the expiry
of the period of notice under subsection ( 3) above a society duly
lodges an appeal under section 92 below, the society's registration
shall not be cancelled before the date of determination or
abandonment of the appeal.
c . 46
1436 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Appeals
against cancellation
and suspension
ofregistration.
( 5) Where before the expiry of the period of notice under
subsection (3) above of the proposed cancellation of a society's
registration the society duly lodges an appeal against the pro-
posed cancellation under section 92 below, the Chief or assistant
registrar, as the case may require, may by writing under his
hand suspend the society's registration from the expiry of that
period until the date of the determination or abandonment
of the appeal.
( 6 ) Where the registration of a society has been cancelled or
suspended, notice shall forthwith be published in the Gazette
and in some newspaper in general circulation in the neighbour-
hood of the society's registered office.
( 7) Where the registration of a society has been cancelled
under subsection (1) above or suspended under subsection (2)
or subsection (5) above, then, as the case may require, -
(a) from the time of the cancellation, or
( b) from the time of the suspension until the period of that
suspension and any renewal of it under subsection (2) (b)
above ends (whether on the expiry of that period or on
a successful appeal under section 92 below against
such a renewal),
the society shall not be entitled to any of the privileges of
this Act as a registered society, but without prejudice to any
liability actually incurred by the society (which liability may
be enforced against it as if the cancellation or suspension had
not taken place).
92.-( 1 ) A society may appeal, in accordance with subsection
( 2) below, against-
( a ) the cancellation of its registration (other than as men-
tioned in section 91 ( 4 ) above) if the appeal is lodged
before the expiry of the period of notice of the pro-
posed cancellation given under subsection (3) of section
91 above ; or
( b) the renewal under subsection (2) (b) of that section of a
suspension of a society's registration, so far as that
renewal provides for the suspension to continue more
than six months from the original date of suspension .
( 2) An appeal under this section shall lie
(a ) from a decision of the assistant registrar for Scotland,
to the Chief Registrar and, if the Chief Registrar
confirms the decision, to the Court of Session ;
( b) from a decision of the Chief Registrar otherwise than
under paragraph ( a) above, to the High Court.
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1437
93.-(1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Dissolution
a registered society or branch may terminate or be dissolved of societies
in any of the following ways, namely-
and branches.
( a) upon the happening of any event declared by the rules
to be the termination of the society or branch ; or
( b) by the consent of three-quarters of the members of the
society or branch testified by their signatures to the
instrument of dissolution and, in the case of a branch
of a friendly society, with the consent of the central
body of the society or in accordance with the society's
general rules ; or
(c) by the award of the Chief Registrar under section 95(3 )
below.
( 2) A society which has branches shall not be dissolved
except with the consent of the central body of the society.
( 3) If any member of a registered friendly society or branch
in respect of which an instrument of dissolution has been regi-
stered in accordance with section 94 below, or if any person
claiming any relief , annuity or other benefit from the funds of
such a society or branch is dissatisfied with the provision made
for satisfying his claim, he may within the period of three months
referred to in subsection ( 7) of that section make an application
to the county court for the district, or in Scotland to the sheriff
of the sheriffdom, within which the chief or any other place of
business of that society or branch is situated, and on any such
application the county court or sheriff shall have the same powers
in the matter as in regard to the settlement of disputes under
thisAct.
( 4 ) If, in the event of a dissolution of a registered friendly
society or branch, any approved annuity, as defined in section
226(13) of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970, ceases 1970 c. 10.
to be paid or any contract for the payment of such an annuity
fails in whole or in part, no payment shall be made in respect
thereof out of the funds of the society or branch to the annuitant
or other person entitled to the benefit of the contract, but any
sum which, but for this provision, would have been paid to him
shall be applied in purchasing for the benefit of the annuitant
an annuity (for the like term and subject to the like conditions
against surrender, commutation or assignment) from a person
lawfully carrying on in the United Kingdom a business of
granting annuities on human life .
94.-( 1) The provisions of this section apply where a regi- Instrument of
stered society or branch is dissolved as mentioned in paragraph dissolution.
( b ) of section 93( 1) above.
( 2) The instrument of dissolution shall specify-
(a) the liabilities and assets of the society or branch in
detail ;
c .46
1438 Friendly Societies Act 1974
( b) the number of members and the nature of their interests
in the society or branch ;
( c ) the claims of creditors, if any, and the provision to be
made for their payment ; and
( d ) unless stated in the instrument of dissolution to be left
to the award of the Chief Registrar, the intended appro-
priation or division of the funds and property of the
society or branch.
( 3) Alterations in the instrument of dissolution may be made
with the like consents as are required by section 93( 1 )(b) above
for the dissolution of the society or branch, testified in the
same manner.
( 4 ) The instrument of dissolution shall be sent to the registrar
accompanied by a statutory declaration made by one of the
trustees or by three members and the secretary of the society
or branch that the provisions of this Act have been complied
with.
(5 ) The instrument of dissolution shall not, in the case of a
registered friendly society or branch, direct or contain any
provision for a division or appropriation of the funds of the
society or branch, or any part thereof, except for the purpose of
carrying into effect the objects of the society or branch as
declared in the rules thereof, unless the claim of every member
or person claiming any relief, annuity or other benefit from the
funds of the society or branch is first duly satisfied or adequate
provisions are made for satisfying those claims.
( 6 ) The instrument of dissolution and any alterations thereto
shall be registered in like manner as an amendment of the rules
of the society or branch and shall be binding upon all the
members of the society or branch.
( 7 ) The registrar shall cause a notice of the dissolution to be
advertised at the expense of the society or branch in the Gazette
and in some newspaper in general circulation in the neighbour-
hood of the registered office of the society or branch ; and
unless-
(a ) within three months from the date of the Gazette in
which that advertisement appears a member or other
person interested in or having any claim on the funds
of the society or branch commences proceedings to
set aside the dissolution of the society or branch,
and
(b) that dissolution is set aside accordingly,
the society or branch shall be legally dissolved from the date
of the advertisement, and the requisite consents to the instrument
of dissolution shall be deemed to have been duly obtained with-
out proof of the signatures thereto .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1439
95.-( 1 ) On receipt of an application under this section relat- Dissolution
ing to a registered society or branch and after giving not less by award.
than one month's notice in writing to the society or branch,
the Chief Registrar, either by himself or by any assistant registrar
or by any actuary or auditor whom the Chief Registrar may
appoint in writing under his hand, may investigate the affairs
of the society or branch.
( 2) An application under this section shall be made in writing
under the hands of the like proportion or number of members
and, in the case of a society with branches with the like consent,
as are required for the making of an application under section 90
above and shall-
(a) state that the funds of the society or branch are in-
sufficient to meet the existing claims thereon, or that
the rates of contribution fixed in the rules of the society
or branch are insufficient to cover the benefits assured ;
and
( b) set forth the grounds on which the insufficiency is
alleged ; and
( c) request an investigation into the affairs of the society
or branch with a view to the dissolution thereof.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, if upon an investigation
under this section it appears that the funds of the society or
branch are insufficient to meet the existing claims thereon, or
that the rates of contribution fixed in the rules of the society
or branch are insufficient to cover the benefits assured to be
given by the society or branch, the Chief Registrar may, if he
considers its expedient to do so, award that the society or
branch be dissolved and its affairs wound up, and where such
an award is made the Chief Registrar shall direct in what manner
the assets of the society or branch shall be divided or appro-
priated.
( 4 ) Where the Chief Registrar makes an award under sub-
section (3) above he may suspend the operation thereof for
such period as he may deem necessary to enable the society
or branch to make such alterations and adjustments of con-
tributions and benefits as will in his judgment prevent the
necessity of the award of dissolution coming into operation ;
and where within that period the society makes such alterations
and adjustments the Chief Registrar may cancel the award.
(5) The Chief or any assistant registrar proceeding under this
section shall have the same powers and authorities, enforceable
by the same penalties, as in the case of a dispute referred to
him under this Act.
(6) Within twenty-one days after the making of an award
of dissolution of a society or branch, the central office shall
c.46
1440 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Finality of
awards for
dissolution or
distribution
of funds.
Notice of
proceedings
or order to
setaside
dissolution.
cause notice of the award of dissolution to be advertised in the
Gazette and in some newspaper in general circulation in the
neighbourhood of the registered office of the society or branch ;
and unless-
(a) within three months from the date on which that adver-
tisement appears, a member or other person interested
in or having any claim on the funds of the society or
branch commences proceedings to set aside the disso-
lution of the society or branch consequent upon the
award, and
(b) the dissolution is set aside accordingly,
the society or branch shall be legally dissolved from the date
of the advertisement, and the requisite consents to the applica-
tion under this section shall be deemed to have been duly
obtained without proof of the signatures thereto.
( 7) The expenses of every investigation and award under
this section and of advertising every notice of dissolution shall
be paid out of the funds of the society or branch before any
other appropriation thereof is made.
96. Every award under section 95( 3) above shall, without
appeal, be final and conclusive on-
( a) the society or branch in respect of which the award
is made; and
( b) all members of that society or branch ; and
(c) all other persons having any claim on the funds of that
society or branch ;
and every such award shall be enforced in the same manner
as a decision on a dispute under this Act .
97.-( 1 ) Where any person takes proceedings to set aside
the dissolution of a society or branch, he shall give notice of
the proceedings to the registrar not later than the expiry of
whichever of the following periods first expires, namely, —
( a) the period of seven days after the commencement of
the proceedings ; and
( b ) the period of three months referred to in section 94(7) (a)
above or, as the case may require, section 95(6) (a)
above.
(2) Where an order is made setting aside the dissolution of
a society or branch, the society or branch shall give notice of
the order to the registrar within seven days after the order
ismade.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1441
Offences, penalties and legal proceedings
98.-(1) It shall be an offence under this Act if
(a) a registered society or branch or an officer or member
thereof fails to give any notice, send any return or
document, or do or allow to be done anything which
the society, branch, officer or member is by this Act
required to give, send, do or allow to be done ; or
(b) a registered society or branch or an officer or member
thereof wilfully neglects or refuses to do any act or to
furnish any information required for the purposes of
this Act by the Chief or an assistant registrar or by any
other person authorised under this Act, or does any-
thing forbidden by this Act ; or
(c) a registered society or branch or an officer or member
thereof makes a return or wilfully furnishes information
in any respect false or insufficient, being a return or
information required for the purposes of this Act ; or
(d ) an officer or member of a body which, having been a
branch of a society, has wholly seceded or been
expelled from that society, thereafter uses the name of
that society or any name implying that the body is a
branch of that society or the number by which that
body was designated as such a branch ; or
(e) where a dispute is referred under this Act to the Chief
or an assistant registrar, or a complaint is made under
section 83 above to the Chief Registrar, a person refuses
to attend or to produce any documents, or to give
evidence before the Chief or assistant registrar ; or
( f ) a society or branch, whether registered or unregistered,
pays money on the death of a child under ten years
of age otherwise than as is provided by this Act ; or
( g ) a parent or personal representative of the parent claiming
money on the death of a child produces a certificate of
the death other than as is in this Act provided to the
society or branch from which the money is claimed, or
produces a false certificate or one fraudulently obtained,
or in any way attempts to defeat the provisions of this
Act with respect to payments upon the death of
children.
Offences.
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall apply to any act,
omission or contravention which constitutes an offence by virtue
of any provision of this Act other than that subsection or to any
act, omission or contravention which by virtue of any such
provision constitutes an offence under the Industrial Assurance 1923 c. 8.
Act 1923.
Part II Q
с. 46
1442 Friendly Societies Act 1974
1923 с. 8.
Punishment of
fraud, etc. and
recovery of
property
misapplied.
(3) A society or branch and any officer or member of a
society or branch or other person guilty of an offence under this
Act, other than an offence for which some other penalty is
expressly provided by this Act, shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 4 ) If an officer of a friendly society or any other person aids
or abets in the amalgamation or transfer of engagements or in
the dissolution of a friendly society otherwise than as provided
in this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £200.
(5) Where a registered society or branch is guilty of an
offence under this Act, every officer of the society or branch who
is bound by the rules thereof to fulfil any duty whereof the
offence is a breach, or if there is no such officer then every
member of the committee other than a member who is proved
to have been ignorant of or to have attempted to prevent the
commission of the offence, shall be liable to the same penalty
as if he had committed the offence.
(6) Every default under this Act which constitutes an offence
shall, if it continues, constitute a new offence in every week
during which the default continues.
(7) Subject to subsection (8) below, notwithstanding any
limitation on the time for the taking of proceedings contained
in any enactment, summary proceedings for offences under this
Act which are instituted by the Chief Registrar or any assistant
registrar or by the procurator fiscal may be commenced at any
time within one year of the first discovery thereof by the
registrar, but not in any case after more than three years from
the commission of the offence.
(8) Subsection (7) above shall not apply where the society or
branch by or in respect of which, or the person by or in respect
of whom, the offence is alleged to have been committed is a
collecting society or an officer of such a society (for which cases
corresponding provision is made by section 39(5) of the Indus-
trial Assurance Act 1923) .
99.-( 1 ) If any person, with intent to mislead or defraud, -
(a) gives to any other person a copy of any rules, laws,
regulations or other documents, other than the rules
of a registered society or branch, on the pretence that
they are the existing rules of that society or branch
or that there are no other rules of the society or branch,
or
(b) gives to any person a copy of any rules on the pretence
that they are the rules of a registered society or branch
when the society or branch is not registered,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 or on conviction on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1443
for a term not exceeding two years or to both a fine and such
a term of imprisonment.
(2) If any person obtains possession by false representation
or imposition of any property of a registered society or branch,
or fraudulently withholds any such property in his possession or
fraudulently applies any such property for purposes which are
not authorised by the rules of the society or branch or which
are not in accordance with this Act, he shall be liable on sum-
mary conviction to a fine not exceeding £ 400 and to be ordered
to deliver up that property or to repay all moneys improperly
applied ; and any person who fails to comply with such an order
made by a court in Scotland shall be liable on summary con-
viction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two months.
( 3) If-
(a) in proceedings under subsection (2) above which do not
result in a conviction, or
( b) in civil proceedings instituted for the purpose,
a magistrates' court or, in Scotland, the sheriff is satisfied that
any person having possession of any property of a registered
society or branch has failed to deliver it up when requested
to do so by the society or branch, the court or sheriff may make
an order requiring him to deliver up that property ; and any
person who fails to comply with such an order made by a
sheriff in Scotland shall be liable on summary conviction to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two months.
( 4) If in any such proceedings as are referred to in subsection
(3 ) above a magistrates' court or sheriff is satisfied that any
person has applied money belonging to a registered society or
branch for purposes which are not authorised by the rules of
the society or branch or which are not in accordance with this
Act, the court or sheriff may order him to repay to the society
or branch the money which he has so applied ; and, whatever
the nature of the proceedings in which any such order is made,
the order shall be enforceable as an order for the payment of
money recoverable, in the central registration area, summarily
as a civil debt.
(5) Where a magistrates' court or sheriff makes an order
under subsection (3) or subsection (4) above, that order may be
appealed against as if it were an order of that court made on the
conviction of the person to whom the order is directed.
(6) Proceedings under subsection (2) above may be instituted
by, and in the central registration area only by, the following
persons, that is to say-
( a) in the case of a registered society, by the society or
any member authorised by the society, or the trustees
or committee of the society ; or
Q2
c. 46
1444 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Falsification
ofbalance
sheets, etc.
Prosecution
of offences,
recovery of
costs or
expenses.
Jurisdiction of
magistrates'
courts.
1952 с. 55.
(b) in the case of a registered branch, by the branch or
any member authorised by it or the trustees or com-
mittee thereof or by the central body of the society of
which the branch forms part, or by any member of
the society or branch authorised by the central body ;
or
( c) in any case by the Chief Registrar or any assistant regis-
trar by his authority, or by any member of the society
or branch authorised by the central office.
( 7) Nothing in this Act shall prevent any person guilty of
an offence under this section from being proceeded against by
way of indictment, if he has not previously been convicted of
the same offence under the provisions of this Act.
100. If any person wilfully, and with intent to falsify the
document in question or to evade any of the provisions of this
Act, makes, orders or allows to be made any entry or erasure in,
or omission from, -
(a ) a balance sheet of a registered society or branch, or
(b) a return or document required to be sent, produced or
delivered for the purposes of this Act,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400.
101.-( 1 ) Summary proceedings for an offence under this Act
may be instituted by the Chief Registrar or any assistant registrar
or by any person aggrieved.
( 2 ) Any costs or expenses ordered or directed by the Chief
or any assistant registrar to be paid by any person under this
Act shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.
( 3) In the application of subsection (2) above to Scotland, the
word " summarily " shall be omitted.
102. Without prejudice to the provisions of the Magistrates'
Courts Act 1952 as to the jurisdiction of a magistrates' court,
in England and Wales all summary offences under this Act
may be prosecuted-
(a) where the prosecution is against a registered society
or branch or any officer thereof, before a magistrates'
court acting for the petty sessions area in which the
registered office of the society or branch is situated ;
and
( b) where the prosecution is against a person other than
a registered society or branch or an officer thereof,
before a magistrates' court acting for the petty
sessions area in which the person is resident at the
time of the institution of the prosecution.
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1445
103.-( 1 ) The trustees of a registered society or branch, or Legal
any officers authorised by the rules thereof, may bring or defend, proceedings
or cause to be brought or defended, any action or other legal concerning registered
proceedings in any court whatsover, touching or concerning any societies, etc.
property, right or claim of the society or branch, and may sue
and be sued in their proper names, without any other description
than the title of their office.
( 2 ) In legal proceedings brought under this Act by a member
or person claiming through a member, a registered society or
branch may also be sued in the name, as defendant or defender,
of any officer or person who receives contributions or issues
policies on behalf of the society or branch within the juris-
diction of the court in which the legal proceedings are brought,
with the addition of the words 66
on behalf of the society or
branch " (naming the same ) .
( 3) Legal proceedings shall not abate or be discontinued by
the death, resignation or removal from office, of any officer, or
by any act of any officer after the commencement of the
proceedings.
( 4 ) The summons, writ, process or other proceeding to be
issued to or against the officer or other person sued on behalf
of a registered society or branch shall be sufficiently served by
personally serving that officer or other person or by leaving a
true copy thereof at the registered office of the society or branch,
or at any place of business of the society or branch within the
jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is brought, or
if that office or place of business is closed, by posting the copy
on the outer door of that office or place of business.
(5 ) In any case where any such summons, writ, process or
other proceeding as is mentioned in subsection (4 ) above is
not served in one of the ways specified in that subsection, it shall
be served by sending a copy thereof in a letter sent by regis-
tered post or by the recorded delivery service addressed to the
committee at the registered office of the society or branch
and posted at least six days before any further step is taken
in the proceedings.
(6) Where proceedings are taken against a society or branch
for the recovery of any fine under this Act the summons or
other process shall be sufficiently served by leaving a true copy
thereof at the registered office of the society or branch or at any
place of business of the society or branch which is within the
jurisdiction of the court in which the proceedings are brought
or, if that office or place of business is closed, by posting the
copy on the outer door of that office or place of business .
(7) Where the person against whom any proceedings are to
be taken is himself a trustee of a society or branch, the proceed-
ings may be brought by the other trustees or trustee of the
society or branch.
Q3
c.46
1446 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Fees.
Exemptions
from stamp
duty.
Certificates of
births and
deaths for
purposes of
Act.
Miscellaneous
104.-( 1) The Treasury may make regulations determining
a scale of fees to be paid for matters to be transacted or for the
inspection of documents under this Act.
(2) The Treasury may by order provide that on the registration
of, or of any amendment of the rules of, a society of any
description specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of section 7( 1 )
above, fees may be charged in accordance with a scale deter-
mined by the Treasury under subsection ( 1) above, but, except
in so far as an order so provides, no fees shall be payable on
the registration of, or of any amendment of the rules of, any
such society .
( 3) The power to make an order under subsection (2) above
includes power to vary or revoke such an order by a further
order so made.
( 4 ) Any power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument, and a statutory instrument
made in the exercise of any such power shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
(5) All fees received by the Chief or an assistant registrar
under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Con-
solidated Fund.
105. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable upon any of the
following documents, that is to say-
(a ) a letter or power of attorney granted by any person as
trustee for the transfer of any money of a registered
society or branch which is invested in his name in the
public funds ;
(b) a policy of insurance or appointment or revocation of
appointment of an agent or other document required
or authorised by this Act or by the rules of a registered
society or branch .
106.-( 1 ) Applications for certificates of births and deaths
for the purposes of this Act shall, in the case of births and
deaths registered in England and Wales or in Scotland, be made
in the form and under regulations approved by the Registrar
General or, as the case may be, the Registrar General of Births ,
Deaths and Marriages for Scotland .
(2) A certificate, for the purposes of this Act, of the birth
or death of any member of, or any person insured or to be
insured with, a registered friendly society or branch shall on
an application made as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above be
given under his hand by the registrar of births or deaths for a
с . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1447
sum not exceeding 15p, in place of all fees or payments otherwise
payable in respect thereof.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) above, the expression
" registrar of births or deaths " includes any person having the
care of the register of births or deaths in which the birth or
death is entered .
107.-( 1 ) Subject to any exceptions or conditions prescribed Provision as to
by regulations of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State information supplied for
shall at the request of any person claiming benefit from a regi- purposes of
stered friendly society or branch provide the society or branch national
for the purposes of the claim with a copy or abstract of any insurance
medical certificate relating to that person and supplied by him and social
to the Secretary of State for purposes of the enactment relating security .
to national insurance and social security.
(2) Where the Secretary of State furnishes a registered friendly
society or branch, in connection with a claim for benefit from the
society or branch, with information relating to a claim or award
under those enactments, the expenses incurred in connection
therewith by the Secretary of State or any other Government
Department shall be treated as expenses in carrying those enact-
ments into effect.
(3) Until the amendments of section 9 of the Friendly Societies 1955 c. 19
Act 1955 made by section 100( 2)(a) of and paragraph 17 of ( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2) .
Schedule 27 to the Social Security Act 1973 come into force 1973 с. 38.
the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as set
out in Schedule 7 to this Act.
108. Any provision in the rules of a registered society or Protection for
branch which purports to deprive persons of membership of members of
registered
the society or branch or of any interest therein by reason societies
of their service in any of the naval, military or air forces of the joining the
Crown (which expression shall for the purposes of this section forces.
be treated, in the case of a woman, as including service in any
of the capacities mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act) shall be
of no effect, and no person shall be fined for failure to attend
any meeting of the society or branch or otherwise to comply
with the rules thereof if the failure was due to his or her ser-
vice as mentioned in this subsection .
109.-( 1 ) The Treasury may make regulations with respect Regulations .
to-
(a) registration and procedure under this Act, including,
subject to sections 41( 1) and 43(6) of this Act, the
forms to be used for any purpose under this Act ;
(b) the seal to be used for registration ;
( c) the duties and functions of the registrar ; and
Q4
c . 46
1448 Friendly Societies Act 1974
1946 с. 36.
Evidence and
deposit of
documents.
Interpretation.
1923 с. 8.
(d ) the inspection of documents kept by the registrar under
this Act;
and generally for carrying this Act into effect.
( 2) Any power of the Treasury, the Secretary of State or the
Chief Registrar to make regulations under this Act shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument and a statutory instrument
made in the exercise of any such power, other than an instru-
ment containing only regulations under section 9 or 42 above,
shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament.
(3) The Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to any
power of the Chief Registrar under this Act to make regulations
by statutory instrument as if he were a Minister of the Crown.
110.-( 1 ) Every document bearing the seal or stamp of the
central office shall be received in evidence without further proof.
( 2) Every document purporting to be signed by the Chief or
any assistant registrar, or any inspector or public valuer under
this Act shall, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary,
be received in evidence without proof of the signature.
( 3) All documents required by this Act to be sent to the
registrar shall be deposited with the rules of the societies to
which the documents respectively relate and shall be registered
or recorded by the registrar, with such observations thereon, if
any, as the Chief Registrar may direct.
General provisions
111.-( 1) In this Act, unless a contrary intention appears, -
" amendment of rule " includes a new rule and a resolution
rescinding a rule ;
" annual return " shall be construed in accordance with
section 43 above ;
"branch ود
means any number of the members of a society,
under the control of a central body, having a separate
fund administered by themselves or by a committee
or officers appointed by themselves, and bound to
contribute to a fund under the control of a central
body ;
" the central registration area "
has the meaning assigned
to it by section 4(2) above ;
66
collecting society " has the same meaning as in the
Industrial Assurance Act 1923 ;
" committee " means the committee of management or other
directing body of a society or branch ;
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1449
" the Companies Acts " means the Companies Acts 1948
to 1967 and any earlier enactment for the like purposes
which has been repealed ;
" exempt society " and " exempt branch " shall be con-
strued in accordance with section 31( 4) above ;
" Gazette ", in relation to a registered society or branch,
means
( a ) the London Gazette if the registered office
of the society or branch is situated in the central
registration area ;
( b) the Edinburgh Gazette if the registered office
of the society or branch is situated in Scotland ;
" land " includes any interest in land and, in Scotland,
heritable subjects of whatever description ;
" meeting " includes, where the rules of a society or branch
so allow, a meeting of delegates appointed by
members ;
" officer " includes any trustee, treasurer, secretary, or
member of the committee of management of a society
or branch or any person appointed by the society or
branch to sue and be sued on its behalf ;
" persons claiming through a member " includes the
nominees of the member where nomination is allowed ;
" property " extends to all property, whether real or
personal, including books and papers and (in Scotland)
to all heritable and moveable estate ;
" proposal " , in relation to an insurance, includes an appli-
cation for an insurance ;
" qualified actuary " has the meaning assigned to it by sec-
tion 9( 3) above ;
" registered " , in relation to a society or branch, means
registered under this Act or any other enactment
( whether similar in extent to this Act or not ) which at
any time before the commencement of this Act made
provision for registration similar to that made by
this Act ;
" signed ", in relation to a body corporate means sealed ;
and
" Treasury regulations " means any regulations made and
approved by the Treasury and in force under this
Act .
( 2) Any reference in this Act to a particular type of society
shall be construed in accordance with section 7(1) above.
с .46
1450 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Isle of Man.
Channel
Islands.
(3) Any reference in this Act to the registrar for a registration
area shall be construed-
(a ) in relation to the central registration area as a reference
to the central office ; and
( b) in relation to Scotland as a reference to the assistant
registrar for Scotland ;
and any reference in this Act to the registrar, in relation to a
society or branch, is a reference to the registrar for the regi-
stration area in which the registered office of the society or
branch is for the time being, or is to be.
( 4 ) In this Act " year of account " in relation to a registered
society or branch, means, with respect to the year in which it
is first registered, the period beginning with the date of registra-
tion and ending with 31st December of that year and, in any
other case, a period of twelve months ending with 31st Decem-
ber; and
(a) " the current year of account ", in relation to the
appointment of an auditor or auditors, means the
year of account in which the question of that appoint-
ment arises ; and
(b) " the preceding year of account " means the year of
account immediately preceding the current year of
account.
(5) In the application of this Act to Scotland “
heritable
security " means any security capable of being constituted over
any interest in land by disposition or assignation of that interest
in security of any debt, and of being recorded in the Register of
Sasines.
(6) Without prejudice to section 115 below, references in this
Act to a registered society or branch shall not include a society
or branch registered in Northern Ireland.
( 7) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be taken as
referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
112.-( 1 ) Subject to any express provision of this Act with
respect to the Isle of Man, this Act in its application to the
Isle of Man shall have effect subject to such adaptations and
modifications as Her Majesty may by Order in Council specify.
(2) Any Order in Council under subsection ( 1) above may be
varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made.
113.-( 1 ) Subject to any express provision of this Act with
respect to the Channel Islands, this Act in its application to
those Islands shall have effect subject to such adaptations and
modifications as Her Majesty may by Order in Council specify.
c .46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1451
( 2) Any Order in Council under subsection ( 1) above may be
varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made.
114. Where any sum of money becomes payable on the death Payments
of a person entitled to make a nomination under this Act but to legal
domiciled in any of the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, that representative in Channel
sum shall, in default of any such nomination, be paid to the Islands and
deceased's legal representative according to the law of the Island Isle of Man.
in which the deceased was domiciled.
115.-( 1 ) The Treasury may make reciprocal arrangements Reciprocal
with the Department of Commerce for Northern Ireland or application
such other authority as may be specified for the purposes of of legislation relating to
this subsection by any Measure of the Northern Ireland Assembly societies
with a view to securing that, on and after the commencement of registered
this Act, - in Northern
Ireland and
(a ) the law applicable in England and Wales, the Channel in other parts
Islands or the Isle of Man to societies registered at the of the British
central office and the law applicable in Scotland to Islands.
societies registered by the assistant registrar for Scot-
land may be applied, in such cases and subject to such
modifications as may be provided in the arrangements,
to societies registered in Northern Ireland ; and
( b) the law applicable in Northern Ireland to societies
registered there may be applied, in such cases and
subject to such modifications as may be provided in
the arrangements, to societies registered at the central
office or by the assistant registrar for Scotland.
(2) The Treasury may make regulations for giving effect to
any arrangements made under subsection (1) above, and such
regulations may in particular-
(a ) confer rights and obligations (appropriate to registered
societies) under this Act on societies registered in
Northern Ireland in such circumstances as may be
specified in the regulations ;
(b) confer functions on the Chief Registrar, the central office
and the assistant registrar for Scotland in relation to
societies registered in Northern Ireland ; and
(c) make such modifications of this Act and the Govern- S.R. & Ο. 1922
ment of Ireland ( Companies, Societies, etc.) Order 1922 No. 184.
as appear to the Treasury to be expedient to give
effect to the arrangements.
( 3) Any reference in this section to societies registered in
Northern Ireland is a reference to societies which are registered
or deemed to be registered in Northern Ireland under any enact-
ment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or any Measure
с.46
1452 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Amendments,
transitory
provisions
and repeals.
1889 с. 63 .
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
of the Northern Ireland Assembly corresponding, in either case,
to this Act.
116.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 9 to this Act
shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that
Schedule.
( 2) The transitory provisions in Schedule 10 to this Act shall
have effect.
( 3) The inclusion in this Act of any express saving or amend-
ment shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of section
38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which relates to the effect of
repeals) .
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (2) above, the enactments specified
in Schedule 11 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent
specified in the third column of that Schedule.
117.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Friendly Societies
Act 1974.
(2 ) This section, sections 112, 113 and 115 above and so much
of section 109 above as relates to regulations under section 115
shall come into operation on the passing of this Act and the
other provisions of this Act shall come into operation on such
day as the Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
Any reference in this Act to the commencement of this Act
is a reference to the day appointed under this subsection.
( 3) This Act extends to the Isle of Man and the Channel
Islands but does not extend to Northern Ireland .
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1453
c .46
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 7(1 ) .
PURPOSES FOR WHICH FRIENDLY SOCIETIES MAY PROVIDE
The following are the purposes referred to in section 7(1)(a) of this
Act, that is to say, -
(1) the relief or maintenance of the members of the society,
their husbands, wives, children (including step-children) ,
fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters , nephews, nieces, or wards
being orphans, during sickness or other infirmity, whether
bodily or mental, or at any age after fifty or in widowhood,
or for the relief or maintenance of the orphan children (in-
cluding step-children ) of members during minority or at
any later time whilst they are receiving full-time education ;
( 2 ) insuring money to be paid-
( a ) on the birth of a members' child, or
( b ) on the death of a member, or
( c ) to a member on the death of the member's husband
or wife, or
( d ) to a member on the death of a parent (including a
stepfather or stepmother ) or grandparent of his in any
case where, subject to the provisions of any Order in
Council under section 7 of the Industrial Assurance and 1948 с. 39.
Friendly Societies Act 1948 (which confers power to
extend the application of this paragraph and of certain
provisions of that Act originally limited to persons resident
in Great Britain ), the death in question is that of a person
who, at the time of the proposal, is ordinarily resident
in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, or
( e) with respect to persons of the Jewish persuasion,
during the period of confined mourning ;
( 3) the relief or maintenance of the members of the society
when out of employment, or when in distressed circum-
stances, or in the case of shipwreck, or in case of loss or
damage of or to boats or nets ;
( 4 ) the endowment of members of the society or nominees of
members at any age or on marriage ;
( 5 ) insuring money to be paid to a member of the society on
the duration for a specified period of his life or the life
of the husband or wife of the member, either with or
without provision for the payment of mon money in the event
or his or her death before the expiry of that period ;
(6 ) insuring against fire, to any amount not exceeding £15,
the tools or implements of the trade or calling of the
members of the society ; or
( 7 ) guaranteeing the performance of their duties by officers
and servants of the society or any branch thereof.
c .46
1454 Friendly Societies Act 1974
Section 7(2) . SCHEDULE 2
MATTERS TO BE PROVIDED FOR BY THE RULES OF SOCIETIES
REGISTERED UNDER THIS ACT
PART I
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ALL SOCIETIES
1. The name of the society.
2. The place which is to be the registered office of the society,
to which all communications and notices may be addressed .
3 .- (1) Subject to sub -paragraph (2 ) below, the whole of the
objects for which the society is to be established, the purposes for
which the funds thereof shall be applicable, the terms of admission
of members, the conditions under which any member may become
entitled to any benefit assured by the society, and the fines and
forfeitures to be imposed on any member and the consequences of
non- payment of any subscription or fine.
( 2) Nothing in sub-paragraph (1) above shall require the inclusion
in the rules of a registered society of tables relating to the benefits
payable to or in respect of any members of the society in pursuance
of approved group insurance business , as defined in section 65 of
this Act.
4. The mode of holding meetings and right of voting, and the
manner of making, altering or rescinding rules.
5. The appointment and removal of a committee of management
( by whatever name), of a treasurer and other officers and of trustees
and, in the case of a society with branches, the composition and
powers of the central body and the conditions under which a branch
may secede from the society.
6. The investment of the funds, the keeping of the accounts and
the audit of the accounts at least once a year.
7. Annual returns to the registrar relating to the affairs and
numbers of members of the society.
8. The inspection of the books of the society by every person
having an interest in the funds of the society.
9. The manner in which disputes shall be settled.
10. In the case of dividing societies , a provision for meeting all
claims upon the society existing at the time of division before any
such division takes place.
11 .- (1 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
nothing in paragraph 3 above requires the rules of a society to
contain tables in accordance with which obligations to provide benefits
to members have been undertaken or policies of assurance have
been issued by the society, if the rules of the society provide that
no further obligations may be undertaken or ( as the case may be)
no further policies may be issued in accordance with any such
tables.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph (1) above and sub-paragraph (3)
below, the tables which the rules of a registered society are required
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1455
c . 46
to contain by virtue of paragraph 3 above and any tables contained
SCH. 2
in the rules of a branch shall, in the case of a society or branch
which proposes to carry on long-term business within the meaning
of the Insurance Companies Act 1974, be tables which, in so far 1974 с. 49.
as they relate to that business, have been certified by a qualified
actuary.
(3) Sub- paragraph (2) above does not apply-
(a ) to a society first registered before 26th July 1968, nor
( b ) to a branch of such a society, nor
( c ) to a society formed by the amalgamation of two or more
such societies .
PART II
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FRIENDLY SOCIETIES AND
CATTLE INSURANCE SOCIETIES
12. The keeping of proper accounts in accordance with section
29 of this Act and the keeping of a separate account of the expenses
of management and of all contributions and other moneys which
may be applied to those expenses .
13. Except with respect to cattle insurance societies , such periodic
valuation or valuations (if any ) of the assets and liabilities of the
society as a whole, or of the assets and liabilities of the society in
respect of any particular business or businesses conducted by the
society, as may from time to time be required by law in the case
of that society.
14. The voluntary dissolution of the society by consent of three-
quarters in number of the members.
15. The right of one-fifth of the total number of members, or of
100 members in the case of a society of not less than 1,000 members
and not more than 10,000, or of 500 members in the case of a
society of more than 10,000 members, to apply to the Chief Registrar
or, in the case of societies registered and doing business exclusively
in Scotland, to the assistant registrar for Scotland, for an investiga-
tion of the affairs of the society or for winding it up.
SCHEDULE 3
FORMS OF BOND FOR OFFICERS OF REGISTERED SOCIETIES
AND BRANCHES
Form applicable in the central registration area
Know all men by these presents, that we, A.B. of
, one of the officers of the
Section 27.
Society [or of the
branch of the
Society] having its registered office at
, in the county of
and C.D. of
( as surety on behalf of
the said A.B.), are jointly and severally held and firmly bound
toE.F. of
, G.H. of
and I.K. of
,
the trustees of the said society [or branch], in the sum of
с . 46
1456 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 3 to be paid to the said E.F., G.H. and I.K., as such trustees or their
successors, trustees for the time being, or their certain attorney ;
for which payment well and truly to be made we jointly and severally
bind ourselves, and each of us by himself our and each of our heirs,
executors, and administrators, firmly by these presents. Sealed with
our seals . Dated the day of
in the year of our Lord
Whereas the above- bounden A.B. has been duly appointed to the
office of
ofthe
the
branch of the
Society [or of Society]
having its registered office situate as aforesaid, and he, together with
the above-bounden C.D. as his surety, have entered into the above-
written bond, subject to the condition herein-after contained: Now
therefore the condition of the above-written bond is such, that if the
said A.B. do render a just and true account of all moneys received
and paid by him on account of the said society [or branch] , at such
times as the rules thereof appoint, and do pay over all the moneys
remaining in his hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all pro-
perty (including books and papers) belonging to the said society [or
branch] in his hands or custody to such person or persons as the
said society [or branch] , or the trustees or committee of management
thereof, shall appoint, according to the rules of the said society [or
branch] , together with the proper and legal receipts or vouchers for
such payments, then the above-written bond shall be void, otherwise
shall remain in full force.
Sealed and delivered in the presence of
[ two witnesses.]
Form applicable in Scotland
I, A.B. of
, hereby bind and oblige myself,
to the extent of £
at most, as cautioner for C.D. ,
a person employed by the
Society [ or the
branch of the
Society] , that he, the said C.D., shall on demand faithfully and truly
account for all moneys received and paid to him for behoof of the
said society [or branch] , and also assign and transfer or deliver all
property (including books and papers) belonging to the said society
[ or branch] in his hands or custody, and that to such person or
persons as the said society [or branch], or the trustees thereof shall
appoint, according to the rules of the said society [or branch] .
Dated at this
dayof
Signature of Cautioner.
E.F. of witness.
G.H. of witness.
The above bond shall not require a testing clause or subscription
clause, and may be wholly printed, or partly written and partly
printed .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1457
SCHEDULE 4
FORM OF RECEIPT TO BE ENDORSED ON MORTGAGE
OR FURTHER CHARGE
The trustees of the
the Society [or
branch of the .......
.Society] hereby acknowledge to have received
all moneys intended to be secured by the within [ or above] written
deed .
Signed [Signatures of Trustees] Trustees
Countersigned [ Signature of Secretary] Secretary
SCHEDULE 5
DEATH CERTIFICATES IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS REFERRED
TO IN SECTION 72
1. A registered friendly society or a branch of such a society shall
not, by virtue of or in connection with any relevant insurance of
money to be paid on the death of a parent or grandparent of the
person by whom the insurance was taken out, pay to that person
on the death any sum not excluded for the purposes of subsection
( 2 ) of section 72 of this Act by subsection ( 3)(a ) thereof, except upon
production of a certificate of death for the purposes of this Schedule
stated therein to be issued to the person to whom the payment is
made, unless the death occurred outside Great Britain.
2. On so making payment of any such sum the society or branch
shall cause to be endorsed on the certificate a statement showing-
( a ) the name of the society or branch ;
( b ) the amount of any such sum paid ;
( c ) the date of the contract for the insurance ;
and on receiving any repayment of a sum so paid by virtue of, or in
connection with, an insurance effected in exercise of the power
conferred by paragraph ( 2)( d ) of Schedule 1 to this Act, the society
or branch shall cause to be endorsed on the certificate a statement
showing the repayment.
3. Where a registered friendly society or a branch of such a society
is charged with a contravention of subsection ( 2) of section 72 of
this Act, in respect of the payment by the society or branch of a
sum which exceeded the limit of £ 30 imposed by paragraph (b) or
paragraph (c) of that subsection in consequence of the addition, as
thereby required, of another sum paid by virtue of or in connection
with any other relevant insurance, or of two or more other sums so
paid, and which would not have exceeded that limit apart from that
addition , it shall be a defence for the society or branch charged to
prove-
( a ) that the sum in respect of which they are charged was paid
in accordance with paragraph 1 above ; and
Section 57.
Sections 72, 73.
c.46
1458 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 5
1948 с. 39.
( b ) that the certificate produced disclosed no payment by any
other registered society or branch or by a company of any
sum or sums required by paragraph (b) or paragraph ( c)
of section 72( 2) of this Act to be added, or disclosed such a
payment but only to an amount insufficient to cause the
sum in respect of which they are charged to exceed that
limit;
subject, however, in the case of a certificate which is a duplicate to
the provisions of paragraph 6 below.
4. Certificates of death for the purposes of this Schedule and of
Schedule 1 to the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act
1948 (which makes provision corresponding to this Schedule but in
relation to industrial assurance companies), and applications for the
issue thereof, shall be in such form as may from time to time be
specified by the Registrar General, including, in the case of such a
certificate, a statement that it is issued for the purposes of this
Schedule and of that Schedule, and particulars of the name and
address of the person to whom the certificate is issued, and of his
relationship ( whether child, grandchild or stepchild) to the deceased,
as stated in the application.
5.- (1 ) Regulations shall be paid by the Registrar General by
statutory instrument as to the issue of certificates for the purposes
of this Schedule and of Schedule 1 to the Industrial Assurance and
Friendly Societies Act 1948 and the regulations shall provide for
securing that, except as mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below, more
than one certificate of the same death for the purposes of this
Schedule and of that Schedule shall not be issued to the same
person.
(2 ) Regulations under this paragraph shall provide for the issue to
a person to whom a certificate of a death for the purposes of this
Schedule and of Schedule 1 to the Industrial Assurance and Friendly
Societies Act 1948 has been issued of a duplicate thereof in the
event of the loss or destruction of the certificate which it replaces,
subject to conditions for requiring-
(a ) the making by that person of a statutory declaration stating
that the certificate which the duplicate replaces has been
lost or destroyed, and stating whether any endorsement has
been made on that certificate, and if so, by what registered
society or branch or company ; and
( b ) if it is so stated that an endorsement has been made on
that certificate by any registered society or branch or com-
pany, the recording on the duplicate of a requirement that
it is to be produced to that society, branch or company
for having the endorsement repeated on the duplicate ; and
( c ) the surrender for destruction of the certificate which the
duplicate replaces in the event of its being recovered.
6. On production to a registered society or branch of a duplicate
which records a requirement for an endorsement made by the society
or branch to be repeated as mentioned in paragraph 5 above, the
society or branch shall cause the duplicate to be endorsed accordingly ,
and paragraph 3 above shall not apply in the case of a certificate
c .46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1459
which is a duplicate whereon such a requirement is recorded unless
SCH. 5
the duplicate has been endorsed by the society or branch or company
in question.
7. Any collecting society or branch thereof which contravenes or
fails to comply with any of the provisions of this Schedule shall be
guilty of an offence under the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 .
1923 с. 8.
8. The fee payable on the issue of a certificate of death for the
purposes of this Schedule and of Schedule 1 to the Industrial Assur- 1948 с. 39.
ance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 is 15p.
9. The Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to a statutory 1946 c. 36.
instrument containing regulations made for the purposes of this
Schedule and of Schedule 1 to the Industrial Assurance and Friendly
Societies Act 1948 in the same manner as if it had been made by a
Minister of the Crown.
10.- ( 1 ) In the application of this Schedule to Scotland, " Registrar-
"
General means the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and
Marriages for Scotland.
( 2) Subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of section 72 of this Act shall apply
in relation to this Schedule as they apply in relation to that section.
SCHEDULE 6
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE WHERE PERSON ASSURED IS RESIDENT
OUTSIDE THE UNITED KINGDOM AND ISLE OF MAN
1.- ( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in Schedule 1 to this Act, a
society is a friendly society for the purposes of this Act (and may be
registered as such ) if it is a society for the purpose of providing by
voluntary subscriptions of the members thereof, with or without the
aid of donations, for insuring money to be paid for the funeral
expenses of any of the persons mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below,
where, subject to the provisions of any Order in Council under section
7 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948, at the
time of the proposal the person in question is ordinarily resident
outside the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man.
( 2) The persons referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above are the
husband, wife or child of a member or the widow of a deceased
member.
2.- ( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in Schedule 1 to this Act and
subject to section 72 of this Act and sub-paragraph (3) below, among
the purposes for which a registered friendly society may issue policies
of insurance shall be included insuring money to be paid to a
member on the duration for a specified period of the life of any
of the persons mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below where, subject
to the provisions of any Order in Council under section 7 of the
Section 74.
c .46
1460 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 6
1948 с. 39.
Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948, the life in
question is that of a person who at the time of the proposal is ordi-
narily resident outside the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man ;
and such a policy may include provision for the payment of money
in the event of the death of that person before the expiration of the
specified period.
( 2 ) The persons referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above are a
parent, child, grandparent, grandchild, brother or sister of the member
in question.
( 3) No such society shall insure or pay on the death of any person
under such a policy any sum of money exceeding a reasonable
amount for funeral expenses.
( 4) The issuing of such policies by a collecting society shall, unless
the premiums in respect thereof are payable at intervals of two
months or more, be treated as part of the industrial assurance busi-
ness of the society.
(5) This paragraph and so much of paragraph 4 below as relates
to this paragraph shall in their application to collecting societies be
construed as one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to 1968.
3. A registered friendly society or branch thereof shall not in
pursuance of paragraph 1 or 2 above insure or pay on the death of
a child under the ages hereinafter specified any sum of money which
exceeds or which, when added to any amount payable on the death
of that child by any other such society or branch or by any trade
union or industrial assurance company, exceeds the amounts herein-
after specified , that is to say-
(a ) in the case of a child under 3 years of age, £6 ;
( b ) in the case of a child under 6 years of age, £10 ;
( c ) in the case of a child under 10 years of age, £15.
4.- (1) For the purpose of calculating the maximum sum which
may be insured or paid under paragraph 2 or 3 above no account
shall be taken of any repayment of the whole or any part of the
premiums paid in respect of any endowment policy, or in respect of
a policy or other contract insuring money to be paid on marriage, and
paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 below shall not apply as respects any such
repayment.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " endowment policy " has the same meaning
as in section 75 of this Act.
5.- (1) Notwithstanding anything in section 70 of this Act, a
registered friendly society or branch shall not in pursuance of para-
graph 1 or 2 above pay any sum on the death of a child under 10
years of age except upon production by the person claiming payment
of a certificate of death issued by the registrar of deaths, or other
person having the care of the register of deaths, in accordance with
the following provisions of this paragraph .
c .46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1461
( 2) Where application is made for a certificate of the death of a
SCH. 6
child for the purpose of sub-paragraph (1) above, the name of the
society or branch and the sum sought to be obtained therefrom shall
be stated to the registrar of deaths.
( 3) The registrar shall write on or at the foot of the certificate
the words " to be produced to the society or branch
( naming it ) said to be liable for payment of the sum of £
( stating the amount) ".
( 4 ) All certificates of the same death given for the purpose of sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above shall be numbered in consecutive order.
6.- (1) A registrar of deaths shall not give for the purpose of
paragraph 5( 1) above any one or more certificates of death for the
payment in the whole of any sum of money exceeding £6 on the
death of a child under 3 years, £10 on the death of a child under
6 years or £15 on the death of a child under 10 years.
( 2) A registrar of deaths shall not grant any such certificate for
the said purpose unless the cause of death has been previously
entered in the register of deaths on the certificate of a coroner or of
a registered medical practitioner who attended the child during its
last illness, or except upon the production of a certificate of the
probable cause of death under the hand of a registered medical prac-
titioner or of other satisfactory evidence thereof.
7. A registered friendly society or branch to which is produced
for the purpose of paragraph 5(1) above a certificate of the death of
achild which does not purport to be the first shall, before paying
any money thereon, inquire whether any and what sums of money
have been paid on the same death by any other society or branch.
8. Nothing in this Schedule respecting payments on the death of
children shall apply to insurances on the lives of children of any
age, where the person insuring has an interest in the life of the
person insured.
9. Section 7 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 c. 39.
1948 ( which confers power by Order in Council to provide for extend-
ing the application of certain provisions of that Act originally limited
to persons resident in Great Britain and for consequential amendment
of provsions of that Act) shall have effect as if section 74 of this
Act and paragraphs 1 and 2 above were provisions of that Act and
for the consequential amendment of which provision may accord-
ingly be made by Order in Council under that section.
SCHEDULE 7
Section 107.
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 107 OF THIS ACT TO HAVE EFFECT UNTIL
COMING INTO FORCE OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT 1973
107.- (1) Subject to any exceptions or conditions prescribed by
regulations of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State shall at
c.46
1462 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 7 1965 с. 51 .
1965 с. 52.
the request of any person claiming benefit from a registered friendly
society or branch provide the society or branch for the purposes of
the claim with a copy or abstract of any medical certificate relating
to that person and supplied by him to the Secretary of State for
purposes of the Insurance Acts.
In this section " the Insurance Acts " means the National Insurance
Acts 1965 to 1974 and the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries)
Acts 1965 to 1974.
( 2 ) Where the Secretary of State furnishes a registered friendly
society or branch, in connection with a claim for benefit from the
society or branch, with information relating to a claim or award
under the Insurance Acts, the expenses incurred in connection there-
with by the Secretary of State or any other government department
shall be treated as expenses in carrying into effect either the National
Insurance Act 1965 or the National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries)
Act 1965, as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate.
Section 108. SCHEDULE 8
WOMEN'S AUXILIARY SERVICES
1. Member of Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Corps ,
or any reserve thereof.
2. Member of the Women's Royal Naval Service.
3. Woman medical or dental practitioner serving in the Royal Navy
or any naval reserve.
4. Member of Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps,
or any reserve thereof.
5. Member of the Women's Royal Army Corps.
6. Women employed with the Royal Army Medical Corps, or the
Army Dental Corps with relative rank as an officer .
7. Member of Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service or
any reserve thereof.
8. Member of the Women's Royal Air Force.
9. Women employed with the Medical Branch or Dental Branch
of the Royal Air Force with relative rank as an officer.
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1463
SCHEDULE 9
AMENDMENTS OF OTHER ENACTMENTS
The Friendly Societies Act 1896 (c. 25)
1. In section 22(2) of the Friendly Societies Act 1896 for the
words " This section " there shall be substituted the words " Section
52 of the Friendly Societies Act 1974 ".
The Industrial Assurance Act 1923 (c. 8)
2. In section 3 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923, after the
word " provisions " there shall be inserted the words " of sections 72
and 73 of the Friendly Societies Act 1974 as they apply to collecting
societies and " .
3. In section 8 of the said Act-
( a ) in subsection (2)( b) , for the words " except where section
"
10( 2 ) of the Friendly Societies Act 1971 applies there
shall be substituted the words " subject to subsection (4)
of this section " ; and
(b) at the end thereof there shall be added the following
subsection : -
" ( 4) Nothing in paragraph (a ) of subsection (2) of this
section shall require the inclusion in the rules of a
collecting society of tables relating to policies issued in
pursuance of approved group insurance business, within
the meaning of section 65 of the Friendly Societies Act
1974, conducted by the society. ".
4. In section 20(1 )(b) of the said Act, after the word " conferred "
there shall be inserted the words " on collecting societies by para-
graph 2( d) of Schedule 1 to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 and on
industrial assurance companies " .
5. In section 36 of the said Act-
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning to
66
application " there shall be substituted the words
" Sections 82 and 83 of the Friendly Societies Act 1974 in
their application ", and after the word " modifications "
there shall be inserted the words—
" (i ) subsections (3) and ( 5) of section 82 shall be
omitted ; and " ;
( b) in subsection ( 2), for the words " The said sections " there
shall be substituted the words " Sections 82 and 83 of that
Act ", for the words " subsection ( 3) of the said section 1 "
there shall be substituted the words " subsection (2) of
the said section 82 " and the words from " and section
seventy- one " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (c. 39)
6. In section 1 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies
Act 1948, for the words " registered friendly societies " there shall
be substituted the words " collecting societies " .
Section 116(1 ) .
c . 46
1464 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 9 7. In section 2( 5) of the said Act, after the words " 1929 " there
shall be inserted the words " or by any registered friendly society in
exercise of any power conferred by paragraph (2)( d ) of Schedule 1
to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 or paragraph 2 of Schedule 6 to
that Act".
8. In section 7 of the said Act, after the words " section six
thereof " there shall be inserted the words " and section 71 of, and
paragraph (2)( d ) of Schedule 1 to, the Friendly Societies Act 1974 " .
9. In section 10 of the said Act, in subsection (1) as originally
enacted, for the words " one shilling " there shall be substituted the
words " ten pence ".
10.- (1) In section 11 (1) of the said Act-
(a ) for the words from " Subsections ( 2) " to " this Act ", where
next occurring, there shall be substituted the words
" Sections 72 and 73( 2) of the Friendly Societies Act 1974 " ;
( b ) for the words " the First Schedule to this Act ", in both
places where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" Schedule 5 to the said Act of 1974 " ; and
( c ) for the words " section two ( 2 ) of this Act" there shall be
substituted the words " section 72(1) of the said Act of
1974 " .
( 2 ) In section 11( 2) of the said Act, after the words " this Act "
there shall be inserted the words " and of the said Act of 1974 " .
11. In section 12( 2 ) of the said Act, the words " A collecting
society and " shall be omitted and at the end of the subsection there
shall be inserted the words " and a collecting society shall cause to
be set out, in every premium receipt book provided by them after
the coming into operation of the Friendly Societies Act 1974 for use
in respect of policies of industrial assurance, the matters specified in
that Schedule relating to the provisions mentioned in that Schedule of
the Act of 1923, of this Act, of the said Act of 1974 and of regula-
tions made for the purposes of the said section 8 " .
12. In section 16( 4) of the said Act, for the words " Act of 1896 "
there shall be substituted the words " Friendly Societies Act 1974 ".
13. In section 23( 1 ) (a) of the said Act, for the words " section eight
of the Act of 1896 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule
1 to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 ", and after the words " that
Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Friendly Societies
Act 1896 ".
14. In Schedule 1 to the said Act-
( a ) in paragraph 3, for the words " such society or company
and the words in sub-paragraph (b) " society or company
there shall be substituted the words "company or by a
registered friendly society ” ;
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1465
( b ) for paragraph 4 there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
" 4. The provisions of paragraphs 4, 5, 8, 9 and 10
of Schedule 5 to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 shall
apply in relation to certificates of death for the purposes
of this Schedule and the issue of duplicates thereof " ;
and
( c ) in paragraph 6 for the words " as mentioned in the last
preceding paragraph, the society or company " there shall
be substituted the words " in accordance with regulations
under paragraph 5 of Schedule 5 to the Friendly Societies
Act 1974, the company ".
SCH. 9
15. In Schedule 3 to the said Act-
( a ) in paragraph ( b), after the words " section 2 " there shall
be inserted the words " (in the case of industrial assurance
companies only) " ;
( b) in paragraph ( c ), at the beginning there shall be inserted
the words " In the case of industrial assurance companies
only ", and at the end there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
" ( d ) In the case of collecting societies only, as to the
following provisions of the Friendly Societies Act 1974,
a statement which in the opinion of the Commissioner
sufficiently sets forth the effect thereof-
Section 71(1) to ( 4 )
Payments on deaths of
and Schedule
6
children under 10 years
paragraph 3
ofage.
Sections 72 and 73(2)
Insurances on life of parent
or grandparent ; limit on
amount and prohibition
of assignment or charge.
Schedule 5
Death certificates in connec-
tion with payments
referred to in section 72
of that Act."
The Friendly Societies Act 1955 (4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 19)
16. In section 9 of the Friendly Societies Act 1955, in subsections
( 1) and ( 2 ) as originally enacted, and in the provision substituted for
the said subsection ( 2) by paragraph 17 of Schedule 27 to the Social 1973 с. 38 .
Security Act 1973, for the words " friendly society " and " society ",
in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words
" trade union ", and subsection ( 3) shall be omitted.
The Mental Health ( Scotland ) Act 1960 (с. 61)
17. In section 92 of the Mental Health ( Scotland ) Act 1960, at
the end of subsection ( 5 ), there shall be added the words " and of
Schedule 5 to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 " .
c .46
1466 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 9 The Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 ( c. 12 )
18. In section 11 of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act
1965-
(a ) in subsection (1), for the words " section 8(1) of the Societies
( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1940 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 47( 1) of the Friendly Societies
Act 1974 " ;
(b ) in subsection ( 2), for the words " said Act of 1940 " there
shall be substituted the words " Societies ( Miscellaneous
Provisions) Act 1940 ".
The Administration of Estates (Small Payments ) Act 1965 (c. 32)
19. In section 5(1) of the Administration of Estates (Small Pay-
ments) Act 1965, after the words " of this Act " there shall be
inserted the words "
or to section 66(1) and (2), 67 or 68 of the
Friendly Societies Act 1974 ".
20. In section 6 of the said Act of 1965-
( a ) in subsection (1), in paragraph (b) the word " and ", where
first occurring, shall be omitted, after the words " Parlia-
mentary and other Pensions Act 1972 " there shall be
inserted the words " and section 68 of the Friendly Societies
Act 1974 " and after paragraph ( d ) there shall be inserted
the words66 ; and
( e ) sections 66 and 67 of the said Act of 1974 (which
contain provisions similar to the enactments to which
section 2 of this Act relates but subject to a limit of
£500) " ;
( b) in subsection (2), at the end thereof there shall be inserted
the words " and that any such order made by virtue of
subsection ( 1 )(e) of this section shall apply in relation to
any nomination delivered at or sent to the appropriate
office, or made in the appropriate book, after the expiration
of a period of one month beginning with the date on
which the order comes into force ".
The Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1968 ( c. 14 )
21. In Schedule 3 to the Public Expenditure and Receipts Act
1968, in column 1, in paragraph 1( b) for the words " The Friendly
Societies Act 1896 ( c. 25 ) section 97 " there shall be substituted the
words " The Friendly Societies Act 1974 (c. 46 ) section 106 and
Schedule 5, paragraph 8 " and the words " The Industrial Assurance
and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (c. 39) Schedule 1 , paragraph 7 "
shall be omitted.
The Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies
Act 1968 (c. 55 )
22. In section 17( 2) of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1968, for the words from “ "
an actuary to the end
of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " a qualified
actuary within the meaning of the Friendly Societies Act 1974." .
c. 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1467
The Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (c. 10)
23. In section 337 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970-
(a ) in subsection ( 2) for the words " section 8(1)(b) or (d )
or ( dd ) of the Friendly Societies Act 1896 " there shall be
66
substituted the words any of paragraphs (2), ( 4) and (5)
of Schedule 1 to the Friendly Societies Act 1974 " , and
for the words " section 8(1)(a) of the Friendly Societies
Act 1896 " there shall be substituted the words " para-
graph ( 1 ) of the said Schedule 1 " ;
( b) in subsection (5)(b), for the words " 1896 " there shall be
substituted the words " 1974 " and for the words " that
Act or provision as it applies " there shall be substituted
the words " the corresponding enactment or provision for
the time being in force ".
SCH. 9
SCHEDULE 10
Section 116( 2) .
TRANSITORY PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
1. In so far as any regulation, order, application, nomination or
reference made, registration effected, acknowledgement issued, notice,
report or other document given or sent or other thing done, under
or by virtue of an enactment repealed by this Act could have been
made, effected, issued, given, sent or done under or by virtue of the
corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by
the repeal effected by section 116(4) of this Act but shall have effect
as if made, effected, issued, given, sent or done under or by virtue
of that corresponding provision.
2. Without prejudice to section 116(1) of, and Schedule 9 to,
this Act, where any enactment or document refers, either expressly
or by implication, to an enactment repealed by this Act, the reference
shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed
as , or as including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this
Act .
3. Where a period of time specified in an enactment repealed by
this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall
have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in
force when that period began to run.
4. A conviction of an offence under an enactment repealed by
this Act shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a con-
viction of an offence under the corresponding provision of this Act.
5. If the rules of a registered society in force at the commencement
of this Act were in force on 1st January 1909 and provide for the
admission as members of persons from the minimum age authorised
by the Friendly Societies Act 1896, the rules shall be construed as 1896 c. 25.
providing for the admission as members of persons from birth.
c.46
1468 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 10
1929 с. 28.
1896 с. 25.
1962 с. 37.
1923 с. 8.
1967 с. 81 .
6.- (1 ) Any endowment policy issued before 1st January 1924
which would have been in force on that date if the Industrial Assur-
ance and Friendly Societies Act 1929 had been in operation on and
from the date on which the policy was issued shall be deemed for the
purposes of section 75 of this Act to have been in force on 1st
January 1924 and, in the case of a policy of the description men-
tioned in paragraph 2 of Schedule 6 to this Act, to have been issued
in accordance with section 1 of the said Act of 1929, and as respects
any endowment policy in force on, or issued since, 1st January 1924
and before 10th May 1929, the said Act of 1929 shall be deemed
to have been in operation on and from the date on which the policy
was issued.
In this sub-paragraph " endowment policy " and " policy " have the
same meanings respectively as in section 75 of this Act.
( 2) This paragraph in its application to collecting societies shall
be construed as one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to
1968.
7. If, immediately before the passing of this Act-
( a ) the Friendly Societies Act 1896 applied to any society or
branch by virtue only of subsection (1) of section 101 of
that Act, or
( b) any provision of the rules of a friendly society or branch was
valid by virtue only of subsection ( 2) of that section,
then, on and after the commencement of this Act, this Act shall
apply to that society or branch or, as the case may require, that
provision of the rules of the friendly society or branch shall con-
tinue to be valid, notwithstanding any provision of this Act to the
contrary.
8. The repeal by this Act of section 2( 1) of the Friendly Societies
Act 1896 shall not affect the construction of any reference in any
enactment passed before that Act to the barrister appointed to certify
the rules of savings banks .
9. The repeal by this Act of the Friendly Societies Act 1896 shall
not affect the operation of section 132( 5) of the Building Societies
Act 1962 ( which preserved the power to make regulations under that
Act for certain purposes and certain regulations thereunder) .
10. The repeal by this Act of sections 103 and 104 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1896 shall not extend to those sections as they apply
by virtue of section 45( 3) of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923
or section 108 of the Companies Act 1967.
11. Until such time as a form for the purposes is prescribed by
regulations under section 109 of this Act, for the purpose of each of
the acknowledgements specified in Parts I and II of Schedule 2 to
the Friendly Societies Act 1896 the appropriate form set out in those
Parts of that Schedule shall be used.
12. Nothing in section 66 or section 67 of this Act shall affect
the total amount payable by a registered society or branch in
pursuance of a nomination which was before 5th September 1965
delivered at or sent to the registered office of the society or branch
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1469
or made in a book kept at that office, and in the case of any such SCH. 10
nomination, the said amount shall continue to be limited to £100,
or, where section 5(1) of the Friendly Societies Act 1955 applied 1955 с. 19
in relation to the nomination, £200.
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2) .
13. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice any insurance effected before
the passing of this Act in exercise of the powers conferred on regis-
fore the
tered friendly societies and branches, before the coming into force
of section 1 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 c. 39.
1948, by section 8( 1)(b) of the Friendly Societies Act 1896 or section 1
of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1929.
1929 с. 28.
14. Nothing in this Act shall affect the continued operation, in
relation to registered societies and branches, of the following provi-
sions ( which relate to the making, within limited periods, of amend-
ments in the rules of registered societies and branches consequential
on the provisions of certain enactments) namely-
( a ) section 15( 2) of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly
Societies Act 1948 ; and
( b ) section 12 of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident 1968 с. 55.
Societies Act 1968 .
SCHEDULE 11
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Section 116(4).
Chapter
59 & 60 Vict.
с. 25.
61 & 62 Vict.
c. 15.
8 Edw. 7. c. 32.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Friendly Societies The wholeAct except section 22
Act 1896.
and except sections 62 and 64
to 67 as they apply to indus-
trial assurance companies.
In section 22, subsection ( 1)
and in subsection ( 3) the
words " society or " .
The whole Act.
The Societies' Borrowing
Powers Act 1898 .
The Friendly Societies
Act 1908.
The War Loan ( Supple-
mental Provisions) Act
1915.
The whole Act.
5 & 6 Geo. 5.
с. 93.
In section 8, in subsection (1)
the words " of any registered
friendly society or any branch
thereof , or and the words
" society " and " or branch "
in each place where they
subsequently occur; in sub-
sections (2) and (3) the words
society " and " or branch " .“
13 & 14Geo. 5. The Industrial Assurance In section 4 ( 2 ), the words "A
c. 8. Act 1923 . collecting society or " .
In section 36, in subsection (2)
the words from " and section
seventy- one " to the end of
the subsection.
1470 Friendly Societies Act 1974
c .46
SCH. 11
Chapter
14 & 15 Geo. 5.
с. 11.
19 &20Geo. 5.
c. 28.
Short Title
The Friendly Societies
Act 1924.
The Industrial Assurance
and Friendly Societies
Act 1929.
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Societies (Miscel-
c. 19. laneous Provisions) Act
1940.
11 & 12Geo. 6. The Industrial Assurance
c. 39. and Friendly Societies
Act 1948.
Extent of Repeal
The whole Act.
In section 1 , in subsection (1 )
the words " registered friendly
societies and ", the words
" member or " and the words
66 society or " , in subsection
( 2 ) , the words " a collecting
society or " and the words
" society or " , and subsection
( 3 ).
In section 3, in subsection (1),
the words from " and if any
to the end, in subsection (3 ),
the words " a collecting
society or " and the words
from " and no "
to the end,
and subsection (4) .
In section 5, in subsection (1) ,
the words from " and this
Act " , where last occurring,
to the end and in subsection
( 3) the words " to the Friendly
Societies Act 1896 and " , the
words collecting societies
"
and and the words from
66
and in its " to the end.
Sections 8 to 10 and 12.
In section 1, the words " the
Friendly Societies Act 1896 ",
the words " the Act of 1896
, ;
and paragraph (a) .
In section 2, in subsection (1 ),
the words " registered friendly
societies and ", the words " to
the member ( in the case of
such a society) or " and the
words " (in the case of such
a company) "; and in sub-
section ( 2) the words " society
or ".
Section 3 .
In section 4, the words " 1896".
In section 6, in subsection (1 )
the words "A society (whether
registered or unregistered) "
and in subsection ( 2), the
words " both as it applies to
societies and ".
Section 15.
In section 16, subsection (1 ),
in subsection (2) , the proviso,
in subsection ( 4 ) the words
"Any society not being a
registered society and " and
subsection (5) .
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1471
SCH. 11
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
11 & 12Geo. 6.
c. 39. -cont.
The Industrial Assurance
and Friendly Societies
Act 1948-cont.
Section 17.
Section 18(1) .
Section 19.
In section 25, in subsection
( 2 ) , the words from " and this
Act " to the end, and in
subsection (4) the words from
" and in its application " to
the end.
In Schedule 1 , in paragraph
66
1 the words registered
friendly society or " ; in para-
graph 2 the words " society
or in each place where they
occur; in paragraph 3 the
words " society or " in the
first two places where they
occur and in the last place
where they occur before sub-
paragraph (a) ; paragraph 5 ;
in paragraph 6 the words
society or " in the first place
where they occur; paragraphs
7 to 9.
In Schedule 2, the entries
relating to the Friendly
Societies Act 1896.
Schedule 4.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Friendly Societies Sections 1 and 2.
c. 19. Act 1955.
In section 3, subsections (1),
( 4 ) and (5 ) .
Section 4.
In section 5, in subsection ( 1 ) ,
paragraph (a) , and subsection
( 2 ).
Section 8.
In section 9, subsection ( 3).
Section 10.
In section 11 , subsection (2)
and in subsection (3), para-
graph (a) .
4 & 5 Eliz. 2. с. 54.
The Finance Act 1956 .
In section 26(2), the words
66
registered friendly society
or " and the words " society
or ".
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Industrial Assurance
с. 27. and Friendly Societies
Act, 1948 (Amendment)
Act 1958.
In section 1, in subsection (1),
the words " registered friendly
society or " .
In section 3, in subsection (2) ,
the words from " and this
Act " to the end and in sub-
section (3) the words from
" and, in its " to the end.
1965 с. 32. The Administration of
Estates (Small Payments)
Act 1965.
In Schedule 1, in Part I, the
entry relating to the Friendly
Societies Act 1896.
In Schedule 2, and in Schedule
3, the entry relating to the
Friendly Societies Act 1896.
c . 46
1472 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 11
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966. 1967 с. 80. The Criminal Justice Act 1967.
1968 с. 14. The Public Expenditure
and Receipts Act 1968.
1968 с. 55. The Friendly and Indus-
trial and Provident
Societies Act 1968.
Section 29( 4) and ( 9) .
In Schedule 8, Part II .
InSchedule 3, inPart I, the entry
relating to section 89 of the
Friendly Societies Act 1896.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph
1( b ) , the words from " The
Industrial " to " paragraph
7".
In section 3, in subsection ( 4 ),
the words from " (a ) in "
to " other society " , sub-
section (6 ) and in subsection
( 9) the words " under the Act
of 1896 or " , the words " (as
the case may be ) " and the
words " under either of those
Acts".
In section 4, in subsection (2) ,
the words "(not being a
collecting society ) " ; sub-
section (3) ; in subsection ( 4),
the words " or ( 3) " ; in sub-
section (7)(b) , the words from
“
" of section 27 " to may
be" ; and in subsection (8)(a),
the words from " or for " to
" section " and the words " or
percentage".
In section 7( 2)( a) the words
" under section 30 of the Act
of 1896 or " .
In section 9, subsection (8).
In section 11 , in subsection (1 ) ,
the words from " to the
registrar " to " 1896 or " , the
words " ( as the case may
be ) " , paragraph (a ) and the
words from " and in section
27(2)(b) " to the end; in sub-
section (2) the words " either
of"; in subsection ( 3) the
words " under section 98(3) of
the Act of 1896 or " and the
words " (as the case may
be ) " ; subsection ( 4 ) ; in
subsection (5), the words
" section 39( a) of the Act of
1896 or " , the words "( as
the case may be ) and ", para-
graph (b) and the words
66
from or on that " to the
end ; and subsections (6 ) to
( 8).
In section 12, in subsection
( 2 )(b) the words " under
section 13 of the Act of 1896
c . 46
Friendly Societies Act 1974 1473
SCH. 11
Chapter
1968 с. 55.-
cont.
1969 с. 19.
Part II
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Friendly and Indus-
trial and Provident
Societies Act 1968.-
cont.
or " ; and in subsection ( 3)
the words " in section 13 of
the Act of 1896 or the
words from " after the end "
to " the registrar or " and
the words " (as the case may
be )". Section 16.
In section 17, in subsection (1 ),
the words " in paragraph 2 of
Schedule 1 to the Act of
1896 or " , the words from
" obligations to provide " to
" been undertaken or " and
66
the words from no further
66
obligations " to may be) ",
in subsection ( 2), the words
from " by virtue " to " 1896
or " and subsection (4) .
In section 20(1), the words from
" and (b) " to the end.
In section 21 , in subsection (1 ),
in the definition of " annual
return " the words from " in
relation to " , where those
“
words first occur, to that
Act, and " , in the definition
of " Scottish society ", the
words from " either to
66
1896 or " and the words
"( as the case may be ) ",
in the definition of " society
the words from " either "
to " 1896 or " and in the
definition of year of
66
account " paragraph (a) ; in
subsection (2), paragraph ( a)
and the words " to an offence
falling within section 89 of
the Act of 1896 or " and the
words " (as the case may
require) " .
In section 23, in subsection (2),
the words from " this Act
and" in the second place
where they occur to the
words " 1896 to 1968 " ; and
in subsection ( 4), paragraph
( b ).
In Schedule 1, paragraphs 1
to8.
Schedule 2.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 2,
sub-paragraphs ( a), ( b) and
( c ), and paragraphs 5 and 6.
The Decimal Currency In section 7, subsections (1),
Act 1969. ( 3) and ( 4).
R
c .46
1474 Friendly Societies Act 1974
SCH. 11
Chapter
1969 с. 39.
1969 с. 46.
1970 с. 10.
1971 с. 23 .
1971 с. 66.
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Age of Majority
( Scotland ) Act 1969.
In Schedule 1 the entry relating
to section 36 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1896.
The Family Law Reform
Act 1969.
In Schedule 1 the entry relating
to section 36 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1896.
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
The Courts Act 1971 .
In Schedule 15, paragraph 3( 2)
and(3).
In Schedule 9, in Part I, the
entry relating to the Friendly
Societies Act 1896.
The Friendly Societies The whole Act except sub-
Act 1971. sections (5) and (6 ) of section
11 and subsections ( 4 ) and
( 5 ) of section 15 .
1475
ELIZABETH II
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Solicitors Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 47
An Act to consolidate the Solicitors Acts 1957 to 1974
and certain other enactments relating to solicitors .
[31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
RIGHT TO PRACTISE AS SOLICITOR
Qualifications and training
1. No person shall be qualified to act as a solicitor unless- Qualifications
(a) he has been admitted as a solicitor, and
for practising
as solicitor.
(b ) his name is on the roll, and
( c) he has in force a certificate issued by the Society in
accordance with the provisions of this Part authorising
him to practise as a solicitor ( in this Act referred to as
a " practising certificate ") .66
2.-( 1 ) The Society, with the concurrence of the Lord Chan- Training
cellor, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls, may regulations .
make regulations (in this Act referred to as " training regula-
tions ") about education and training for persons seeking to be
admitted or to practise as solicitors .
R2
c.47
1476 Solicitors Act 1974
PART I Admission
as solicitor.
1949 с. 101 .
( 2) It shall be the Society's duty, before submitting training
regulations to the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice and
the Master of the Rolls for their concurrence under subsection
(1), to consult the Secretary of State or, if he so directs, any
person or body of persons specified in the direction.
( 3) Training regulations-
( a) may prescribe-
(i) the education and training, whether by service
under articles or otherwise, to be undergone by
persons seeking admission as solicitors ;
(ii) any education or training to be undergone by
persons who have been admitted as solicitors ;
(iii) the examinations or other tests to be under-
gone by persons seeking admission as solicitors or
who have been admitted ;
(iv) the qualifications and reciprocal duties and
responsibilities of persons undertaking to give educa-
tion or training for the purposes of the regulations
or undergoing such education or training ; and
( v) the circumstances in which articles may be
discharged or education or training under the regula-
tions may be terminated ;
(b) may require persons who have been admitted as solicitors
tohold practising certificates while they are undergoing
education or training under the regulations ;
( c) may include provision for the charging of fees by the
Society and the application of fees which the Society
receives ;
( d ) may make different provision for different classes of
persons and different circumstances.
Admission
3.-(1 ) Subject to section 4 and to section 20(3) of the Justices
of the Peace Act 1949 ( which relates to the admission as solicitors
of certain persons who have served as assistant to a justices' clerk),
no person shall be admitted as a solicitor unless he has obtained
a certificate from the Society that the Society-
(a) is satisfied that he has complied with training regulations ,
and
(b) is satisfied as to his character and his suitability to be
a solicitor.
( 2 ) Any person who has obtained a certificate that the
Society is satisfied as mentioned in subsection ( 1) may apply
to the Master of the Rolls to be admitted as a solicitor ; and
if any such person so applies , the Master of the Rolls, or a
Solicitors Act 1974 1477
c. 47
judge appointed under subsection (3) to act on his behalf for
the time being, shall, unless cause to the contrary is shown to
his satisfaction, in writing, and in such manner and form as
the Master of the Rolls may from time to time think fit, admit
that person to be a solicitor.
(3) The Master of the Rolls may in writing appoint any
judge of the High Court to act on his behalf for the purpose
of admitting persons to be solicitors under subsection (2) .
PART I
4.- (1 ) Subject to section 5(1), a solicitor of a superior court Admission
in any territory to which this subsection for the time being of certain
applies who has been in practice before that court for not less overseas
than three years may, and a solicitor of such a court who has for solicitors.
not less than three years served bona fide as a clerk to a solicitor
in England and Wales may with the consent of the Council of
the Society, be admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court-
( a ) after giving due notice and the prescribed proof of his
qualifications and good character ; and
(b) after passing the prescribed examination or, in the pre-
scribed cases, without examination ; and
(c) after service under articles during the prescribed period
or, in the prescribed cases, without such service ; and
( d ) on payment of the prescribed amount in respect of fees .
( 2) Where, as respects a superior court in any territory (includ-
ing a part of a territory ) which is part of the Commonwealth
outside the United Kingdom, Her Majesty in Council is satis-
fied-
( a ) that the regulations respecting the admission of solicitors
of that court are such as to secure that those solicitors
possess proper qualifications and competency ; and
(b) that by the law of that territory solicitors of the Supreme
Court will be admitted as solicitors of the superior
court in that territory on terms as favourable as those
on which it is proposed to admit solicitors of that
superior court in pursuance of subsection ( 1) as
solicitors of the Supreme Court,
Her Majesty may by Order in Council apply subsection ( 1 ) to
that superior court and that territory subject to any excep-
tions, conditions and modifications specified in the Order, and by
the same or any subsequent Order in Council may, as respects
that court and territory, provide for all matters authorised by this
section to be prescribed and for all matters appearing to Her
Majesty to be necessary or proper for giving effect to the Order
and to this section .
(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council revoke or vary any
Order previously made under this section.
R3
c.47
1478 Solicitors Act 1974
PART I
1900 с. 14.
Restrictions on
admission of
overseas
solicitors .
Keeping of
the roll.
Entry of name
and restoration
ofname
struck off .
( 4) An Order in Council applying subsection (1) to any court
and providing for the admission of solicitors of that court as
solicitors of the Supreme Court, and an Order in Council applying
the Colonial Solicitors Act 1900 to the same court and providing
for the admission of solicitors of that court as solicitors in
Scotland, may, if convenient, be made together as one Order.
( 5) In this section, " superior court " and " solicitor " mean
respectively, as respects any territory, such court in that territory
and such solicitor, attorney, law agent or other person entitled to
practise as agent in a court of law in that territory as may be
prescribed.
5.- ( 1 ) A person admitted under the Colonial Solicitors Act
1900, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, as
a solicitor in Scotland or in Northern Ireland shall not, while
remaining such a solicitor, be admitted under section 4( 1 ) as a
solicitor of the Supreme Court.
( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) a person who before
1st October 1921 was admitted under the said Act of 1900 as
a solicitor in Ireland shall be deemed to have been admitted
under that Act as a solicitor in Northern Ireland.
( 3) For the purposes of section 6( 2) of the said Act of 1900
( which makes for Scotland and Northern Ireland provision
corresponding to subsection ( 1)) a person admitted as a solicitor
of the Supreme Court under section 4( 1 ) shall be deemed to have
been admitted as a solicitor in England and Wales under that
Act .
The roll
6.-(1 ) The Society shall continue to keep a list of all
solicitors of the Supreme Court, called " the roll ".
( 2) The roll may be kept by means of a computer.
( 3) If the roll is kept by means of a computer, the Society shall
make any entry available for inspection in legible form during
office hours, without payment, by any person who applies to
inspect it.
( 4 ) If the roll is not kept by means of a computer, any person
may inspect it during office hours without payment.
7. On production-
(a) of an admission of any person as a solicitor signed by the
Master of the Rolls or a judge acting for him under
section 3 (2) , or
(b) of an order for the restoration to the roll of the name
of a person whose name has been struck off it,
and on payment to the Society of such fee not exceeding £15
as the Council may from time to time determine, the Society
shall enter the name of that person on the roll.
Solicitors Act 1974 1479
c . 47
8.- (1 ) The Society, on the application of a solicitor, may PART I
remove his name from the roll . Removal or
restoration
( 2) The Society, on the application of a former solicitor whose of name at
name is not on the roll because it has been removed from it, solicitor's
may enter his name on the roll, on payment to the Society of request.
such fee not exceeding £15 as the Council may from time to
time determine.
( 3) The power to enter a name on the roll conferred on the
Society by subsection (2 ) includes power to enter the name of
a person whose name was removed from the roll before the
coming into force of section 5 of the Solicitors (Amendment) 1974 с. 26.
Act 1974.
Practising certificates
9.- ( 1) On receipt of an application for a practising certificate, Applications
the Society shall cause to be entered in a register kept for that for practising
purpose the applicant's full name, his place or places of business certificates.
and the date of his admission.
(2) The register may be kept by means of a computer.
( 3) If the register is kept by means of a computer, the Society
shall make any entry available for inspection in legible form
during office hours, without payment, by any person who applies
to inspect it.
( 4) If the register is not kept by means of a computer, any
person may inspect it during office hours without payment.
( 5) If in, or in relation to, an application for a practising
certificate or a notice under section 84( 1) any person makes any
false statement material to the application or notice, a complaint
in respect of that statement may be made to the Tribunal by
or on behalf of the Society.
10.-( 1 ) Subject to sections 11 and 12, the Society shall issue Issue of
a practising certificate to a person who applies for one, if it is practising
satisfied, within 21 days of receipt of his application, -
certificates .
(a) that his name is on the roll ; and
(b) that he is not suspended from practice ; and
( c ) that his application complies with any regulations under
section 28 ; and
( d ) that he is complying with such training regulations ( if
any) as apply to him ; and
( e) that he is complying with any indemnity rules or is
exempt from them .
R4
1480 Solicitors Act 1974
c . 47
PART I
Fees payable
on issue of
practising certificates .
Discretion of
Society with
respect to
issue of
practising
certificates in
special cases.
( 2) At any time when regulations under section 28 specify a
training condition or training conditions, any practising certi-
ficate issued to an applicant by the Society shall be issued
subject to that condition or one of those conditions if it appears
to the Society that training regulations will apply to him at
the end of 21 days from the Society's receipt of his application.
(3) At any time when regulations under section 28 specify an
indemnity condition or indemnity conditions, any practising
certificate issued to an applicant by the Society shall be issued
subject to that condition or one of those conditions if it appears
to the Society that he will be exempt from indemnity rules at
the end of 21 days from the Society's receipt of his application.
11 .-( 1) Subject to subsection (2), there shall be paid to the
Society in respect of each practising certificate to be issued by
it, before the certificate is issued, such fee as the Master of the
Rolls, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the
Lord Chief Justice, may from time to time by order determine.
( 2) An order under subsection (1) may specify reduced fees
for practising certificates which are issued to a solicitor subject
to a training condition or training conditions during such period
after his admission as may be specified in the order.
(3) All fees received by the Society under subsection ( 1 ) shall
be applied in such manner as the Society may think fit for the
purposes of the Society, including facilitating the acquisition of
legal knowledge.
( 4 ) The Society shall submit annually to the judges mentioned
in subsection (1) an account of all such fees and of their
application and shall cause a copy of the account to be deposited
at the Society's hall for inspection by any solicitor.
12.-(1 ) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) , this section shall
have effect in any case where a solicitor applies for a practising
certificate
(a ) for the first time ; or
(b) not having held a practising certificate free of conditions
since the date of his admission ; or
( c ) when on the first day of the period to which the practis-
ing certificate would, if granted, relate, a period of
twelve months or more will have elapsed since he held
a practising certificate in force ; or
( d ) after the Tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs to
be paid by him or that he be reprimanded ; or
(e ) after he has been invited by the Society to give an
explanation in respect of any matter affecting his
Solicitors Act 1974 1481
c . 47
conduct and has failed to give an explanation in respect
PART I
of that matter which the Council regard as sufficient
and satisfactory, and has been notified in writing by
the Society that he has so failed ; or
( f ) when, having been suspended from practice, the period
of his suspension has expired ; or
( g) when, having had his name removed from or struck
off the roll, his name has been restored to the roll ; or
( h) while he is an undischarged bankrupt or while a
receiving order in bankruptcy is in force against him ;
or
(i ) after having been adjudged bankrupt and having
obtained his discharge or after having entered into a
composition with his creditors or a deed of arrange-
ment for the benefit of his creditors ; or
( j ) while he is a patient as defined by section 101 of the
Mental Health Act 1959 (which relates to the judge's 1959 с. 72.
functions in relation to the patient), or while he is
a person as to whom powers have been exercised
under section 104 of that Act (which relates to the
judge's powers in cases of emergency) ; or
( k) after having been committed to prison in civil or
criminal proceedings ; or
( 1 ) after having had given against him any judgment which
involves the payment of money, not being a judg-
ment-
(i) limited to the payment of costs ; or
(ii) as to the whole effect of which upon him he
is entitled to indemnity or relief from some other
person ; or
( iii) evidence of the satisfaction of which has been
produced to the Society.
(2) Where a practising certificate free of conditions is issued
by the Society under subsection ( 4 ) to a solicitor in relation to
whom this section has effect by reason of any such circumstances
as are mentioned in paragraph (d ) , (e) , ( f ) , (g) , ( i) , (k) or (1 ) of
subsection ( 1), this section shall not thereafter have effect in
relation to that solicitor by reason of those circumstances .
( 3) Where a solicitor's practising certificate is suspended by
virtue of section 15( 1) by reason of his suspension from practice
and the suspension of his practising certificate is terminated
unconditionally under section 16( 4 ) or (5), then, notwithstanding
subsection ( 1) ( f ) , this section shall not thereafter have effect in
relation to that solicitor by reason of that suspension from
practice and the expiry of the period of that suspension .
c.47
1482 Solicitors Act 1974
PART I
Appeals in
connection
with issue of
practising
certificates .
( 4 ) In any case where this section has effect, the applicant
shall, unless the Society or the Master of the Rolls otherwise
orders, give to the Society not less than six weeks before he
applies for a practising certificate notice of his intention so to
apply ; and, subject to subsections (6 ) and (7 ), the Society may
in its discretion-
(a) grant or refuse the application, or
( b) decide to issue a certificate to the applicant subject to
such conditions as the Society may think fit.
(5) Where the Society decides to issue a certificate subject to
conditions, it may, if it thinks fit, postpone the issue of the
certificate pending the hearing and determination of any appeal
under section 13 (2) (b) .
( 6 ) The Society shall not refuse an application by a solicitor
for a practising certificate in a case where this section has effect
by reason only-
( a ) that he is applying for the first time ; or
( b) that he has not held a practising certificate free from
conditions since the date of his admission ;
and, in a case falling within paragraph (b), the certificate shall
not be made subject to any conditions binding on the applicant
in respect of any period more than three years after the date
on which the first practising certificate issued to him had effect.
(7) Where a solicitor applies for a practising certificate in a
case where this section has effect by reason only of any such
circumstances as are mentioned in paragraph (h), (k) or (1 ) of
subsection ( 1) and an appeal has been made to the appropriate
court against the order or judgment in question, the Society shall
not refuse the application before the determination of that
appeal, unless in the opinion of the Society the proceedings on
that appeal have been unduly protracted by the appellant or
are unlikely to be successful .
13.-( 1 ) Where an application for a practising certificate is
duly made to the Society otherwise than in a case where section
12 has effect and the Society refuses or neglects to issue a certifi-
cate, the applicant may apply to the High Court or to any judge
of that court, or to the Master of the Rolls, who may make
such order in the matter, including an order for the payment
of costs by the Society to the applicant or by the applicant to
the society, as may be just.
(2) Where the Society-
( a ) in the exercise of the powers conferred on it by section
10, issues a practising certificate subject to a training
condition or an indemnity condition ; or
c . 47
Solicitors Act 1974 1483
( b) in the exercise of the powers conferred on it by section
12, refuses to issue a practising certificate or issues a
certificate subject to a condition,
the applicant may appeal to the Master of the Rolls against
the decision of the Society within one month of being notified
of it.
(3) On an appeal to the Master of the Rolls under subsection
( 2) (a) , he may-
( a) affirm the decision of the Society ; or
( b) direct the Society to issue a certificate to the applicant
free from conditions ; or
(c) if regulations under section 28 specify a number of
training conditions or indemnity conditions, direct the
Society to issue a certificate to the applicant subject to
a training condition or, as the case may be, an
indemnity condition, different from that subject to
which it was originally issued.
( 4) On an appeal to the Master of the Rolls under subsection
(2) (b), he may-
( a) affirm the decision of the Society ; or
( b) direct the Society to issue a certificate to the applicant
free from conditions or subject to such conditions
other than training conditions or indemnity conditions
as the Master of the Rolls may think fit ; or
( c) direct the Society not to issue a certificate ; or
( d ) if a certificate has been issued, by order suspend it ; or
(e ) make such other order as he thinks fit.
PART I
14.-( 1 ) Every practising certificate issued in November or Date and
December in any year shall bear the date of 1st November in that expiry of
year, and every other practising certificate shall bear the date practising
certificates .of the day on which it is issued.
( 2) Every practising certificate shall have effect from the begin-
ning of the day of which it bears the date, and that date shall
be entered by the Society in the register kept under section 9
and on the roll .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4), every practising certificate shall
expire at the end of 31st October next after it is issued.
( 4 ) Where the name of a solicitor is removed from or struck
off the roll, any practising certificate of that solicitor for the
time being in force shall expire forthwith and the date of such
expiration shall be entered in the register kept under section 9.
c. 47
1484 Solicitors Act 1974
PART I 15.-(1 ) The making by the Tribunal or by the court of an
Suspension of order suspending a solicitor from practice shall operate, and an
practising
adjudication in bankruptcy of a solicitor shall operate imme-
certificates .
diately, to suspend any practising certificate of that solicitor for
the time being in force.
( 2) For the purposes of this Act, a practising certificate shall
be deemed not to be in force at any time while it is suspended.
Duration of
16.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the sus-
suspension of pension of a practising certificate shall continue until the certifi-
practising
certificates . cate expires.
( 2) The suspension of a practising certificate by virtue of
section 15( 1) by reason of an adjudication in bankruptcy shall
terminate if the adjudication is annulled and an office copy of
the order annulling the adjudication is served on the Society.
( 3) Where a solicitor's practising certificate is suspended-
(a ) by an order under section 13 ( 4) ; or
( b) by virtue of section 15(1) by reason of his adjudication
in bankruptcy ; or
( c ) by virtue of section 15(1) by reason of his suspension
from practice and the period of his suspension from
practice expires before the date of expiry of the
certificate,
the solicitor may at any time before the certificate expires (and,
in the case of adjudication in bankruptcy, while the adjudica-
tion remains unannulled) apply to the Society to terminate the
suspension.
( 4 ) On an application under subsection ( 3), the Society may in
its discretion-
(a) by order terminate the suspension either unconditionally
or subject to such conditions as the Society may
think fit ; or
(b) refuse the application.
( 5 ) If on an application by a solicitor under subsection (3)
the Society refuses the application or terminates the suspension
subject to conditions, the solicitor may appeal against the decision
of the Society to the Master of the Rolls, who may-
(a ) affirm the decision ; or
( b ) terminate the suspension either unconditionally or sub-
ject to such conditions as he may think fit.
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1485
17.-( 1 ) Where a solicitor's practising certificate is suspended
PART I
by an order under section 13( 4), or by virtue of section 15( 1) Publicity in
by reason of his adjudication in bankruptcy, the Society shall relation to
forthwith cause notice of that suspension to be published in the suspension of
London Gazette and a note of it to be entered against the practising
certificates .
name of the solicitor on the roll .
( 2) Where any such suspension of a practising certificate as
is mentioned in subsection ( 1) is terminated under section 16( 2) ,
( 4 ) or (5 ) , the Society shall forthwith cause a note of that
termination to be entered against the name of the solicitor on
the roll and, if so requested in writing by the solicitor, a notice
of it to be published in the London Gazette.
18.-( 1 ) Any list purporting to be published by authority of Evidence as
the Society and to contain the names of solicitors who have to holding of
obtained practising certificates for the current year before 2nd practising certificates.
January in that year shall, until the contrary is proved, be
evidence that the persons so named as solicitors holding
practising certificates for the current year are solicitors holding
such certificates.
( 2) The absence from any such list of the name of any person
shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that that person
is not qualified to practise as a solicitor under a certificate for
the current year, but in the case of any such person an extract
from the roll certified as correct by the Society shall be evidence
of the facts appearing in the extract.
Rights and privileges of solicitors
19.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2), every person qualified in Rights of
accordance with section 1 may practise as a solicitor-
practising
and rights of
( a) in the Supreme Court ;
audience.
( b) in any county court ;
( c ) in all courts and before all persons having jurisdiction
in ecclesiastical matters ; and
( d ) in all matters relating to applications to obtain notarial
faculties,
and shall be entitled to all the rights and privileges, and may
exercise and perform all the powers and duties, formerly
appertaining to the office or profession of a proctor in the
provincial, diocesan or other jurisdictions in England and Wales .
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection (1) shall affect the provisions of
section 120 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) 1925 c. 49.
Act 1925, section 29 or 89 of the County Courts Act 1959 or 1959 c. 22.
c.47
1486 Solicitors Act 1974
PART I
Unqualified
person not
to act as
solicitor.
Unqualified
person not
to pretend to
be a solicitor.
Unqualified
person not
to prepare
certain
instruments.
1925 с. 21 .
any other enactment in force at the commencement of this Act
which restricts the right of any solicitor to practise as such in
any court.
( 3) Nothing in subsection ( 1) or (2) shall prejudice or affect
any right of practising or being heard in, before or by any court,
tribunal or other body which immediately before the commence-
ment of this Act was enjoyed by virtue of any enactment, rule,
order or regulation or by custom or otherwise by persons
qualified to act as solicitors .
Unqualified persons acting as solicitors
20.- (1 ) No unqualified person shall-
(a) act as a solicitor, or as such issue any writ or process,
or commence, prosecute or defend any action, suit
or other proceeding, in his own name or in the name
of any other person, in any court of civil or criminal
jurisdiction ; or
(b) act as a solicitor in any cause or matter, civil or criminal,
to be heard or determined before any justice or justices
or any commissioners of Her Majesty's revenue.
( 2) Any person who contravenes the provisions of subsection
( 1)—
(a ) shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction on
indictment to imprisonment for not more than two
years or to a fine or to both ; and
( b ) shall be guilty of contempt of the court in which the
action, suit, cause, matter or proceeding in relation to
which he so acts is brought or taken and may be
punished accordingly ; and
( c ) in addition to any other penalty or forfeiture and any
disability to which he may be subject, shall be liable
to a penalty of £50 to be recovered, with the full costs
of the action, by an action brought by the Society
with the consent of the Attorney General in the High
Court or in any county court, and to be applied to
the use of Her Majesty.
21. Any unqualified person who wilfully pretends to be, or
takes or uses any name, title, addition or description implying
that he is, qualified or recognised by law as qualified to act as a
solicitor shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary con-
viction to a fine not exceeding £50.
22.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) , any unqualified person
who directly or indirectly-
(a) draws or prepares any instrument of transfer or charge
for the purposes of the Land Registration Act 1925,
or makes any application or lodges any document for
registration under that Act at the registry, or
c.47
Solicitors Act 1974 1487
( b) draws or prepares any other instrument relating to real
PART I
or personal estate, or any legal proceeding,
shall, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in
expectation of any fee, gain or reward, be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2) Subsection (1) does not apply to-
(a) a barrister or duly certificated notary public ;
(b) any public officer drawing or preparing instruments or
applications in the course of his duty ;
(c) any person employed merely to engross any instrument ,
application or proceeding ;
and paragraph ( b) of that subsection does not apply to a duly
certificated solicitor in Scotland .
( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 1) ( b) , " instrument " does
not include-
(a ) a will or other testamentary instrument ;
(b ) an agreement not under seal ;
( c) a letter or power of attorney ; or
( d ) a transfer of stock containing no trust or limitation
thereof.
23.-( 1) If any person to whom this subsection applies, Unqualified
directly or as an agent of any other person, whether or not person not
that other person is a person to whom this subsection applies to act in preparation
( a) takes instructions for a grant of probate or of letters of papers for
of administration, or probate, etc.
(b) draws or prepares any papers on which to found or
oppose any such grant,
he shall, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in
expectation of any fee, gain or reward, and without prejudice to
any other liability or disability to which he may be subject
under this or any other Act, be guilty of an offence and liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £10.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) applies to any unqualified person who is
not a barrister or duly certificated notary public .
24.-( 1 ) If any act is done by a body corporate, or by any Application
director, officer or servant of a body corporate, and is of such ofpenal
a nature or is done in such a manner as to be calculated to provisions tobody
imply that the body corporate is qualified or recognised by law corporate.
as qualified to act as a solicitor-
( a ) the body corporate shall be guilty of an offence and
liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£100, and
1488 Solicitors Act 1974
c .47
PART I
Costs where
unqualified
person acts
as solicitor.
Time limit for
commence-
ment of
certain
proceedings.
1952 с. 55.
Saving for
persons
authorised
to conduct
legal
proceedings.
Regulations.
( b ) in the case of an act done by a director, officer or
servant of the body corporate, he also shall be guilty of
an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £10.
(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in
sections 20, 22 and 23 references to unqualified persons and to
persons include references to bodies corporate.
25.-( 1) No costs in respect of anything done by any unquali-
fied person acting as a solicitor shall be recoverable by him, or
by any other person, in any action, suit or matter.
( 2) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the recovery of
money paid or to be paid by a solicitor on behalf of a client in
respect of anything done by the solicitor while acting for the client
without holding a practising certificate in force if that money
would have been recoverable if he had held such a certificate
when so acting.
26. Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952, proceedings in respect of any offence under section 21 ,
22 or 23 may be brought at any time before the expiration of
two years from the commission of the offence or six months from
its first discovery by the prosecutor, whichever period expires
first.
27. Nothing in this Part shall affect any enactment
empowering an unqualified person to conduct, defend, or other-
wise act in relation to any legal proceedings .
Supplementary
28.-( 1 ) The Master of the Rolls may make regulations, with
the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief
Justice, about the following matters, namely-
(a) admission as a solicitor ;
(b) the keeping of the roll ;
(c) practising certificates and applications for them ;
( d ) the keeping of the register under section 9.
( 2) The power conferred by subsection (1) includes power to
specify-
(a ) one or more conditions ( in this Act referred to as
" training conditions " ) to be imposed on the issue of
practising certificates to solicitors to whom training
regulations apply ; and
Solicitors Act 1974 1489
c . 47
( b) one or more conditions (in this Act referred to as
PART I
" indemnity conditions ") to be imposed on the issue of
practising certificates to solicitors who are exempt from
indemnity rules.
( 3) Regulations about the keeping of the roll and of the
register under section 9 may provide for the manner in which
entries are to be made, altered and removed.
( 4) The regulations may provide for rights of appeal to the
Master of the Rolls in connection with the making and altera-
tion of entries on the roll and the removal of entries from it.
(5) The Master of the Rolls may make regulations about
the procedure for any appeals to him authorised by this Part
or regulations under this section.
29. Nothing in section 3 of the Act of Settlement (which pro- Non-British
vides among other things that aliens are incapable of enjoying subjects as solicitors .
certain offices or places of trust ) shall be taken to disqualify a 12 & 13 Will . 3 .
person from becoming or practising as a solicitor of the c.2 .
Supreme Court or of the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland.
30. For the purposes of this Part, a letter purporting to be Evidence as
signed by or on behalf of the registrar of solicitors in Scotland- to solicitors
inScotland.
(a) stating that a person specified in the letter is or is not a
solicitor in Scotland shall be evidence that that person
is or, as the case may be, is not a solicitor in Scotland ;
(b) stating that a person specified in the letter did not at any
time during a period so specified have in force a prac-
tising certificate as a solicitor in Scotland shall be
evidence that that person was not during any part of
that period a duly certificated solicitor in Scotland.
PART II
PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE, CONDUCT AND DISCIPLINE OF
SOLICITORS AND CLERKS
Practice rules
31.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Part Rules as to
the Council may, if they think fit, make rules, with the con- professional
currence of the Master of the Rolls, for regulating in respect of practice,
any matter the professional practice, conduct and discipline of conduct and discipline.
solicitors.
( 2 ) If any solicitor fails to comply with rules made under
this section, any person may make a complaint in respect of that
failure to the Tribunal.
c.47
1490 Solicitors Act 1974
PART II
Accounts
rules and
trust
accounts
rules.
Accounts etc.
32.- (1 ) The Council shall make rules, with the concurrence
of the Master of the Rolls-
( a) as to the opening and keeping by solicitors of accounts
at banks for clients' money ; and
( b) as to the keeping by solicitors of accounts containing
particulars and information as to money received or
held or paid by them for or on account of their clients ;
and
( c) empowering the Council to take such action as may be
necessary to enable them to ascertain whether or not
the rules are being complied with ;
and the rules may specify the location of the banks' branches
at which the accounts are to be kept.
(2 ) The Council shall also make rules, with the concurrence
of the Master of the Rolls-
(a ) as to the opening and keeping by solicitors of accounts
at banks for money comprised in controlled trusts ;
and
( b) as to the keeping by solicitors of accounts containing
particulars and information as to money received or
held or paid by them for or on account of any such
trust ; and
( c) empowering the Council to take such action as may be
necessary to enable them to ascertain whether or not
the rules are being complied with ;
and the rules may specify the location of the banks' branches
at which the accounts are to be kept.
( 3) If any solicitor fails to comply with rules made under
this section, any person may make a complaint in respect of
that failure to the Tribunal .
( 4 ) The Council shall be at liberty to disclose a report on
or information about a solicitor's accounts obtained in the
exercise of powers conferred by rules made under subsection
(1) or (2) to the Director of Public Prosecutions for use in
investigating the possible commission of an offence by the
solicitor and, if the Director thinks fit , for use in connection
with any prosecution of the solicitor consequent on the
investigation.
(5) Rules under this section may specify circumstances in
which solicitors or any class of solicitors are exempt from the
rules by virtue of their office or employment.:
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1491
33.- (1 ) Rules made under section 32 shall make provision PART II
for requiring a solicitor, in such cases as may be prescribed by Interest on
the rules, either- clients'
( a) to keep on deposit in a separate account at a bank money.
for the benefit of the client money received for or on
account of a client ; or
( b) to make good to the client out of the solicitor's own
money a sum equivalent to the interest which would
have accrued if the money so received had been so
kept on deposit.
( 2) The cases in which a solicitor may be required by the
rules to act as mentioned in subsection (1) may be defined,
among other things, by reference to the amount of any
sum received or the period for which it is or is likely to be
retained or both ; and the rules may include provision for
enabling a client (without prejudice to any other remedy) to
require that any question arising under the rules in relation to
the client's money be referred to and determined by the Society.
( 3) Except as provided by the rules, a solicitor shall not be
liable by virtue of the relation between solicitor and client
to account to any client for interest received by the solicitor
on money deposited at a bank being money received or held
for or on account of his clients generally.
( 4) Nothing in this section or in the rules shall-
(a ) affect any arrangement in writing, whenever made,
between a solicitor and his client as to the application
of the client's money or interest on it ; or
( b) apply to money received by a solicitor being money
subject to a trust of which the solicitor is a trustee.
34.-( 1 ) Every solicitor shall once in each period of twelve Accountants'
months ending with 31st October, unless the Council are satisfied reports .
that it is unnecessary for him to do so, deliver to the Society,
whether by post or otherwise, a report signed by an accountant
(in this section referred to as an " accountant's report ") and
containing such information as may be prescribed by rules made
by the Council under this section.
( 2) An accountant's report shall be delivered to the Society not
more than six months (or such other period as may be prescribed
by rules made under this section) after the end of the accounting
period specified in that report.
(3) Subject to any rules made under this section, the account-
ing period for the purposes of an accountant's report
( a) shall begin at the expiry of the last preceding accounting
period for which an accountant's report has been
delivered ;
c .47
1492 Solicitors Act 1974
PART II (b) shall cover not less than twelve months ; and
( c ) where possible, consistently with the preceding pro-
visions of this section, shall correspond to a period or
consecutive periods for which the accounts of the
solicitor or his firm are ordinarily made up.
( 4 ) The Council shall make rules to give effect to the pro-
visions of this section, and those rules shall prescribe-
( a) the qualification to be held by an accountant by whom
an accountant's report is given ;
( b) the information to be contained in an accountant's
report ;
(c) the nature and extent of the examination to be made by
an accountant of the books and accounts of a solici-
tor or his firm and of any other relevant documents
with a view to the signing of an accountant's report ;
( d ) the form of an accountant's report ; and
( e) the evidence, if any, which shall satisfy the Council
that the delivery of an accountant's report is unneces-
sary and the cases in which such evidence is or is not
required.
( 5 ) Rules under this section may include provision-
( a) permitting in such special circumstances as may be
defined by the rules a different accounting period from
that specified in subsection (3) ; and
( b) regulating any matters of procedure or matters inci-
dental, ancillary or supplemental to the provisions of
this section.
(6) If any solicitor fails to comply with the provisions of
this section or of any rules made under it , a complaint in
respect of that failure may be made to the Tribunal by or on
behalf of the Society.
(7) A certificate under the hand of the Secretary of the Society
shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that a solicitor has
or, as the case may be, has not delivered to the Society an
accountant's report or supplied any evidence required under
this section or any rules made under it .
(8) Where a solicitor is exempt from rules under section 32-
( a) nothing in this section shall apply to him unless he takes
out a practising certificate ;
( b) an accountant's report shall in no case deal with books,
accounts or documents kept by him in the course of
employment by virtue of which he is exempt from
those rules ; and
Solicitors Act 1974 1493
c . 47
( c ) no examination shall be made of any such books,
accounts and documents under any rules made under
this section.
PART II
Intervention in solicitor's practice, Compensation Fund and
professional indemnity
35. The powers conferred by Part II of Schedule 1 shall be Intervention
exercisable in the circumstances specified in Part I of that in solicitor's
Schedule. practice.
36.-(1 ) The fund, known as the " Compensation Fund ", Compensation
shall be maintained and administered in accordance with the Fund.
provisions of Schedule 2.
(2) Where the Council are satisfied-
( a) that a person has suffered or is likely to suffer loss in
consequence of dishonesty on the part of a solicitor,
or of an employee of a solicitor, in connection with
that solicitor's practice or purported practice or in
connection with any trust of which that solicitor is or
formerly was a trustee ; or
( b ) that a person has suffered or is likely to suffer hard-
ship in consequence of failure on the part of a solici-
tor to account for money which has come to his hands
in connection with his practice or purported practice
or in connection with any trust of which he is or
formerly was a trustee ; or
( c) that a solicitor has suffered or is likely to suffer loss
or hardship by reason of his liability to any of his or
his firm's clients in consequence of some act or default
of any of his partners or employees in circumstances
where but for the liability of that solicitor a grant
might have been made out of the Compensation Fund
to some other person ;
the Society may make a grant out of the Compensation Fund
for the purpose of relieving that loss or hardship .
( 3) A grant under subsection (2)(c ) may be made by way
of a loan upon such terms and conditions (including terms and
conditions as to the time and manner of repayment, the payment
of interest and the giving of security for repayment) as the
Council may determine, and the Society may at any time or
times, upon such terms and conditions (if any) as the Council
think fit, waive or refrain from enforcing the repayment of the
whole or any part of the loan, the payment of any interest on
the loan or any of its terms or conditions.
1494 Solicitors Act 1974
c. 47
PART II
( 4 ) Where-
( a) agrant is made otherwise than by way of loan, or
( b) a grant is made by way of loan and a condition specified
in subsection ( 5) is satisfied in relation to it,
the Society shall be subrogated, to the extent specified in sub-
section (6), to any rights and remedies of the person to whom the
grant is made in relation to the act or default in respect of
which it is made, and shall be entitled, upon giving him a
sufficient indemnity against costs, to require him whether before
or after payment of the grant, to sue in his own name but on
behalf of the Society for the purpose of giving effect to the
Society's rights, and to permit the Society to have the conduct
of the proceedings .
( 5 ) The conditions mentioned in subsection (4) are-
( a) that repayment of the whole or part of the loan has been
waived ;
( b) that the borrower has failed to repay the whole or part
of the loan in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the loan.
(6 ) The extent to which the Society is subrogated under
subsection ( 4) is-
(a) for a grant made by way of loan, the amount in relation
to which a condition specified in subsection (5) is
satisfied , and
(b) for any other grant, the amount of the grant .
( 7 ) Where the Society refuses a grant, the Council shall state
the reasons for the refusal .
(8) The Council may make rules about the Compensation
Fund and the procedure for making grants from it.
Professional
indemnity.
37. (1 ) The Council, with the concurrence of the Master of
the Rolls, may make rules (in this Act referred to as 66
indemnity
rules " ) concerning indemnity against loss arising from claims in
respect of any description of civil liability incurred-
( a) by a solicitor or former solicitor in connection with his
practice or with any trust of which he is or formerly
was a trustee ;
( b) by an employee or former employee of a solicitor or
former solicitor in connection with that solicitor's
practice or with any trust of which that solicitor or
the employee is or formerly was a trustee.
Solicitors Act 1974 1495
c. 47
( 2) For the purpose of providing such indemnity, indemnity PART II
rules-
( a ) may authorise or require the Society to establish and
maintain a fund or funds ;
(b) may authorise or require the Society to take out and
maintain insurance with authorised insurers ;
(c) may require solicitors or any specified class of solicitors
to take out and maintain insurance with authorised
insurers.
(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsections ( 1) and
( 2), indemnity rules-
(a) may specify the terms and conditions on which indemnity
is to be available, and any circumstances in which the
right to it is to be excluded or modified ;
( b) may provide for the management, administration and
protection of any fund maintained by virtue of subsec-
tion (2) (a) and require solicitors or any class of solicitors
to make payments to any such fund ;
(c) may require solicitors or any class of solicitors to
make payments by way of premium on any insurance
policy maintained by the Society by virtue of subsection
( 2) (b) ;
(d ) may prescribe the conditions which an insurance policy
must satisfy for the purposes of subsection (2) (c) ;
(e) may authorise the Society to determine the amount of
any payments required by the rules, subject to such
limits, or in accordance with such provisions, as may
be prescribed by the rules ;
( f ) may specify circumstances in which, where a solicitor
for whom indemnity is provided has failed to comply
with the rules, the Society or insurers make take pro-
ceedings against him in respect of sums paid by way
of indemnity in connection with a matter in relation
to which he has failed to comply ;
( g) may specify circumstances in which solicitors are exempt
from the rules ;
(h) may empower the Council to take such steps as they
consider necessary or expedient to ascertain whether
or not the rules are being complied with ; and
(i ) may contain incidental, procedural or supplementary
provisions.
( 4) If any solicitor fails to comply with indemnity rules, any
person may make a complaint in respect of that failure to the
Tribunal.
1496 Solicitors Act 1974
c . 47
PART II
(5) The Society shall have power, without prejudice to any
of its other powers, to carry into effect any arrangements which
it considers necessary or expedient for the purpose of indemnity
under this section.
Restrictions on practice as solicitor
Solicitor who
38.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not
isjustice
be lawful for any solicitor who is one of the justices of the peace
of the peace
for any area, or for any partner of his, to act in connection
not to act
in certain
with proceedings before any of those justices as solicitor or
proceedings. agent for the solicitor of any person concerned in those
proceedings.
(2) Where the area for which a solicitor is a justice of the
peace is divided into petty sessional divisions, his being a justice
for the area shall not subject him or any partner of his to any
disqualification under this section in relation to proceedings
before justices acting for a petty sessional division for which he
does not ordinarily act.
(3) Where a solicitor is a justice of the peace for any area,
that shall not subject him or any partner of his to any dis-
qualification under this section if his name is entered in the
1973 с. 15.
supplemental list kept under section 1 of the Administration of
Justice Act 1973 .
(4) Where a solicitor is, as being Lord Mayor or alderman,
a justice of the peace for the City of London, that shall not
subject him or any partner of his to any disqualification under
this section, if he is in accordance with section 1( 6 ) of the
Administration of Justice Act 1973 excluded from the exercise
of his functions as a justice for the City.
Solicitor not
to act as
agent for
unqualifiel
person.
39.-( 1 ) No solicitor shall wilfully and knowingly-
(a) act as agent for an unqualified person in any action or
in any matter in bankruptcy ;
( b) permit his name to be made use of in any action or in
any matter in bankruptcy upon the account or for the
profit of an unqualified person ;
( c) send any process to an unqualified person ; or
( d ) do any other act enabling an unqualified person to
appear, act or practise in any respect as a solicitor in
any action or in any matter in bankruptcy.
(2) Where it appears to the Tribunal or, as the case may be,
to the High Court that a solicitor has acted in contravention of
this section, the Tribunal or the court shall order that his name
be struck off the roll .
Solicitors Act 1974 1497
c. 47
(3) Where the High Court orders the name of a solicitor to be struck off the roll in respect of an offence under this section,
the court may further order that the unqualified person who was
enabled by the conduct of the offender to appear, act or practise
as a solicitor shall be imprisoned for a period not exceeding
one year.
( 4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in
subsection ( 1) references to an unqualified person include
references to a body corporate.
PART II
40.-( 1) No solicitor while a prisoner in any prison shall as Solicitor not
a solicitor, in his own name or in the name of any other solicitor, to commence
issue any writ or process, or commence, prosecute or defend or defend
actions while
any action or any matter in bankruptcy.
inprison.
( 2 ) If any solicitor commences, prosecutes or defends any
action or any matter in bankruptcy in contravention of sub-
section ( 1 )
( a) he shall be incapable of maintaining an action for the
recovery of any costs in respect of any business so done
by him ; and
(b) he and any other solicitor in whose name he is permitted
to commence, prosecute or defend the action or matter
shall be guilty of contempt of the court in which it is
commenced, prosecuted or defended and may be
punished accordingly.
Restrictions on employment of certain persons
41.-( 1) No solicitor shall, except in accordance with a written Employment
permission granted under this section, employ or remunerate in by solicitor
connection with his practice as a solicitor any person who to of person
struck off orhis knowledge is disqualified from practising as a solicitor by suspended .
reason of the fact that-
( a) his name has been struck off the roll, or
( b) he is suspended from practising as a solicitor, or
( c ) his practising certificate is suspended while he is an
undischarged bankrupt.
( 2) The Society may grant a permission under this section
for such period and subject to such conditions as the Society
thinks fit.
(3) A solicitor aggrieved by the refusal of the Society to grant
a permission under subsection (2), or by any conditions attached
by the Society to the grant of any such permission, may appeal
to the Master of the Rolls who may-
(a ) confirm the refusal or the conditions, as the case may
be ; or
1498 Solicitors Act 1974
c.47
PART II
Failure to
disclose fact
of having
been struck
offor
suspended.
1952 с. 55 .
Control of
employment
of certain
clerks.
(b) grant a permission under this section for such period
and subject to such conditions as he thinks fit.
( 4) If any solicitor acts in contravention of this section or
of any conditions subject to which a permission has been
granted under it, the Tribunal or, as the case may be, the High
Court shall order-
(a) that his name be struck off the roll ; or
( b) that he be suspended from practice for such period
as the Tribunal or the court thinks fit.
(5) The Master of the Rolls may make regulations about
appeals to him under subsection (3) .
42.-( 1 ) Any person who, while he is disqualified from practis-
ing as a solicitor by reason of the fact that-
( a) his name has been struck off the roll, or
( b) he is suspended from practising as a solicitor, or
( c) his practising certificate is suspended while he is an
undischarged bankrupt,
seeks or accepts employment by a solicitor in connection with
that solicitor's practice without previously informing him that he
is so disqualified shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952, proceedings under this section may be commenced at any
time before the expiration of six months from the first discovery
of the offence by the prosecutor, but no such proceedings shall be
commenced except by, or with the consent of, the Attorney
General.
43.-( 1 ) Where a person who is or was a clerk to a solicitor
but is not himself a solicitor-
(a) has been convicted of a criminal offence which dis-
closes such dishonesty that in the opinion of the
Society it would be undesirable for him to be employed
by a solicitor in connection with his practice ; or
( b ) has, in the opinion of the Society, occasioned or been
a party to, with or without the connivance of the
solicitor to whom he is or was clerk, an act or default
in relation to that solicitor's practice in respect of
which an application or complaint against that solicitor
has been or might be made to the Tribunal,
an application may be made to the Tribunal with respect to
that person by or on behalf of the Society.
Solicitors Act 1974 1499
c. 47
( 2) The Tribunal, on the hearing of any application under
PART II
subsection ( 1) , may make an order that as from such date
as may be specified in the order no solicitor shall, except in
accordance with permission in writing granted by the Society for
such period and subject to such conditions as the Society may
think fit to specify in the permission, employ or remunerate,
in connection with his practice as a solicitor, the person with
respect to whom the application is made.
( 3) An order made by the Tribunal under subsection ( 2) may,
on the application of the Society or of the person with respect to
whom the application for the order was made, be revoked by
a subsequent order of the Tribunal ; and where in the opinion
of the Tribunal no prima facie case is shown in favour of
an application for revocation, the Tribunal may refuse the
application without hearing the applicant.
( 4) The Tribunal, on the hearing of any application under
this section, may make an order as to the payment of costs by
any party to the application .
(5) Orders made under this section and filed with the Society
may be inspected by any solicitor during office hours without
payment but shall not be open to the inspection of any person
other than a solicitor.
( 6 ) The death of a solicitor against whom an application or
complaint might have been made to the Tribunal shall
not prevent an application being made under this section.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section an order under Part I of
the Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 placing a person on
1973 с. 62.
probation or discharging him absolutely or conditionally shall ,
notwithstanding anything in section 13 of that Act , be deemed
to be a conviction of the offence for which the order was made .
44.- (1) Any person who, while there is in force in respect Offences in
of him an order under section 43(2), seeks or accepts any connection
employment by or remuneration from a solicitor in connection with orders
under section
with that solicitor's practice without previously informing him 43(2) .
of that order shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2 ) Where an order is made under section 43(2) in respect of
any person and that order is one-
( a) against which no appeal has been made or which has
been confirmed on appeal ; and
(b) which has not been revoked under section 43(3) ,
then, if any solicitor knowingly acts in contravention of that
order or of any conditions subject to which permission for the
1500 Solicitors Act 1974
c.47
PART II
1952 с. 55.
Investigation
by lay
observers
ofSociety's
treatment of
complaints.
employment of that person has been granted under it, a com-
plaint in respect of that contravention may be made to the
Tribunal by or on behalf of the Society.
( 3) Any document purporting to be an order under section
43( 2) and to be duly signed in accordance with section 48( 1 )
shall be received in evidence in any proceedings under this
section and be deemed to be such an order without further
proof unless the contrary is shown.
( 4) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates' Courts Act
1952, proceedings under subsection ( 1) may be commenced at
any time before the expiration of six months from the first
discovery of the offence by the prosecutor, but no such proceed-
ings shall be commenced, except with the consent of the Director
of Public Prosecutions, by any person other than the Society
or a person acting on behalf of the Society.
Lay observers
45.-( 1 ) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, appoint
one or more persons (in this section referred to as " lay
observers ") to examine any written allegation made by or on
behalf of a member of the public concerning the Society's treat-
ment of a complaint about a solicitor or an employee of a
solicitor made to the Society by that member of the public or
on his behalf.
( 2) No solicitor or barrister shall be appointed a lay
observer.
( 3) A lay observer shall hold and vacate his office in
accordance with the terms of his appointment, and shall, on
ceasing to hold office, be eligible for re -appointment.
( 4) The Lord Chancellor may give general directions to lay
observers about the scope and discharge of their functions, and
shall publish any such directions.
(5) The Society shall consider any report or recommendation
which it receives from a lay observer and shall notify him of any
action which it has taken in consequence.
(6 ) The Lord Chancellor may appoint staff for lay observers .
( 7 ) Remuneration for lay observers and their staff and any
other expenses of lay observers shall be paid out of money
provided by Parliament.
( 8) In determining the numbers, terms of employment and
remuneration of lay observers and their staff and any amount
payable by way of expenses under subsection (7), the Lord
Chancellor shall act only with the approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service.
(9) The Society shall furnish a lay observer with such informa-
tion as he may from time to time reasonably require.
Solicitors Act 1974 1501
c . 47
(10 ) The Lord Chancellor shall direct the submission to him
PART II
of annual reports by lay observers on the discharge of the
functions conferred on them by this section.
(11) The Lord Chancellor shall lay a copy of any report
under subsection ( 10 ) before each House of Parliament.
Disciplinary proceedings before Solicitors
Disciplinary Tribunal
46.-( 1) Applications and complaints made by virtue of any Solicitors
provision of this Act shall be made, except so far as other Disciplinary
provision is made by this Act or by any regulations under it , to Tribunal.
the tribunal known as the " Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal " .
( 2) The Master of the Rolls shall appoint the members of the
Tribunal.
( 3) The Tribunal shall consist-
( a ) of practising solicitors of not less than ten years' stand-
ing ( in this section referred to as " solicitor
members ") ; and
( b) of persons who are neither solicitors nor barristers (in
this section referred to as " lay members ") .
( 4 ) Amember of the Tribunal shall hold and vacate his office
in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on
ceasing to hold office, be eligible for re -appointment.
( 5) There shall be paid to the lay members out of money
provided by Parliament such fees and allowances as the Lord
Chancellor may, with the approval of the Minister for the Civil
Service, determine.
( 6 ) Subject to subsections ( 7) and ( 8), the Tribunal shall be
deemed to be properly constituted if-
( a ) at least three members are present ; and
( b) at least one lay member is present ; and
( c ) the number of solicitor members present exceeds the
number of lay members present.
( 7) For the purpose of hearing and determining applications
and complaints the Tribunal shall consist of not more than three
members.
( 8) A decision of the Tribunal on an application or complaint
may be announced by a single member.
( 9) Subject to subsections (6) to ( 8), the Tribunal, with the
concurrence of the Master of the Rolls, may make rules-
(a) empowering the Tribunal to elect a solicitor member
to be its president ; and
( b) about the procedure and practice to be followed in
relation to the making, hearing and determination of
applications and complaints.
1502 Solicitors Act 1974
c . 47
PART II
1946 с. 36.
Jurisdiction
and powers
ofTribunal.
( 10) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 9) (b) ,
rules made by virtue of that paragraph may in particular-
( a) empower the president of the Tribunal to appoint a
chairman for the hearing and determination of any
application or complaint ;
(b) provide that, if the president does not appoint a chair-
man, a solicitor member shall act as chairman ; and
( c ) provide, in relation to any application or complaint
relating to a solicitor, that, where in the opinion of
the Tribunal no prima facie case in favour of the
applicant or complainant is shown in the application
or complaint, the Tribunal may make an order refusing
the application or dismissing the complaint without
requiring the solicitor to whom it relates to answer
the allegations and without hearing the applicant or
complainant.
(11) For the purposes of any application or complaint made
to the Tribunal under this Act, the Tribunal may administer
oaths, and the applicant or complainant and any person with
respect to whom the application or complaint is made ( or, in
the case of an application under section 47(1) (b) , any of the
parties to the application) may issue writs of subpoena ad
testificandum and duces tecum, but no person shall be compelled
under any such writ to produce any document which he could
not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action .
( 12) The power to make rules conferred by subsection (9)
shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory
Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to a statutory instrument
containing such rules in like manner as if the rules had been
made by a Minister of the Crown .
47.- ( 1) Any application-
( a ) to strike the name of a solicitor off the roll, or to
require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in
an affidavit, or
(b) by a former solicitor whose name has been struck off
the roll or to have his name restored to the roll,
shall be made to the Tribunal ; but nothing in this subsection
shall affect any jurisdiction over solicitors exercisable by the
Master of the Rolls, or by any judge of the High Court, by
virtue of section 50.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (3) and to section 54,
on the hearing of any application or complaint made to
the Tribunal under this Act, other than an application under
section 43, the Tribunal shall have power to make such
c.47
Solicitors Act 1974 1503
order as it may think fit , and any such order may in particular
include provision for any of the following matters, that is to
say-
PART II
(a) the striking off the roll of the name of the solicitor
to whom the application or complaint relates ;
( b) the suspension of that solicitor from practice ;
( c ) the payment by that solicitor of a penalty not exceeding
£750, which shall be forfeit to Her Majesty ;
( d ) the restoration to the roll of the name of a former
solicitor whose name has been struck off the roll and
to whom the application relates ;
( e) the payment by any party of costs or a contribution
towards costs of such amount as the Tribunal may
consider reasonable.
( 3) On proof of the commission of an offence with respect
to which express provision is made by any section of this Act,
the Tribunal shall, without prejudice to its power of making
an order as to costs, impose the punishment, or one of the
punishments, specified in that section.
48.- (1) An order of the Tribunal shall be filed with the Orders of
Society, and a statement of the Tribunal's findings, signed by Tribunal.
the chairman or by some other member of the Tribunal autho-
rised by him in that behalf, shall either be prefaced to the order
or added to the file containing the order as soon as may be
after the order has been made.
( 2) Where an order which has been filed includes provision
for any of the matters referred to in paragraphs (a ) to (e) of
section 47(2), the Society-
(a) shall cause a note of the effect of the order to be
entered on the roll against the name of the solicitor
with respect to whom the application or complaint
was made ; and
( b) except where it only makes provision for matters
referred to in paragraph ( d ) or (e) of that subsection,
shall forthwith upon filing the order cause a notice
stating its effect to be published in the London
Gazette.
( 3) Subject to section 43( 5), any file kept by the Society
under this section may be inspected during office hours without
payment.
( 4 ) An order which has been filed shall be treated, for the
purpose of enforcement, as if it had been made by the High
Court.
c . 47
1504 Solicitors Act 1974
PART II
Appeals from
Tribunal.
Jurisdiction
of Supreme
Court over
solicitors .
1925 с. 49.
1873 с. 66.
Procedure
upon certain
applications
to High
Court.
49.-(1 ) An appeal from the Tribunal shall lie-
( a ) in the case of an order on an application under section
43 (3) or 47( 1 ) ( b) or the refusal of any such application,
to the Master of the Rolls ;
( b) in any other case, to the High Court.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3), an appeal shall lie at the instance
of the applicant or complainant or of the person with respect
to whom the application or complaint was made.
( 3) An appeal against an order under section 43( 2) shall
lie only at the instance of the person with respect to whom the
application was made.
( 4) The High Court and the Master of the Rolls shall have
power to make such order on an appeal under this section as
they may think fit.
( 5 ) Subject to any rules of court, on an appeal against an
order made by virtue of rules under section 46( 10)(c) without
hearing the applicant or complainant, the court-
( a ) shall not be obliged to hear the appellant, and
( b) may remit the matter to the Tribunal instead of
dismissing the appeal,
( 6) Any decision of the Master of the Rolls on an appeal
under this section and any decision of the High Court on an
appeal against an order under section 43( 2) shall be final .
( 7) The Master of the Rolls may make regulations about
appeals to him under this section.
Disciplinary proceedings before Supreme Court
50.-(1) Any person duly admitted as a solicitor shall be an
officer of the Supreme Court ; but section 120 of the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 (which imposes on
officers of the Supreme Court restrictions as to practice as
solicitors) shall not apply to any solicitor by virtue only of this
subsection.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this Act , the High Court, the
Crown Court and the Court of Appeal respectively, or any divi-
sion or judge of those courts, may exercise the same jurisdiction
in respect of solicitors as any one of the superior courts of law
or equity from which the Supreme Court was constituted might
have exercised immediately before the passing of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act 1873 in respect of any solicitor, attorney
or proctor admitted to practise there.
51 .-( 1 ) Where an application to strike the name of a solicitor
off the roll or to require a solicitor to answer allegations con-
tained in an affidavit is made to the High Court, then, subject
to section 54, the following provisions of this section shall have
effect in relation to that application.
Solicitors Act 1974 1505
c . 47
( 2 ) The court shall not entertain the application except on
PART II
production of an affidavit proving that the applicant has served
on the Society fourteen clear days' notice of his intention to
make the application, together with copies of all affidavits
intended to be used in support of the application.
(3) The Society may appear by counsel on the hearing of
the application and any other proceedings arising out of or in
reference to the application, and may apply to the court-
( a ) to make absolute any order nisi which the court may
have made on the application ;
( b ) to make an order that the name of the solicitor be
struck off the roll ; or
( c ) to make such other order as the court may think fit.
( 4 ) The court may order the costs of the Society of or relating
to any of the matters mentioned in subsections (2) and (3)
to be paid by the solicitor against whom, or by the
person by whom, the application was made, or was intended
to be made, or partly by one and partly by the other of them.
52. Where an order, whether nisi or absolute, is made by the Power of
High Court or the Court of Appeal on a motion to strike Society to
the name of a solicitor off the roll , or to require a solicitor to draw up
order of
answer allegations contained in an affidavit, and that order is court .
not drawn up by the applicant within one week of its being
made, the Society may cause the order to be drawn up, and
all future proceedings on the order shall be taken as if the
motion had been made by the Society.
53. Where an order is made by the High Court or the Court Production
of Appeal that the name of a solicitor be struck off the roll, of order of
or that a solicitor be suspended from practice, the proper court to
officer of the court shall forthwith send a copy of the order Society.
to the Society, and the Society shall enter a note of the
order on the roll against the name of the solicitor and, where
the order so directs, shall strike that name off the roll .
Disciplinary proceedings -general
54.-(1) No solicitor shall be liable to have his name struck Restrictions
off the roll on account of any failure to comply with the require- on powers
ments with respect to service under articles of any training to strike
regulations or on account of any defect in his admission and names off roll.
enrolment, unless-
( a) the application to strike his name off the roll is made
within twelve months of the date of his enrolment ;
or
( b ) fraud is proved to have been committed in connection
with the failure or defect.
Part II S
c . 47
1506 Solicitors Act 1974
PART II
( 2 ) No solicitor shall be liable to have his name struck off the
roll by reason only-
( a ) that a solicitor whom he has served for the whole or
any part of the term of articled service required in his
case by training regulations has neglected or omitted
to take out a practising certificate ; or
( b ) that the name of a solicitor whom he has served for
any period has after the termination of that period
been removed from or struck off the roll.
Applications to require solicitor to
55. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that an
application by any person to require a solicitor to answer
answer
allegations contained in an affidavit, whether that application is
allegations.
made to the Tribunal or to the High Court, may be treated as an
application to strike the name of that solicitor off the roll on the
grounds of the matters alleged.
PART III
REMUNERATION OF SOLICITORS
Non-contentious business
Orders as to
56.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this section there shall be a
remuneration for non-
committee consisting of the following persons-
contentious
(a ) the Lord Chancellor ;
business.
( b) the Lord Chief Justice ;
(c) the Master of the Rolls ;
(d ) the President of the Society ;
(e) a solicitor, being the president of a local law society,
nominated by the Lord Chancellor to serve on the
committee during his tenure of office as president ; and
( f ) for the purpose only of prescribing and regulating the
remuneration of solicitors in respect of business done
1925 с. 21 .
under the Land Registration Act 1925, the Chief Land
Registrar appointed under that Act.
( 2) The committee, or any three members of the committee
( the Lord Chancellor being one), may make general orders
prescribing and regulating in such manner as they think fit the
remuneration of solicitors in respect of non- contentious business.
( 3) The Lord Chancellor, before any order under this section
is made, shall cause a draft of the order to be sent to the Council ;
and the committee shall consider any observations of the Council
submitted to them in writing within one month of the sending of
the draft, and may then make the order, either in the form of
the draft or with such alterations or additions as they may think
fit .
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1507
( 4 ) An order under this section may prescribe the mode of
PART III
remuneration of solicitors in respect of non-contentious business
by providing that they shall be remunerated-
( a) according to a scale of rates of commission or a scale
of percentages, varying or not in different classes of
business ; or
( b) by a gross sum ; or
( c ) by a fixed sum for each document prepared or perused,
without regard to length ; or
( d ) in any other mode ; or
(e) partly in one mode and partly in another.
( 5 ) An order under this section may regulate the amount of
such remuneration with reference to all or any of the following,
among other, considerations, that is to say-
( a ) the position of the party for whom the solicitor is con-
cerned in the business, that is, whether he is vendor or
purchaser, lessor or lessee, mortgagor or mortgagee, or
the like ;
( b) the place where, and the circumstances in which, the
business or any part of it is transacted ;
( c ) the amount of the capital money or rent to which the
business relates ;
( d ) the skill, labour and responsibility on the part of the
solicitor which the business involves ;
( e ) the number and importance of the documents prepared
or perused, without regard to length.
( 6) An order under this section may authorise and regulate
( a) the taking by a solicitor from his client of security for
payment of any remuneration, to be ascertained by
taxation or otherwise, which may become due to him
under any such order ; and
(b) the allowance of interest .
( 7 ) So long as an order made under this section is in operation
the taxation of bills of costs of solicitors in respect of non-
contentious business shall, subject to the provisions of section 57,
be regulated by that order.
( 8) Any order made under this section may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order so made.
( 9) The power to make orders under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament ; and the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply 1946 c. 36.
to a statutory instrument containing such an order in like manner
as if the order had been made by a Minister of the Crown.
S2
c . 47
1508 Solicitors Act 1974
PART III
Non-
contentious
business
agreements.
Remuneration
of a solicitor
who is a
mortgagee.
57.-( 1 ) Whether or not any order is in force under section 56,
a solicitor and his client may, before or after or in the
course of the transaction of any non- contentious business by the
solicitor, make an agreement as to his remuneration in respect of
that business.
(2) The agreement may provide for the remuneration of the
solicitor by a gross sum, or by a commission or percentage, or by
a salary, or otherwise, and it may be made on the terms that
the amount of the remuneration stipulated for shall or shall not
include all or any disbursements made by the solicitor in respect
of searches, plans, travelling, stamps, fees or other matters.
(3) The agreement shall be in writing and signed by the
person to be bound by it or his agent in that behalf.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5), the agreement may be sued and
recovered on or set aside in the like manner and on the like
grounds as an agreement not relating to the remuneration of a
solicitor.
(5) If on any taxation of costs the agreement is relied on by
the solicitor and objected to by the client as unfair or unreason-
able, the taxing officer may enquire into the facts and certify
them to the court, and if from that certificate it appears just to the
court that the agreement should be set aside, or the amount
payable under it reduced, the court may SO order
and may give such consequential directions as it thinks fit.
58.-( 1 ) Where a mortgage is made to a solicitor, either alone
or jointly with any other person, he or the firm of which he is
a member shall be entitled to recover from the mortgagor in
respect of all business transacted and acts done by him or them
in negotiating the loan, deducing and investigating the title to
the property, and preparing and completing the mortgage, such
usual costs as he or they would have been entitled to receive if
the mortgage had been made to a person who was not a solicitor
and that person had retained and employed him or them to
transact that business and do those acts.
(2 ) Where a mortgage has been made to, or has become vested
by transfer or transmission in, a solicitor, either alone or jointly
with any other person, and any business is transacted or acts
are done by that solicitor or by the firm of which he is a
member in relation to that mortgage or the security thereby
created or the property thereby charged, he or they shall be
entitled to recover from the person on whose behalf the business
was transacted or the acts were done, and to charge against the
security, such usual costs as he or they would have been entitled
Solicitors Act 1974 1509
c. 47
to receive if the mortgage had been made to and had remained
vested in a person who was not a solicitor and that person had
retained and employed him or them to transact that business
and do those acts.
( 3) In this section " mortgage " includes any charge on any
property for securing money or money's worth.
PART III
Contentious business
59.-( 1) Subject to subsection ( 2), a solicitor may make an Contentious
agreement in writing with his client as to his remuneration in business
respect of any contentious business done, or to be done, by him agreements.
( in this Act referred to as a " contentious business agreement ")
providing that he shall be remunerated by a gross sum, or by a
salary, or otherwise, and whether at a higher or lower rate
than that at which he would otherwise have been entitled to be
remunerated..
( 2) Nothing in this section or in sections 60 to 63 shall give
validity to-
(a) any purchase by a solicitor of the interest, or any part
of the interest, of his client in any action, suit or
other contentious proceeding ; or
(b) any agreement by which a solicitor retained or
employed to prosecute any action, suit or other con-
tentious proceeding, stipulates for payment only in the
event of success in that action, suit or proceeding ; or
(c) any disposition, contract, settlement, conveyance,
delivery, dealing or transfer which under the law
relating to bankruptcy is invalid against a trustee
or creditor in any bankruptcy or composition.
60.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section and to Effect of
sections 61 to 63, the costs of a solicitor in any case where a business
contentious
contentious business agreement has been made shall not be agreements .
subject to taxation or to the provisions of section 69.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3), a contentious business agree-
ment shall not affect the amount of, or any rights or remedies
for the recovery of, any costs payable by the client to, or to
the client by, any person other than the solicitor, and that
person may, unless he has otherwise agreed, require any such
costs to be taxed according to the rules for their taxation for
the time being in force.
(3) A client shall not be entitled to recover from any other
person under an order for the payment of any costs to which
a contentious business agreement relates more than the amount
payable by him to his solicitor in respect of those costs under
the agreement.
S3
c . 47
1510 Solicitors Act 1974
PART III
( 4) A contentious business agreement shall be deemed to
exclude any claim by the solicitor in respect of the business to
which it relates other than-
( a ) a claim for the agreed costs ; or
( b) a claim for such costs as are expressly excepted
from the agreement.
( 5) A provision in a contentious business agreement that the
solicitor shall not be liable for negligence, or that he shall be
relieved from any responsibility to which he would otherwise
be subject as a solicitor, shall be void.
Enforcement
61.-(1 ) No action shall be brought on any contentious busi-
ofcontentious ness agreement, but on the application of any person who-
business
agreements. (a) is a party to the agreement or the representative of such
a party ; or
(b) is or is alleged to be liable to pay, or is or claims to be
entitled to be paid, the costs due or alleged to be due in
respect of the business to which the agreement relates,
the court may enforce or set aside the agreement and determine
every question as to its validity or effect.
( 2) On any application under subsection ( 1) , the court-
(a ) if it is of the opinion that the agreement is in all respects
fair and reasonable, may enforce it ;
( b) if it is of the opinion that the agreement is in any respect
unfair or unreasonable, may set it aside and order the
costs covered by it to be taxed as if it had never been
made;
( c) in any case, may make such order as to the costs of
the application as it thinks fit .
( 3) If the business covered by a contentious business agree-
ment (not being an agreement to which section 62 applies)
is business done, or to be done, in any action, a client
who is a party to the agreement may make application to a
taxing officer of the court for the agreement to be examined.
( 4 ) A taxing officer before whom an agreement is laid under
subsection (3) shall examine it and may either allow it , or, if
he is of the opinion that the agreement is unfair or unreason-
able, require the opinion of the court to be taken on it, and
the court may allow the agreement or reduce the amount
payable under it, or set it aside and order the costs covered
by it to be taxed as if it had never been made.
(5) Where the amount agreed under any contentious business
agreement is paid by or on behalf of the client or by any person
entitled to do so, the person making the payment may at any
c. 47
Solicitors Act 1974 1511
time within twelve months from the date of payment, or within
such further time as appears to the court to be reasonable, apply
to the court, and, if it appears to the court that the special circum-
stances of the case require it to be re-opened, the court may, on
such terms as may be just, re-open it and order the costs covered
by the agreement to be taxed and the whole or any part of
the amount received by the solicitor to be repaid by him .
( 6 ) In this section and in sections 62 and 63 " the court "
means-
( a) in relation to an agreement under which any business
has been done in any court having jurisdiction to
enforce and set aside agreements, any such court
in which any of that business has been done ;
( b) in relation to an agreement under which no business
has been done in any such court, and under which
more than £50 is payable, the High Court ;
( c ) in relation to an agreement under which no business
has been done in any such court and under which
not more than £50 is payable, any county court
which would, but for the provisions of subsection ( 1 )
prohibiting the bringing of an action on the agreement,
have had jurisdiction in any action on it ;
and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in
66
paragraph (a) " court having jurisdiction to enforce and set aside
agreements " includes a county court.
PART III
62.-( 1 ) Where the client who makes a contentious business Contentious
agreement makes it as a representative of a person whose business
property will be chargeable with the whole or part of the amount agreements
bycertain
payable under the agreement, the agreement shall be laid before representatives.
a taxing officer of the court before payment.
( 2) A taxing officer before whom an agreement is laid under
subsection ( 1 ) shall examine it and may either allow it, or, if
he is of the opinion that it is unfair or unreasonable, require the
opinion of the court to be taken on it, and the court may allow
the agreement or reduce the amount payable under it, or set it
aside and order the costs covered by it to be taxed as if it had
never been made.
(3) A client who makes a contentious business agreement as
mentioned in subsection ( 1) and pays the whole or any part of
the amount payable under the agreement without it being
allowed by the officer or by the court shall be liable at any time
to account to the person whose property is charged with the
whole or any part of the amount so paid for the sum so charged,
and the solicitor who accepts the payment may be ordered by
the court to refund the amount received by him.
S4
1512 Solicitors Act 1974
c .47
PART III
1959 с. 72.
( 4) A client makes a contentious business agreement as the
representative of another person if he makes it-
( a ) as his guardian,
(b) as a trustee for him under a deed or will,
(c ) as his receiver under Part VIII of the Mental Health
Act 1959, or
(d ) as a person other than a receiver authorised under that
Part of that Act to act on his behalf.
Effect on
contentious
business
agreement
ofdeath,
incapability
or change of
solicitor.
63. ( 1 ) If, after some business has been done under a con-
tentious business agreement but before the solicitor has wholly
performed it-
( a) the solicitor dies, or becomes incapable of acting ; or
( b) the client changes his solicitor (as, notwithstanding the
agreement, he shall be entitled to do),
any party to, or the representative of any party to, the agree-
ment may apply to the court, and the court shall have the same
jurisdiction as to enforcing the agreement so far as it has been
performed, or setting it aside, as the court would have had if
the solicitor had not died or become incapable of acting, or the
client had not changed his solicitor.
( 2) The court, notwithstanding that it is of the opinion that
the agreement is in all respects fair and reasonable, may order
the amount due in respect of business under the agreement to
be ascertained by taxation, and in that case-
( a) the taxing officer, in ascertaining that amount, shall have
regard so far as may be to the terms of the agree-
ment ; and
( b) payment of the amount found by him to be due may
be enforced in the same manner as if the agreement
had been completely performed.
( 3) If in such a case as is mentioned in subsection (1) (b) an
order is made for the taxation of the amount due to the solicitor
in respect of the business done under the agreement, the court
shall direct the taxing officer to have regard to the circumstances
under which the change of solicitor has taken place, and the
taxing officer, unless he is of the opinion that there has been
no default, negligence, improper delay or other conduct on the
part of the solicitor affording the client reasonable ground for
changing his solicitor, shall not allow to the solicitor the full
amount of the remuneration agreed to be paid to him.
Form of
64.-( 1 ) Where the remuneration of a solicitor in respect of
bill of costs for contentious business done by him is not the subject of a con-
contentious
business. tentious business agreement, then, subject to subsections (2) to
( 4), the solicitor's bill of costs may at the option of the solicitor
be either a bill containing detailed items or a gross sum bill.
c.47
Solicitors Act 1974 1513
(2 ) The party chargeable with a gross sum bill may at any
PART III
time-
(a) before he is served with a writ or other originating
process for the recovery of costs included in the bill,
and
(b) before the expiration of three months from the date on
which the bill was delivered to him,
require the solicitor to deliver, in lieu of that bill, a bill con-
taining detailed items ; and on such a requirement being made
the gross sum bill shall be of no effect.
(3) Where an action is commenced on a gross sum bill, the
court shall, if so requested by the party chargeable with the bill
before the expiration of one month from the service on that party
of the writ or other originating process, order that the bill be
taxed.
( 4) If a gross sum bill is taxed, whether under this section or
otherwise, nothing in this section shall prejudice any rules of
court with respect to taxation, and the solicitor shall furnish the
taxing officer with such details of any of the costs covered by
the bill as the taxing officer may require.
65.- ( 1 ) A solicitor may take security from his client for his Security for
costs, to be ascertained by taxation or otherwise, in respect of costs and
termination
any contentious business to be done by him.
of retainer.
(2) If a solicitor who has been retained by a client to conduct
contentious business requests the client to make a payment of
a sum of money, being a reasonable sum on account of the costs
incurred or to be incurred in the conduct of that business and
the client refuses or fails within a reasonable time to make that
payment, the refusal or failure shall be deemed to be a good
cause whereby the solicitor may, upon giving reasonable notice
to the client, withdraw from the retainer.
66. Subject to the provisions of any rules of court, on every Taxations
taxation of costs in respect of any contentious business, the taxing with respect
officer may-
to contentious
(a) allow interest at such rate and from such time as he
business.
thinks just on money disbursed by the solicitor for
the client, and on money of the client in the hands
of, and improperly retained by, the solicitor ; and
(b) in determining the remuneration of the solicitor, have
regard to the skill, labour and responsibility involved
in the business done by him .
Remuneration -general
67. A solicitor's bill of costs may include costs payable in Inclusion of
discharge of a liability properly incurred by him on behalf of disbursements
the party to be charged with the bill (including counsel's fees ) in bill of
costs.
c.47
1514 Solicitors Act 1974
PART III
notwithstanding that those costs have not been paid before the
delivery of the bill to that party ; but those costs-
( a) shall be described in the bill as not then paid ; and
( b) if the bill is taxed, shall not be allowed by the taxing
officer unless they are paid before the taxation is
completed .
Power of
68.-( 1 ) The jurisdiction of the High Court to make orders
court to order for the delivery by a solicitor of a bill of costs, and for the
solicitor to
deliver
delivery up of, or otherwise in relation to, any documents in
bill, etc.
his possession, custody or power, is hereby declared to extend
to cases in which no business has been done by him in the
High Court.
( 2) A county court shall have the same jurisdiction as the
High Court to make orders making such provision as is
mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) in cases where the bill of
costs or the documents relate wholly or partly to contentious
business done by the solicitor in that county court.
( 3) In this section and in sections 69 to 71 " solicitor " includes
the executors, administrators and assignees of a solicitor.
Action to
recover
solicitor's
costs.
69.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no action shall
be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the
expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those
costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned
in subsection ( 2) ; but if there is probable cause for believing
that the party chargeable with the costs-
(a ) is about to quit England and Wales, to become bank-
rupt or to compound with his creditors, or
( b) is about to do any other act which would tend to
prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment,
the High Court may, notwithstanding that one month has
not expired from the delivery of the bill, order that the solicitor
be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may
order that those costs be taxed.
( 2) The requirements referred to in subsection ( 1) are that the
bill-
( a ) must be signed by the solicitor, or if the costs are due
to a firm, by one of the partners of that firm, either
in his own name or in the name of the firm, or be
enclosed in, or accompanied by, a letter which is so
signed and refers to the bill ; and
(b ) must be delivered to the party to be charged with the
bill, either personally or by being sent to him by post
to, or left for him at , his place of business, dwelling-
house, or last known place of abode ;
and, where a bill is proved to have been delivered in compliance
with those requirements, it shall not be necessary in the first
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1515
instance for the solicitor to prove the contents of the bill and it shall be presumed, until the contrary is shown, to be a bill bona
fide complying with this Act.
(3) Where a bill of costs relates wholly or partly to contentious
business done in a county court and the amount of the bill does
not exceed £1,000, the powers and duties of the High Court
under this section and sections 70 and 71 in relation to that
bill may be exercised and performed by any county court in
which any part of the business was done.
PART III
70.-( 1) Where before the expiration of one month from the Taxation on
delivery of a solicitor's bill an application is made by the party application ofparty
chargeable with the bill, the High Court shall, without requiring chargeable
any sum to be paid into court, order that the bill be taxed and or solicitor.
that no action be commenced on the bill until the taxation is
completed.
( 2) Where no such application is made before the expiration of
the period mentioned in subsection ( 1) , then, on an application
being made by the solicitor or, subject to subsections ( 3) and ( 4) ,
by the party chargeable with the bill, the court may on such
terms, if any, as it thinks fit (not being terms as to the costs of
the taxation), order-
(a ) that the bill be taxed; and
( b) that no action be commenced on the bill, and that any
action already commenced be stayed, until the taxation
is completed.
( 3) Where an application under subsection ( 2) is made by the
party chargeable with the bill-
(a ) after the expiration of 12 months from the delivery of
thebill, or
( b) after a judgment has been obtained for the recovery
of the costs covered by the bill, or
( c ) after the bill has been paid, but before the expiration
of 12 months from the payment of the bill.
no order shall be made except in special circumstances and, if
an order is made, it may contain such terms as regards the costs
of the taxation as the court may think fit.
( 4 ) The power to order taxation conferred by subsection ( 2)
shall not be exercisable on an application made by the party
chargeable with the bill after the expiration of 12 months from
the payment of the bill.
( 5) An order for the taxation of a bill made on an application
under this section by the party chargeable with the bill shall, if
he so requests, be an order for the taxation of the profit costs
covered by the bill.
1516 Solicitors Act 1974
c. 47
PART III
1974 с. 26.
(6) Subject to subsection (5), the court may under this section
order the taxation of all the costs, or of the profit costs, or of
the costs other than profit costs and, where part of the costs is
not to be taxed, may allow an action to be commenced or to be
continued for that part of the costs.
( 7) Every order for the taxation of a bill shall require the
taxing officer to tax not only the bill but also the costs of the
taxation and to certify what is due to or by the solicitor in
respect of the bill and in respect of the costs of the taxation.
( 8) If after due notice of any taxation either party to it fails
to attend, the officer may proceed with the taxation ex parte.
( 9) Unless-
( a) the order for taxation was made on the application of
the solicitor and the party chargeable does not attend
the taxation, or
(b) the order for taxation or an order under subsection ( 10)
otherwise provides,
the costs of a taxation shall be paid according to the event
of the taxation, that is to say, if one-fifth of the amount of the
bill is taxed off, the solicitor shall pay the costs, but otherwise
the party chargeable shall pay the costs .
(10) The taxing officer may certify to the court any special
circumstances relating to a bill or to the taxation of a bill, and
the court may make such order as respects the costs of the
taxation as it may think fit.
(11) Subsection (9) shall have effect in any case where the
application for an order for taxation was made before the
passing of the Solicitors ( Amendment) Act 1974 and-
(a ) the bill is a bill for contentious business, or
( b ) more than half of the amount of the bill before taxation
consists of costs for which a scale charge is provided
by an order for the time being in operation under
section 56,
as if for the reference to one- fifth of the amount of the bill
there were substituted a reference to one-sixth of that amount.
(12 ) In this section " profit costs " means costs other than
counsel's fees or costs paid or payable in the discharge of a
liability incurred by the solicitor on behalf of the party charge-
able, and the reference in subsection (9) to the fraction of the
amount of the bill taxed off shall be taken, where the taxation
concerns only part of the costs covered by the bill, as a reference
to that fraction of the amount of those costs which is being taxed.
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1517
71.-( 1 ) Where a person other than the party chargeable with
PART III
the bill for the purposes of section 70 has paid, or is or was Taxation on
liable to pay, a bill either to the solicitor or to the party application of
chargeable with the bill, that person, or his executors, administra- third parties.
tors or assignees may apply to the High Court for an order for
the taxation of the bill as if he were the party chargeable with
it, and the court may make the same order (if any) as it might
have made if the application had been made by the party charge-
able with the bill.
( 2) Where the court has no power to make an order by virtue
of subsection ( 1) except in special circumstances it may, in con-
sidering whether there are special circumstances sufficient to
justify the making of an order, take into account circumstances
which affect the applicant but do not affect the party chargeable
with thebill.
( 3) Where a trustee, executor or administrator has become
liable to pay a bill of a solicitor, then, on the application of any
person interested in any property out of which the trustee,
executor or administrator has paid, or is entitled to pay, the bill,
the court may order-
( a ) that the bill be taxed on such terms, if any, as it thinks
fit; and
( b) that such payments, in respect of the amount found to
be due to or by the solicitor and in respect of the
costs of the taxation, be made to or by the applicant,
to or by the solicitor, or to or by the executor,
administrator or trustee, as it thinks fit.
( 4) In considering any application under subsection (3) the
court shall have regard-
(a) to the provisions of section 70 as to applications by the
party chargeable for the taxation of a solicitor's bill so
far as they are capable of being applied to an applica-
tion made under that subsection ;
(b) to the extent and nature of the interest of the applicant.
(5) If an applicant under subsection (3) pays any money to the
solicitor, he shall have the same right to be paid that money by
the trustee, executor or administrator chargeable with the bill
as the solicitor had.
( 6 ) Except in special circumstances, no order shall be made
on an application under this section for the taxation of a bill
which has already been taxed.
( 7 ) If the court on an application under this section orders a
bill to be taxed, it may order the solicitor to deliver to the appli-
cant a copy of the bill on payment of the costs of that copy.
1518 Solicitors Act 1974
c. 47
PART III 72.- ( 1 ) Every application for an order for the taxation of a
Supplementary solicitor's bill or for the delivery of a solicitor's bill and for the
provisions as delivery up by a solicitor of any documents in his possession,
to taxations .
custody or power shall be made in the matter of that solicitor.
(2) Where a taxing officer is in the course of taxing a bill of
costs, he may request the taxing officer of any other court to
assist him in taxing any part of the bill, and the taxing officer
so requested shall tax that part of the bill and shall return the
bill with his opinion on it to the taxing officer making the
request.
(3) Where a request is made as mentioned in subsection (2) ,
the taxing officer who is requested to tax part of a bill shall
have such powers, and may take such fees, in respect of that
part of the bill, as he would have or be entitled to take if he
were taxing that part of the bill in pursuance of an order of
the court of which he is an officer ; and the taxing officer who
made the request shall not take any fee in respect of that part
of the bill.
( 4) The certificate of the taxing officer by whom any bill has
been taxed shall, unless it is set aside or altered by the court,
be final as to the amount of the costs covered by it, and the
court may make such order in relation to the certificate as it
thinks fit, including, in a case where the retainer is not disputed,
an order that judgment be entered for the sum certified to be
due with costs.
Charging
orders.
73.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2), any court in which a solici-
tor has been employed to prosecute or defend any suit, matter
or proceedings may at any time-
(a) declare the solicitor entitled to a charge on any property
recovered or preserved through his instrumentality for
his taxed costs in relation to that suit, matter or
proceeding ; and
(b) make such orders for the taxation of those costs and for
raising money to pay or for paying them out of the
property recovered or preserved as the court thinks fit ;
and all conveyances and acts done to defeat, or operating to
defeat, that charge shall, except in the case of a conveyance
to a bona fide purchaser for value without notice, be void as
against the solicitor .
( 2) No order shall be made under subsection ( 1) if the right
to recover the costs is barred by any statute of limitations.
Special 74.-( 1 ) The remuneration of a solicitor in respect of conten-
provisions as to tious business done by him in a county court shall be regulated
contentious
business done
in accordance with sections 59 to 73, and for that purpose those
incounty
sections shall have effect subject to the following provisions of
courts.
this section.
Solicitors Act 1974 1519
c . 47
( 2) The registrar of a county court shall be the taxing officer
PART III
of that court but any taxation of costs by him may be reviewed
by a judge assigned to the county court district, or by a judge
acting as a judge so assigned, on the application of any party
to the taxation.
(3) The amount which may be allowed on the taxation of any
costs or bill of costs in respect of any item relating to proceedings
in a county court shall not, except in so far as rules of court may
otherwise provide, exceed the amount which could have been
allowed in respect of that item as between party and party in
those proceedings, having regard to the nature of the proceedings
and the amount of the claim and of any counterclaim.
75. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect the follow- Saving for
ing enactments, that is to say- certain
( a) section 3 of the Leases Act 1845 (which regulates the enactments.
taxation of the costs of preparing and executing deeds 1845 c. 124.
under that Act) ;
( b) section 144 of the Land Registration Act 1925 (which 1925 c. 21 .
enables rules to be made regulating, among other
things, the taxation and incidence of the costs of the
registration of land and other matters done under that
Act) ;
( c ) any of the provisions of the Costs in Criminal Cases 1973 c. 14.
Act 1973 ;
( d ) any of the provisions of the Legal Aid Act 1974 ; 1974 с. 4.
(e) any other enactment not expressly repealed by this
Act which authorises the making of rules or orders
or the giving of directions with respect to costs, or
which provides that any such rule, order or direction
made or given under a previous enactment shall con-
tinue in force.
PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
The Society
76.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in the Charter, the Council Non-
may appoint and elect to be a member of the Society any practising
person whose name is for the time being on the roll , whether solicitors
or not he has held a practising certificate. eligible for
membership
( 2 ) Where a person is appointed and elected under subsection of Society.
(1), he shall, on payment of the annual subscription payable by
him under section 77, —
( a) become a member of the Society ;
1520 Solicitors Act 1974
c. 47
PART IV
( b) be subject to any byelaw or regulation for the time
being affecting members of the Society ; and
( c ) while he remains a member of the Society, be eligible
for election as a member of the Council.
Annual
subscription
to Society.
77.-( 1 ) The amount of the annual subscription payable by
members of the Society shall be fixed from time to time by the
Council.
( 2) In fixing the amount of the annual subscription , the
Council shall be at liberty-
( a ) to divide members into classes ;
( b) to provide that different amounts shall be paid by
different classes and shall extend over different periods ;
and
(c) generally to regulate, and from time to time vary, as
they think fit, the amounts payable by members or
by different classes of members.
Cessation and
78.-(1) If the name of a solicitor who is a member of
suspension of the Society is removed from or struck off the roll that solicitor
membership
of Society.
shall thereupon cease to be a member of the Society.
(2) A member of the Society who is suspended from prac-
tising as a solicitor shall not be entitled during the period of
his suspension to any of the rights or privileges of membership
of the Society.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4), the Council may suspend any
member of the Society-
( a ) from using the hall and library and any of the rooms
belonging to the Society ; and
(b) from exercising all other rights and privileges of a
member,
during such period as they may think fit for any cause which, in
their opinion, renders such suspension necessary or expedient
but is not of a nature to justify the making of a complaint to the
Tribunal by or on behalf of the Society.
( 4) A member shall not be suspended under subsection (3)
unless-
(a) at least sixteen members of the Council are present at
the meeting at which it is resolved to suspend him ;
and
( b) at least twelve of those members consent to his
suspension.
( 5) Any member of the Society who has been suspended
under subsection ( 3) may, on giving the notice required by any
c .47
Solicitors Act 1974 1521
byelaw or regulation of the Society, appeal against the suspension
to the next available general meeting of members of the Society,
and that meeting may confirm, rescind or vary the period of the
suspension in any manner they think fit.
PART IV
79.- (1) The Council may appoint a committee for any such Committees of
general or special purpose as in the opinion of the Council may the Council.
be better regulated or managed by means of a committee, and
may delegate to any committee so appointed, with or without
restrictions or conditions, as they think fit, the exercise of any
functions exercisable by the Council.
( 2 ) The number and term of office of the members of a com-
mittee appointed under this section, and the number of those
members necessary to form a quorum, shall be fixed by the
Council.
( 3) A committee appointed under this section may include
persons who are not members of the Council ; but at least half
the members of any such committee (including the chairman)
shall be members of the Council.
( 4 ) If more than one- third of the members of any committee
appointed under this section are not members of the Council,
no resolution of that committee shall be duly passed unless the
majority of the members of the Council present vote in favour
of it.
80.-( 1 ) Anything authorised or required to be done by the Powers to act
Society under or in pursuance of this Act or of any instrument on behalf
made under it may be done on behalf of the Society by the of Society.
Council ; and the power to delegate functions to committees
conferred on the Council by section 79 shall include power to
delegate functions exercisable by the Council by virtue of this
subsection.
( 2) Any document issued by the Society or the Council for
any purpose whatsoever may be signed on behalf of the Society
or the Council, as the case may be, by the Secretary of the
Society or by such other officer of the Society, or by the person
holding such office in the Society, as may from time to time
be prescribed either generally or specially by resolution of the
Council.
( 3) In any proceedings a document purporting to be certified
by the Secretary of the Society as a copy of a resolution passed
by the Council or a committee of the Council on a specified
date shall be evidence that that resolution was duly passed by
the Council or the committee on that date.
1522 Solicitors Act 1974
c.47
PART IV Miscellaneous
Administration 81.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, every solicitor
of oaths and
who holds a practising certificate which is in force shall have
taking of
affidavits .
the powers conferred on a commissioner for oaths by the
Commissioners for Oaths Acts 1889 and 1891 and section 24
1891 с. 38.
of the Stamp Duties Management Act 1891 ; and any reference
to such a commissioner in an enactment or instrument (including
an enactment passed or instrument made after the commence-
ment of this Act ) shall include a reference to such a solicitor
unless the context otherwise requires .
( 2) A solicitor shall not exercise the powers conferred by this
section in a proceeding in which he is solicitor to any of the
parties, or in which he is interested.
( 3) A solicitor before whom any oath or affidavit is taken
or made shall state in the jurat or attestation at which place and
on what date the oath or affidavit it taken or made.
( 4 ) A document containing such a statement and purporting
to be sealed or signed by a solicitor shall be admitted in
evidence without proof of the seal or signature, and without
proof that he is a solicitor or that he holds a practising certificate
which is in force.
( 5 ) Nothing in this section shall affect the power to appoint
1889 с. 10.
commissioners under the Commissioners for Oaths Act 1889 .
Qualification
82. For the purpose of any statutory provision or custom
for holding
whereby the qualification of a solicitor for holding any office
office of
depends upon his having been admitted and enrolled for a
solicitors who prescribed period, the period of enrolment of a solicitor who
have been
barristers .
before admission was a barrister shall be deemed to include any
period after his call to the bar in England and Wales during
which he is, for the purposes of this section, recognised by the
Society as having been, or certified by the Attorney General as
having in his opinion been, in practice or in employment as a
barrister.
Power of
Society to
inspect file
ofproceed-
ings in bankruptcy of
solicitor.
83. Where proceedings in bankruptcy have been taken against
any solicitor, the Society shall be entitled-
(a) to inspect the file of those proceedings without payment
ofany fee ; and
( b) to be supplied with office copies of those proceedings
on payment of the usual charge.
Service of
documents
at solicitor's
place of
business.
84.-( 1) For the purpose of facilitating the service of notices
and other documents, every solicitor who has in force, or has
applied for, a practising certificate shall give notice to the
Society of any change in his place or places of business before
the expiration of 14 days from the date on which the change
takes effect.
Solicitors Act 1974 1523
c . 47
( 2 ) Any notice or other document required or authorised by
PART IV
or by virtue of this Act to be served on any person may be
served on him by delivering it to him, by leaving it at his proper
address or by sending it by post.
(3) Any such notice or document may be served on a prac-
tising solicitor, without prejudice to any other method of service,
by sending it in a registered letter addressed to him at any
place specified as his place of business, or one of his places
of business, in his latest application for a practising certificate
or in any subsequent notice under subsection ( 1) .
85. Where a solicitor keeps an account with a bank in Bank accounts.
pursuance of rules under section 32-
( a ) the bank shall not incur any liability, or be under any
obligation to make any inquiry, or be deemed to
have any knowledge of any right of any person to
any money paid or credited to the account, which it
would not incur or be under or be deemed to have in
the case of an account kept by a person entitled
absolutely to all the money paid or credited to it ; and
( b) the bank shall not have any recourse or right against
money standing to the credit of the account, in respect
of any liability of the solicitor to the bank, other than
a liability in connection with the account.
86. In the Bankers' Books Evidence Act 1879 ( which provides Bankers'
for copies of entries in bankers' books to be receivable in books.
evidence in legal proceedings), in section 10 (interpretation ), at 1879 c. 11 .
the end of the definition of " legal proceeding " there shall be
inserted the words " and an application to, or an inquiry or
other proceeding before, the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal or
any body exercising functions in relation to solicitors in Scotland
or Northern Ireland corresponding to the functions of that
Tribunal ".
Supplementary
87.-(1 ) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation.
requires, -
" articles " means written articles of clerkship binding a
person to serve a solicitor as an articled clerk ;
" authorised insurers " means a person permitted under the
Insurance Companies Act 1974 to carry on liability 1974 с. 49.
insurance business or pecuniary loss insurance
business ;
c .47
1524 Solicitors Act 1974
PART IV 1963 с. 16.
1950 с. 27.
1925 с. 49.
" bank " means-
(a ) the Bank of England ; and
(b) a company as to which the Secretary of State
is satisfied that it ought to be treated as a banking
company or as a discount company for the purposes
of the Protection of Depositors Act 1963 ;
" the Charter " means the Royal Charter dated 26th Febru-
ary 1845 , whereby the Society was incorporated, to-
gether with the Royal Charters supplemental to it
dated respectively 26th November 1872, 4th June 1903,
2nd June 1909 and 10th March 1954 ;
" client " includes-
(a) in relation to contentious business, any person
who as a principal or on behalf of another person
retains or employs, or is about to retain or employ,
a solicitor, and any person who is or may be liable
to pay a solicitor's costs ;
( b) in relation to non- contentious business, any
person who, as a principal or on behalf of another,
or as a trustee or executor, or in any other capacity,
has power, express or implied, to retain or employ,
and retains or employs or is about to retain or
employ, a solicitor, and any person for the time
being liable to pay to a solicitor for his services any
costs ;
ود
" client account means an account in the title of which
the word " client " is required by rules under section
;32
" contentious business " means business done, whether as
solicitor or advocate, in or for the purposes of pro-
ceedings begun before a court or before an arbitrator
appointed under the Arbitration Act 1950, not being
business which falls within the definition of non-
contentious or common form probate business con-
tained in section 175(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 ;
"
" contentious business agreement means an agreement
made in pursuance of section 59 ;
" controlled trust ", in relation to a solicitor, means a
trust of which he is a sole trustee or co -trustee only
with one or more of his partners or employees ;
" costs " includes fees, charges, disbursements , expenses and
remuneration :
c. 47
Solicitors Act 1974 1525
" the Council " means the Council of the Society elected in PART IV
accordance with the provisions of the Charter and
this Act ;
" duly certificated notary public " means a notary public
who either-
( a ) has in force a practising certificate as a soli-
citor issued under this Act, and duly entered in the
court of faculties of the Archbishop of Canterbury
in accordance with rules made by the master of
faculties ; or
( b) has in force a practising certificate as a notary
public issued by the said court of faculties in
accordance with rules so made ;
66
employee " includes an articled clerk ;
66
indemnity conditions " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 28 (2) (b) ;
66
indemnity rules " means rules under section 37 ;
" liability insurance business " has the meaning given in
section 83 (3) of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 ; 1974 с. 49.
" local law society " means a society which is for the time
being recognised by the Council as representative of
solicitors in some particular part of England and
Wales;
" non- contentious business " means any business done as a
solicitor which is not contentious business as defined
by this subsection ;
" pecuniary loss insurance business " has the meaning given
in section 83 (6 ) of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 ;
" practising certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 1 ;
" the roll " means the list of solicitors of the Supreme Court
kept by the Society under section 6 ;
" Secretary " of the Society includes any deputy or person
appointed temporarily to perform the duties of that
office;
" the Society " means the Law Society, that is to say, the
Society incorporated and regulated by the Charter ;
" sole solicitor " means a solicitor who is the sole principal
in a practice ;
" solicitor " means solicitor of the Supreme Court ;
" solicitor in Scotland " means a person enrolled or deemed
to have been enrolled as a solicitor in pursuance of
the Solicitors (Scotland) Act 1933 ;
1933 с. 21 ." training conditions " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 28 (2) (a) ;
c .47
1526 Solicitors Act 1974
PART IV
Saving for
solicitors
to public
departments
and City of
London.
" training regulations " means regulations under section 2 ;
" the Tribunal " means the Solicitors Disciplinary
Tribunal ;
" trust " includes an implied or constructive trust and a
trust where the trustee has a beneficial interest in the
trust property, and also includes the duties incident
to the office of a personal representative, and “
trus-
tee " shall be construed accordingly ;
" unqualified person "
means a person who is not qualified
under section 1 to act as a solicitor.
( 2 ) In this Act-
(a ) references to the removal of a solicitor's name from the
roll are references to its removal at his own request ;
( b) references to striking a solicitor's name off the roll are
references to striking it off otherwise than at his own
request ; and
( c) references to removal or striking off include references
to deleting an entry made by means of a computer by
whatever means are appropriate.
( 3) In this Act, except where otherwise indicated-
(a) a reference to a numbered Part, section or Schedule is
a reference to the Part or section of, or the Schedule to,
this Act so numbered ;
(b) a reference in a section to a numbered subsection is a
reference to the subsection of that section so numbered ;
(c ) a reference in a section, subsection or Schedule to a
numbered paragraph is a reference to the paragraph
of that section, subsection or Schedule so numbered ;
and
(d) a reference in a paragraph to a numbered sub-paragraph
is a reference to the sub-paragraph of that paragraph so
numbered.
( 4) Except where the context otherwise requires, references in
this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to
that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
88.-( 1) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any
rights or privileges of the solicitor to the Treasury, any other
public department, the Church Commissioners or the Duchy of
Cornwall, or require any such officer or any clerk or officer
appointed to act for him to be admitted or enrolled or to hold a
practising certificate in any case where it would not have been
Solicitors Act 1974 1527
c.47
necessary for him to be admitted or enrolled or to hold such a
certificate if this Act had not been passed.
( 2) Sections 31 and 32(1) shall not apply to, and nothing in
this Act shall prejudice or affect any rights or privileges which
immediately before the commencement of this Act attached to
the office of, the Solicitor of the City of London.
PART IV
89.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 shall have Consequential
effect subject to the amendments there specified, being amend- amendments,
ments consequential upon the provisions of this Act.
repeals,
savings, etc.
( 2 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 are hereby repealed
to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
( 3 ) In so far as any instrument or other document made, issued,
served or kept or treated as having been or having effect as if
made, issued, served or kept, or other thing done or treated as
having been or having effect as if done, under or for the purposes
of any of the enactments repealed by this Act (in this section
referred to as " the repealed enactments " ) could have been
made, issued, served, kept or done under or for the purposes of
a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated
by the repeal but shall have effect as if made, issued, served,
kept or done under or for the purposes of that corresponding
provision ; and anything begun under any of the repealed enact-
ments may be continued under any corresponding provision of
this Act as if begun under that provision.
( 4 ) Any enactment or other document referring to any of the
repealed enactments shall, so far as may be necessary for
preserving its effect, be construed as referring to this Act or to
the corresponding provision of this Act.
(5) References in any enactment or instrument to the disci-
plinary committee constituted under section 46 of the Solicitors 1957 c. 27.
Act 1957 shall be construed as references to the Tribunal.
(6 ) References in any enactment to solicitors, attorneys or
proctors, or to the registrar of attorneys and solicitors or the
registrar of solicitors, shall be construed as references to solicitors
and to the Society respectively.
( 7) References in any enactment to a duly certificated notary
public shall be construed as references to a duly certificated
notary public within the meaning of this Act.
( 8) Nothing in this Act shall be taken as prejudicing the
operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (which 1889 c. 63.
relates to the effect of repeals) .
c .47
1528 Solicitors Act 1974
PART IV
Short title,
commence-
ment and
extent.
1974 с. 26.
1957 с. 27
( 5 & 6 Eliz. 2) .
1974 с. 26.
90.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act 1974.
( 2) This Act shall come into force on such day as the
Lord Chancellor may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint, not being earlier than the first day on which all the
provisions of the Solicitors (Amendment ) Act 1974 are in
force.
( 3) If any order made under section 19( 7) of the Solicitors
( Amendment) Act 1974 makes any savings from the effect of
any provision of that Act which it brings into force, the order
under subsection ( 2) may make corresponding savings from the
effect of the corresponding provision of this Act.
( 4) The provisions of this Act extend to England and Wales
only, with the exception of-
( a) section 4( 4) and the repeal of section 5( 3) of the Solici-
tors Act 1957, which extend to Scotland ;
( b) section 29 and the repeal of section 1 of the Solicitors
( Amendment) Act 1974, which extend to Northern
Ireland ;
(c) sections 5( 3) and 86, paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 and
the repeals of section 5( 2) of the Solicitors Act 1957
and paragraphs 1 and 5 of Schedule 2 to the Solicitors
( Amendment) Act 1974, all of which extend both to
Scotland and to Northern Ireland.
Solicitors Act 1974 1529
c. 47
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 35.
INTERVENTION IN SOLICITOR'S PRACTICE
1
PART I
CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH SOCIETY MAY INTERVENE
1.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) , the powers conferred by
Part II of this Schedule shall be exercisable where-
(a) the Council have reason to suspect dishonesty on the part
of-
(i) a solicitor, or
(ii ) an employee of a solicitor, or
(iii) the personal representatives of a deceased solicitor,
in connection with that solicitor's practice or in connection
with any trust of which that solicitor is or formerly was a
trustee ;
( b) the Council consider that there has been undue delay on
the part of the personal representatives of a deceased
solicitor who immediately before his death was practising
as a sole solicitor in connection with that solicitor's practice
or in connection with any controlled trust ;
( c ) the Council are satisfied that a solicitor has failed to comply
with rules made by virtue of section 32 or 37(2)(c) ;
( d ) a solicitor has been adjudged bankrupt or has made a
composition or arrangement with his creditors ;
(e) a solicitor has been committed to prison in any civil or
criminal proceedings ;
( f ) the powers conferred by section 104 (emergency powers) or
105 (appointment of receiver) of the Mental Health Act 1959 c. 72.
1959 have been exercised in respect of a solicitor ; or
( g ) the name of a solicitor has been removed from or struck
off the roll or a solicitor has been suspended from practice.
( 2 ) The powers conferred by Part II of this Schedule shall only be
exercisable under sub-paragraph (1)( c) if the Society has given the
solicitor notice in writing that the Council are satisfied that he has
failed to comply with rules specified in the notice and also (at the
same or any later time ) notice that the powers conferred by Part II of
this Schedule are accordingly exercisable in his case.
2. On the death of a sole solicitor paragraphs 6 to 8 shall apply
to the client accounts of his practice.
3. The powers conferred by Part II of this Schedule shall also be
exercisable, subject to paragraphs 5( 4) and 10(3), where-
( a ) a complaint is made to the Society that there has been
undue delay on the part of a solicitor in connection with
c . 47
1530 Solicitors Act 1974
SCH. 1 any matter in which the solicitor or his firm was instructed
on behalf of a client or with any controlled trust ; and
( b) the Society by notice in writing invites the solicitor to give
an explanation within a period of not less than 8 days
specified in the notice ; and
( c ) the solicitor fails within that period to give an explanation
which the Council regard as satisfactory ; and
(d ) the Society gives notice of the failure to the solicitor and ( at
the same or any later time ) notice that the powers conferred
by Part II of this Schedule are accordingly exercisable.
4.- (1) Where the powers conferred by Part II of this Schedule are
exercisable in relation to a solicitor, they shall continue to be exercis-
able after his death or after his name has been removed from or
struck off the roll .
( 2 ) The references to the solicitor or his firm in paragraphs 5( 1 ),
6( 2) and (3) , 8, 9( 1) and (5) and 10(1) include, in any case where the
solicitor has died, references to his personal representatives.
PART II
POWERS EXERCISABLE ON INTERVENTION
Money
5.- (1) The High Court, on the application of the Society, may
order that no payment shall be made without the leave of the
court by any person ( whether or not named in the order ) of any
money held by him ( in whatever manner and whether it was received
before or after the making of the order) on behalf of the solicitor or
his firm.
( 2 ) No order under this paragraph shall take effect in relation
to any person to whom it applies unless the Society has served a
copy of the order on him ( whether or not he is named in it) and,
in the case of a bank, has indicated at which of its branches the
Society believes that the money to which the order relates is held.
( 3) A person shall not be treated as having disobeyed an order
under this paragraph by making a payment of money if he satisfies
the court that he exercised due diligence to ascertain whether it
was money to which the order related but nevertheless failed to
ascertain that the order related to it.
( 4) This paragraph does not apply where the powers conferred
by this Part of this Schedule are exercisable by virtue of paragraph 3.
6.- (1) Without prejudice to paragraph 5, if the Council pass
a resolution to the effect that any sums of money to which this
paragraph applies, and the right to recover or receive them, shall
vest in the Society, all such sums shall vest accordingly (whether
Solicitors Act 1974 1531
c . 47
they were received by the person holding them before or after the
Council's resolution ) and shall be held by the Society on trust to
exercise in relation to them the powers conferred by this Part of
this Schedule and subject thereto upon trust for the persons bene-
ficially entitled to them.
( 2) This paragraph applies-
( a ) where the powers conferred by this paragraph are exercis-
able by virtue of paragraph 1, to all sums of money
held by or on behalf of the solicitor or his firm in connection
with his practice or with any trust of which he is or formerly
was a trustee ;
( b ) where they are exercisable by virtue of paragraph 2, to
all sums of money in any client account ; and
( c ) where they are exercisable by virtue of paragraph 3, to
all sums of money held by or on behalf of the solicitor
or his firm in connection with the trust or other matter to
which the complaint relates.
( 3) The Society shall serve on the solicitor or his firm and on any
other person having possession of sums of money to which this
paragraph applies a certified copy of the Council's resolution and
a notice prohibiting the payment out of any such sums of money.
( 4 ) Within 14 days of the service of a notice under sub-paragraph
( 3 ), the person on whom it was served, on giving not less
than 48 hours' notice in writing to the Society and (if the notice
gives the name of the solicitor instructed by the Society ) to that
solicitor, may apply to the High Court for an order directing the
Society to withdraw the notice.
( 5 ) If the court makes such an order, it shall have power also to
make such other order with respect to the matter as it may think fit.
( 6 ) If any person on whom a notice has been served under sub-
paragraph ( 3) pays out sums of money at a time when such
payment is prohibited by the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence
and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 .
7.- (1) If the Society takes possession of any sum of money to
which paragraph 6 applies, the Society shall pay it into a
special account in the name of the Society or of a person nominated
on behalf of the Society, and any such person shall hold that sum
on trust to permit the Society to exercise in relation to it the powers
conferred by this Part of this Schedule and subject thereto on trust for
the persons beneficially entitled to it.
( 2 ) A bank at which a special account is kept shall be under no
obligation to ascertain whether it is being dealt with properly.
8. Without prejudice to paragraphs 5 to 7, if the High Court is
satisfied, on an application by the Society, that there is reason to
suspect that any person holds money on behalf of the solicitor or
his firm , the court may require that person to give the Society
information as to any such money and the accounts in which it
isheld.
SCH. 1
1532 Solicitors Act 1974
c . 47
SCH. 1 Documents
9.- (1 ) The Society may give notice to the solicitor or his firm
requiring the production or delivery to any person appointed by the
Society at a time and place to be fixed by the Society-
( a ) where the powers conferred by this Part of this Schedule are
exercisable by virtue of paragraph 1, of all documents in
the possession of the solicitor or his firm in connection with
his practice or with any controlled trust ; and
( b) where they are exercisable by virtue of paragraph 3,
of all documents in the possession of the solicitor or his firm
in connection with the trust or other matters to which
the complaint relates ( whether or not they relate also to
other matters ).
( 2 ) The person appointed by the Society may take possession
of any such documents on behalf of the Society.
( 3) Except in a case where an application has been made to the
High Court under sub-paragraph ( 4 ), if any person having
possession of any such documents refuses, neglects or otherwise fails
to comply with a requirement under sub-paragraph (1), he shall
be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £50.
( 4) The High Court, on the application of the Society, may order
a person required to produce or deliver documents under sub-para-
graph (1) to produce or deliver them to any person appointed
by the Society at such time and place as may be specified in the
order, and authorise him to take possession of them on behalf of the
Society .
( 5 ) If on an application by the Society the High Court is satisfied
that there is reason to suspect that documents in relation to
which the powers ers conferred by sub-paragraph (1) are exercisable
have come into the possession of some person other than the
solicitor or his firm, the court may order that person to produce or
deliver the documents to any person appointed by the Society at
such time and place as may be specified in the order and authorise
him to take possession of them on behalf of the Society.
( 6 ) On making an order under this paragraph, or at any later
time, the court, on the application of the Society, may authorise a
person appointed by the Society to enter any premises ( using such
force as is reasonably necessary) to search for and take possession of
any documents to which the order relates.
( 7 ) The Society, on taking possession of any documents under this
paragraph, shall serve upon the solicitor or personal representatives
and upon any other person from whom they were received on the
Society's behalf or from whose premises they were taken a notice
that possession has been taken on the date specified in the notice.
( 8) Subject to sub-paragraph (9) a person upon whom a notice
under sub -paragraph ( 7) is served, on giving not less than 48 hours'
notice to the Society and (if the notice gives the name of the
Solicitors Act 1974 1533
c . 47
solicitor instructed by the Society ) to that solicitor, may apply to SCH. 1
the High Court for an order directing the Society to deliver the
documents to such person as the applicant may require.
( 9 ) A notice under sub- paragraph ( 8) shall be given within 8 days
of the service of the Society's notice under sub-paragraph (7 ).
(10 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule,
the Society may apply to the High Court for an order as to the
disposal or destruction of any documents in its possession by virtue
of this paragraph or paragraph 10.
( 11) On an application under sub-paragraph ( 8) or (10 ), the Court
may make such order as it thinks fit.
(12 ) Except so far as its right to do so may be restricted by an
order on an application under sub- paragraph ( 8) or (10 ), the
Society may take copies of or extracts from any documents in
its possession by virtue of this paragraph or paragraph 10 and
require any person to whom it is proposed that such documents shall
be delivered , as a condition precedent to delivery, to give a reason-
able undertaking to supply copies or extracts to the Society .
Mail
10.- (1) The High Court, on the application of the Society, may
from time to time order that for such time not exceeding 18 months
as the court thinks fit postal packets ( as defined by section 87(1) of 1953 c. 36.
the Post Office Act 1953) addressed to the solicitor or his firm at
any place or places mentioned in the order shall be directed to the
Society or any person appointed by the Society at any other address
there mentioned; and the Society, or that person on its behalf, may
take possession of any such packets received at that address .
( 2 ) Where such an order is made the Society shall pay to the Post
Office the like charges (if any ), as would have been payable for
the re - direction of the packets by virtue of any scheme made under
section 28 of the Post Office Act 1969, if the addressee had perman- 1969 с. 48.
ently ceased to occupy the premises to which they were addressed and
had applied to the Post Office to redirect them to him at the address
mentioned in the order.
( 3 ) This paragraph does not apply where the powers conferred
by this Part of this Schedule are exercisable by virtue of paragraph 3 .
Trusts
11 .- ( 1) If the solicitor or his personal representative is a trustee
of a controlled trust, the Society may apply to the High Court for an
order for the appointment of a new trustee in substitution for him.
( 2 ) The Trustee Act 1925 shall have effect in relation to an 1925 c. 19.
appointment of a new trustee under this paragraph as it has effect
in relation to an appointment under section 41 of that Act.
General
12. The powers in relation to sums of money and documents con-
ferred by this Part of this Schedule shall be exercisable notwithstand-
ing any lien on them or right to their possession .
1534 Solicitors Act 1974
c . 47
SCH. 1 13. Subject to any order for the payment of costs that may be
made on an application to the court under this Schedule, any costs
incurred by the Society for the purposes of this Schedule, including,
without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph, the costs of
any person exercising powers under this Part of this Schedule on
behalf of the Society, shall be paid by the Solicitor or his personal
representatives and shall be recoverable from him or them as a debt
owing to the Society.
14. Where an offence under this Schedule committed by a body
corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent
or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part
of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the
body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any
such capacity , he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty
of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and
punished accordingly.
15. Any application to the High Court under this Schedule may
be disposed of in chambers.
16. The Society may do all things which are reasonably neces-
sary for the purpose of facilitating the exercise of its powers under
this Schedule.
Section 36. SCHEDULE 2
THE COMPENSATION FUND
1. The fund shall be maintained and administered by the Society
and shall be held by the Society on trust for the purposes provided
for in section 36 and this Schedule.
2.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ), every solicitor-
( a ) shall on each occasion on which he applies for a practising
certificate pay to the Society with the fee payable in respect
of that certificate under section 11 a contribution (in this
Schedule referred to as an " annual contribution " ) of such
amount as the Council may from time to time determine ;
and
( b) where it appears from his application for a practising certifi-
cate that he has held or received clients' money at any
time during the period specified in the application, shall
also, if so required by the Society, pay to the Society,
before the issue of the certificate, a further contribution
(in this Schedule referred to as a " special levy ") of such
amount not exceeding £ 50 as the Council may from time
to time determine .
( 2) An annual contribution and a special levy-
( a ) shall not be payable in respect of the first three practising
certificates to be issued to a solicitor after his admission :
and
c. 47
Solicitors Act 1974 1535
(b ) shall be payable in the reduced amount mentioned in sub-
SCH. 2
paragraph ( 3) in respect of the next three certificates to be
so issued.
( 3) The reduced amount referred to in sub-paragraph (2)(b) is one-
half of the amount which would otherwise be payable.
( 4 ) All annual contributions and special levies received by the
Society under this paragraph shall be paid into the fund.
3. The Society may invest in securities in which trustees are
authorised by law to invest trust funds in their hands any money
which forms part of the fund.
4. Subject to the provisions of section 1 of the Borrowing ( Control 1946 с. 58.
and Guarantees) Act 1946 and of any order under that section for
the time being in force, the Society may borrow for the purposes of
the fund from any lender and may charge any investments of the
fund by way of security for any such loan ; but the aggregate sum
owing at any one time in respect of such loans shall not exceed
£100,000.
5. The Society may insure with authorised insurers for such
purposes and on such terms as the Council may deem expedient in
relation to the fund.
6. There shall be carried to the credit of the fund-
(a ) all annual contributions and special levies paid to the Society
in pursuance of paragraph 2 ;
( b) all interest, dividends and other income and accretions of
capital arising from the investment of the fund or any part
of it ;
( c ) the proceeds of any realisation of any investments of the
fund;
( d ) all money borrowed for the purposes of the fund ;
(e ) all sums received by the Society under any insurance effected
by the society under paragraph 5 ;
( f ) all sums received by the Society under section 36( 4) ; and
( g ) any other money which may belong or accrue to the fund or
be received by the Society in respect of the fund.
7. All money from time to time forming part of the fund and all
investments of the fund shall be applicable-
( a ) for payment of any costs, charges and expenses of establish-
ing, maintaining, administering and applying the fund ;
( b ) for payment of any premiums on insurances affected by the
Society under paragraph 5 ;
( c ) for repayment of any money borrowed by the Society for the
purposes of the fund and for payment of interest on any
money so borrowed ;
( d ) for payment of any grants which the Society may make under
section 36 ;
c . 47
1536 Solicitors Act 1974
SCH. 2
Section 89.
1913 с. 27.
1974 с. 26.
1925 с. 49.
1949 с. 87.
1949 с. 101.
1957 с. 20.
1959 с. 22.
1969 с. 58.
1961 с. 44 . ( e ) for payment of all costs, charges and expenses incurred by
the Society by virtue of paragraph 1(1)( a ) of Schedule 1
and of any costs or damages incurred by the Society or
its employees or agents as a result of proceedings against
the Society or its employees or agents for any act or
omission done or made by it or them in good faith
and in the execution or purported execution of the powers
conferred by Part II of Schedule 1 ;
( f ) for payment of any other sums properly payable out of the
fund by virtue of section 36 or this Schedule.
SCHEDULE 3
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
1. In section 3( 3) of the Forgery Act 1913, in paragraph (e) after
the words " the Commissioner for Oaths Act 1889 " insert, in place
of the words inserted there by Schedule 2 to the Solicitors ( Amend-
ment) Act 1974, the words " or the Solicitors Act 1974 ".
2. In section 216( 1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature ( Con-
solidation) Act 1925, in paragraph (a ) after the word " oaths " insert ,
in place of the words inserted there by Schedule 2 to the Solicitors
( Amendment) Act 1974, the words " and by solicitors exercising the
powers of commissioners for oaths by virtue of section 81 of the
Solicitors Act 1974 " .
3. In Section 88( 5) of the Patents Act 1949, for the words " section
forty-seven of the Solicitors Act 1932 " substitute the words " section
22 of the Solicitors Act 1974 " .
4. In section 20( 3) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949-
( a ) for the words " subsection (1) of section 2 of the Solicitors
( Amendment) Act 1956 ", and
(b) for the words " the Solicitors Acts 1932 to 1956 ",
substitute, in place of the words substituted for those words by
Schedule 2 to the Solicitors ( Amendment ) Act 1974, the words " the
Solicitors Act 1974 " .
5. In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualifi-
cation Act 1957 insert, in place of the entry inserted there by
Schedule 2 to the Solicitors ( Amendment) Act 1974, the following
entry:-
" Lay observer appointed under section 45 of the Solicitors Act
1974. "
6. In section 192( 2) of the County Courts Act 1959 (as substi-
tuted by section 10( 2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1969),
for paragraph ( c ) substitute the following paragraph : -
" (c ) section 69( 3) of the Solicitors Act 1974 ".
7. In section 1( 2 ) of the Barristers (Qualification for Office) Act
1961 , for the words " the Solicitors Act 1957 " substitute the words
" the Solicitors Act 1974 " .
c.47
Solicitors Act 1974 1537
8. In section 4( 2 ) of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1967, for the
SCH. 3
words " section 73( 4) of the Solicitors Act 1957 " substitute the words 1967 c. 56.
" section 74( 3) of the Solicitors Act 1974 " .
9. In section 223(1) of the Local Government Act 1972, for the 1972 c. 70.
words " the Solicitors Acts 1957 to 1965 " substitute the words " the
Solicitors Act 1974 " .
10. In Schedule 2 to the Legal Aid Act 1974, in paragraph 4( 2) 1974 c. 4.
for the words " subsection ( 4 ) of section 73 of the Solicitors Act
1957 " substitute the words " subsection ( 3) of section 74 of the
Solicitors Act 1974 " .
SCHEDULE 4
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Section 89.
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
12&13 Geo. 6. с . 21. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
с. 27.
1965 с. 31 .
1969 с. 58.
The Solicitors, Public Notaries, &c. , Act 1949.
The Solicitors Act 1957.
The Solicitors Act 1965.
The Administration of Justice
Act 1969.
1973 с. 14.
The Costs in Criminal Cases
Act 1973 .
The Administration of Justice
Act 1973 .
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
The whole Act.
In Schedule 1 , the entry
relating to the Solicitors
Act 1957.
InSchedule 1, paragraph 2.
1973 с. 15.
Section 4.
In Schedule 1 , paragraph
1973 с. 62.
The Powers of Criminal Courts
9 ( 2 ).
In Schedule 5, paragraph 9.
Act 1973 .
1974 с. 26. The Solicitors ( Amendment)
Act1974. The whole Act.
Part II T
c . 48 1539
ELIZABETH II
PENSE
OH
ETMONDROIT
Railways Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 48
An Act to amend the law relating to the British Railways
Board; to make provision for the performance by the
Secretary of State of functions in relation to the
Board under certain regulations of the Council of the
European Communities relating to transport; to make
provision with respect to certain pension schemes ; to
make provision for grants in connection with freight
haulage facilities ; to make provision with respect to
the chairmen of Transport Consultative Committees ;
and for connected purposes . [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1) On 1st January 1975 there shall be extinguished so Reduction in
much of the liability of the Railways Board on that date in capital debt of
respect of-
the Railways
Board.
( a) the commencing capital debt of the Board under section
39 of the 1962 Act, and
( b) the principal of money borrowed by the Board from the
Secretary of State under section 19 of that Act,
as is necessary to reduce that liability to £250 million.
( 2 ) Of the amount in respect of which the Board's liability
is extinguished by subsection ( 1) above, such part as the Secre-
tary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct
shall be treated as reducing the commencing capital debt of the
Board and the remainder shall be treated as reducing the prin-
cipal of money borrowed as aforesaid .
T2
c .48
1540 Railways Act 1974
( 3) The assets of the National Loans Fund shall accordingly
be reduced by the amount in respect of which the Board's
liability is so extinguished.
Increase in
2. In section 42( 6 ) of the 1968 Act (which limits the aggre-
borrowing
powers ofthe gate amount which may be outstanding in respect of the
Railways
principal of money borrowed by the Railways Board and the
Board .
Board's commencing capital debt to £550 million or such greater
sum not exceeding £700 million as the Secretary of State may by
order specify ) for the words " £550 million " there shall be
substituted the words " £600 million " and for the words
" £700 million " there shall be substituted the words " £900
million".
Functions of
the Secretary
of State in
relation to the
Railways
Board under
certain
transport
regulations.
3.-( 1) The Secretary of State shall be the competent authority
of Great Britain in relation to the Railways Board for the pur-
poses of the relevant transport regulations and, as that authority,
may give directions to the Board imposing on them obligations
of a general nature with respect to the operation of the whole or
any part of their railway passenger system .
( 2 ) It shall fall to the Secretary of State to make any payments
which are required to be made to the Board by any provision of
those regulations and he may, subject to and in accordance with
the provisions of those regulations, determine the manner of
calculating, and the conditions applicable to, those payments.
(3) Any directions under subsection ( 1 ) above may be varied or
revoked by subsequent directions thereunder.
( 4) The power of giving directions under subsection ( 1) above
shall be so exercised that the aggregate amount of any com-
pensation payable under the relevant transport regulations in
respect of all obligations imposed by directions for the time being
in force under that subsection shall not exceed £900 million
or such greater sum not exceeding £1,500 million as may be
specified by Order in Council.
( 5) Her Majesty shall not be recommended to make an Order
under subsection ( 4 ) above unless a draft of the Order has been
approved by resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.
(6 ) The obligations imposed by any directions under subsec-
tion ( 1) above shall not give rise to any form of duty or liability
enforceable against the Board by proceedings before any court
to which the Board would not otherwise be subject.
( 7 ) Section 39 of the 1968 Act (grants for unremunerative
passenger services) shall cease to have effect.
The Board's
4.- ( 1 ) The Railways Board shall, in framing and carrying out
duties in
relation to
proposals involving substantial expenditure of a capital nature
policies, plans by the Board or a subsidiary of theirs, act on lines settled from
and
time to time with the approval of the Secretary of State .
information.
c . 48
Railways Act 1974 1541
( 2) The Railways Board shall, in formulating policies and
plans for the general conduct of their undertaking and the
businesses of their subsidiaries, act on lines settled from time to
time with the approval of the Secretary of State.
( 3) The Railways Board shall furnish the Secretary of State
with such information as he may specify in writing and the Board
have or can reasonably be expected to obtain with respect to
such matters relating to the Board or any subsidiary of theirs
or their activities ( past, present or future ), plans or property as
the Secretary of State may so specify and the information so
specified shall be furnished in such manner and at such times as
he may so specify.
( 4) Without prejudice to subsection ( 3) above, the Railways
Board shall, as soon as possible after the end of each accounting
year of the Board and in accordance with subsection (5) below,
make to the Secretary of State a report on the exercise and per-
formance by them of their functions during that year and on
their policy and programme and the Secretary of State shall lay
a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.
( 5 ) The report made by the Railways Board under subsection
( 4 ) above shall-
( a) include such information as the Secretary of State may
from time to time specify in writing with respect to any
matter on which the Board is to report to him under
that subsection ;
( b) set out any directions given by the Secretary of State
to the Board under the 1962 Act or section 3(1) above
during that year, unless the Secretary of State has
notified the Board his opinion that it is against the
interests of national security to do so ; and
( c ) include a statement of the salaries or fees and of the
emoluments of each of the members of the Board during
that year.
( 6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect
in relation to the Railways Board in place of subsections (2),
( 7) and ( 8) of section 27 of the 1962 Act ( which require the
Boards constituted by that Act to consult the Secretary of State
on certain capital expenditure and to furnish him with certain
information and an annual report) ; and accordingly the words
" (other than the Railways Board) " shall be inserted after the
words " A Board " in subsection (2) and after the words " each
Board " in subsections ( 7 ) and ( 8) of that section.
5.-( 1 ) The Railways Board shall, subject to and in accordance Railway, etc. ,
with the following provisions of this section, provide the money pension
for funding the prescribed obligations owed by the Board in schemes.
T3
c .48
1542 Railways Act 1974
connection with any prescribed relevant pension schemes in
force on the appointed day, in so far as those obligations have
not been funded before that day.
( 2) The obligations which may be prescribed under subsection
(1 ) above shall not include any obligation imposed on the Board
by an amendment made to a pension scheme after the appointed
day or an obligation of the Board arising after that day to pay
increases of pensions payable under any such scheme in excess
1971 с . 56.
of the increases payable on official pensions under the Pensions
( Increase ) Act 1971 .
( 3) The money to be provided for funding the prescribed
obligations shall, for any prescribed period, be a prescribed
aggregate amount which shall be apportioned in accordance
with an order made by the Secretary of State with the consent
of the Treasury between the prescribed pension schemes and-
( a ) the amounts so apportioned shall be debts of the
Railways Board to the person administering those
schemes respectively, to be paid off by the prescribed
instalments and on the prescribed dates ; and
( b) interest at the prescribed rate shall be payable on those
debts on prescribed dates .
( 4 ) Different provision may be made b an order made by
virtue of subsection (3) (a) above for different debts.
( 5) An order made under this section may be varied or revoked
by a subsequent order thereunder, but not so as-
( a) to reduce the principal of any debt of the Railways
Board to the persons administering a prescribed
pension scheme below the minimum amount prescribed
for that debt by the order by virtue of which the debt
was created ; or
( b) to alter the date by which any instalment of any such
debt is to be paid off or the rate of interest payable
on any such debt.
( 6 ) No order shall be made under this section after the end of
1979.
(7) The Railways Board may, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of State, appoint persons ( who may be the Board) to be
trustees to act on behalf of persons administering a prescribed
pension scheme and on trusts approved by him for the purposes
of this section ; and where trustees are so appointed payments
under this section in respect of the principal of or interest on
the debts due by virtue of this section to the persons administer-
ing the prescribed pension scheme may be made by the Board to
those trustees .
c.48
Railways Act 1974 1543
( 8) The funding of an obligation under this section shall not
discharge the obligation so far as it is one to pay pensions or
increases of pension under the relevant pension scheme owed
to the persons to whom pensions or increases of pension are or
may become payable under the scheme or is an obligation to
secure the payment of those pensions or increases.
( 9) If the persons administering a prescribed pension scheme
have no power to amend the scheme apart from this subsection,
they may amend it by instrument in writing for the purpose
of bringing it into conformity with any provision of this section
or section 6 below or any order under either section, and any
power of amending any such scheme apart from this subsection
may for that purpose be exercised without regard to any limita-
tions on the exercise of the power and without compliance with
any procedural provisions applicable to its exercise .
(10) The Secretary of State shall, in so far as he is not required
to do so under any of the relevant transport regulations,
reimburse the Railways Board in respect of any sums paid
under this section in respect of the principal of or interest
on the debts due by virtue of this section, and any sums required
by him for that purpose shall be paid out of money provided
by Parliament.
6.- (1) In section 5 above and this section-
Provisions
supplementary
"appointed day " means such day as may be appointed for to section5 .
the purposes of that section and this section by an order
made by the Secretary of State ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by an order made by the
Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury.
( 2) In section 5 above and this section " relevant pension
scheme " means-
( a ) a pension scheme in relation to which rights, liabilities
and functions were conferred or imposed on the Rail-
ways Board by an instrument made under or by virtue
of any provision of the 1962 Act ; or
( b) a pension scheme established by the Board for the
provision of pensions for or in respect of persons who
are or have at any time been employed by the Board or
any subsidiary of theirs.
(3) Where at any time, whether before or after the appointed
day, the Railways Board pay pensions payable under a pre-
scribed pension scheme or increases in such pensions, the Board
shall be treated for the purposes of section 5 above as being
under an obligation at that time to make those payments.
T4
с . 48
1544 Railways Act 1974
( 4) References in section 5 above to persons administering a
pension scheme shall be construed, in a case where the Railways
Board administer the scheme, as references to the Board ; and
in such a case-
(a ) references in that section to a debt of the Board to those
persons shall be construed as references to a liability
of the Board to appropriate sums for the benefit of the
scheme ; and
(b) references to the payment of sums in respect of the
principal of or interest on such a debt shall be con-
strued accordingly.
(5) Where it appears to the Railways Board that there is a
doubt as to who are the persons administering a pension scheme,
the Board may by instrument in writing specify the persons ( who
may be the Board) who are to be treated for the purposes of
section 5 above as the persons administering the scheme.
(6) Any power to make an order under section 5 above or
this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any
such instrument, other than one appointing a day for the
purposes of that section and this section, shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House
of Parliament.
Reimburse-
7.- ( 1) The Secretary of State may, out of money provided
ment of the
by Parliament, reimburse the Railways Board in respect of any
Board's
expenditure incurred by them-
expenditure in repaying deposits of
( a ) in repaying to the persons administering any pension
scheme to which the British Railways Board ( Altera-
pension funds.
tion of Pension Schemes) Order 1973 relates, or any
S.I. 1973/2019.
order varying or replacing that Order, sums which
belong to the fund of that pension scheme but are for
the time being deposited with the Board or were
before the coming into force of that Order applied to
the general purposes of the Board's undertaking ; or
( b) in paying interest on those sums.
( 2) Where the persons administering a pension scheme are
the Railways Board the reference in subsection (1) above to
the repayment of sums shall be construed as a reference to the
appropriation of sums for the benefit of the fund of that pension
scheme, and the reference to expenditure shall be construed
accordingly.
Grants
to assist the
provision
offacilities
for freight
haulage
by rail.
8.- (1 ) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that it
would be in the interests of any locality or of all or some of its
inhabitants for facilities to be provided in that locality or else-
where for or in connection with the loading or unloading of
с . 48
Railways Act 1974 1545
freight carried or intended to be carried by rail, he may out
of money provided by Parliament make grants subject to and in
accordance with this section towards the provision of such
facilities.
( 2 ) Grants under this section shall be made towards expendi-
ture which appears to the Secretary of State to be expenditure of
acapital nature which has been or is to be incurred in providing
such facilities, and the facilities may, without prejudice to the
generality of subsection (1 ) above, include railway sidings ,
depots, access roads and equipment for use in connection with
the loading or unloading of freight.
( 3) Grants under this section shall be made in pursuance of
an application made to the Secretary of State by the person who
is in the course of providing or intends to provide the facilities
and shall be supported by evidence that the Railways Board have
given that person their approval for the provision by him of the
facilities to which the application relates .
( 4) The Secretary of State may, in making a grant under this
section, impose such terms and conditions as he thinks fit.
9.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, instead of paying the Salaries of
chairman of a Consultative Committee an allowance under chairmen of
section 55( 3) of the 1968 Act in respect of loss of remunerative Transport
Consultative
time, pay him out of money provided by Parliament such Committees.
remuneration as the Secretary of State may determine with the
consent of the Minister for the Civil Service.
( 2 ) In this section Consultative Committee means the Central
Transport Consultative Committee for Great Britain or an Area
Transport Users Consultative Committee established under
section 56 of the 1962 Act.
( 3) In Part III of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons 1957 c. 20.
Disqualification Act 1957 (offices the holders of which are dis-
qualified for membership of the House of Commons), as it
applies in relation to the House of Commons of the Parliament
of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted at the appropriate
place in alphabetical order the words-
" Paid Chairman of the Central Transport Consultative
Committee for Great Britain or of an Area Transport Users
Consultative Committee established under section 56 of the
Transport Act 1962. "
c.48
1546 Railways Act 1974
Short title,
interpretation,
extent and
commence-
ment.
1962 с. 46.
1968 с. 73.
10.-(1) This Act may be cited as the Railways Act 1974 .
( 2 ) In this Act-
66
the 1962 Act " means the Transport Act 1962 ;
"
the 1968 Act " means the Transport Act 1968 ;
" the relevant transport regulations " means Council Regu-
lation (EEC) No. 1191/69 on public service obligations
in transport and Council Regulation (EEC) No. 1192/
69 on common rules with respect to the financial status
of railway undertakings ;
and expressions used in this Act and in the 1962 Act have the
same meaning in this Act as they have in that Act.
( 3) This Act, except sections 3 and 8, extends to Northern
Ireland.
( 4 ) Sections 1, 2 and 3( 7) above shall come into force on
1st January 1975.
c .49 1547
ELIZABETH II
OPENSE
DROIZ
SINOHE
DIEU ET MON
Insurance
Companies
1974
1974 CHAPTER 49
Act
An Act to consolidate, with certain exceptions, the
provisions of the Insurance Companies Acts 1958 to
1973. [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament.
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
RESTRICTION ON CARRYING ON INSURANCE BUSINESS
Preliminary
1.-(1) The classes of insurance business relevant for the Classes of
purposes of this Part of this Act are-
( a) ordinary long-term insurance business ;
(b) industrial assurance business ;
insurance
business
relevant for
Part I.(c ) liability insurance business ;
(d) marine, aviation and transport insurance business ;
(e) motor vehicle insurance business ;
( f ) pecuniary loss insurance business ;
( g) personal accident insurance business ;
(h) property insurance business .
c.49
1548 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART I ( 2) In this Act " long term business " means insurance business
of either or both of the classes mentioned in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of subsection ( 1) above and includes, in relation to any
insurance company, insurance business carried on by the com-
pany as incidental only to any such class of business ; and
" general business " means insurance business not being long
term business.
Persons
permitted to
carry on
insurance
business.
1974 с. 52.
1896 с. 25.
Authorised insurers
2.-(1) No person shall carry on in Great Britain insurance
business of a class relevant for the purposes of this Part of this
Act, other than industrial assurance business, except-
(a) a body corporate which is authorised under section 3
below to carry on business of that class ;
( b ) an unincorporated body of persons which is authorised
under that section to carry on business of that class,
being a body which immediately before 3rd November
1966 was carrying on insurance business (whether of
that class or not ) in Great Britain ;
( c ) a member of Lloyd's, or of any other association of
underwriters approved for the purposes of this Part of
this Act by the Secretary of State ;
( d ) a body registered under the Acts relating to friendly
societies ; or
(e) a trade union or employers' association ( within the
meaning of the Trade Union and Labour Relations
Act 1974) where the insurance business carried on by
the union or association is limited to the provision
for its members of provident benefits or strike benefits .
( 2 ) No person shall carry on in Great Britain industrial
assurance business except-
(a) a body corporate which is authorised under section 3
below to carry on such business ; or
(b) a society registered under the Friendly Societies Act
1896, being a friendly society within the meaning of
thatAct.
(3) Subsection ( 1 ) above shall not preclude any person from
carrying on pecuniary loss insurance business if he carries it on
solely in the course of carrying on, and for the purposes of,
banking business .
( 4 ) The Acts mentioned in subsection (1)( d ) above include
Acts of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and Measures of
Insurance Companies Act 1974 c .49 1549
the Northern Ireland Assembly, and the reference in subsection
( 2) (b) above to the Friendly Societies Act 1896 includes a refer-
ence to that Act as it applies to Northern Ireland and to any
enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or Measure of
the Northern Ireland Assembly re-enacting that Act with or
without modifications .
PART I
3.-( 1 ) A body corporate and, subject to subsection (2) below, Authorisations.
an unincorporated body of persons shall be authorised to carry
on in Great Britain insurance business of a class relevant for the
purposes of this Part of this Act if either-
(a) it was carrying on in Great Britain insurance business
of that class immediately before 3rd November 1966
( and was not then carrying on business in contraven-
tion of section 2( 1) of the Insurance Companies Act 1958 c. 72.
1958) ; or
( b) it is authorised by the Secretary of State to carry on
insurance business of that class.
( 2 ) An unincorporated body of persons shall not be authorised
under either paragraph of subsection ( 1) above to carry on
industrial assurance business and no such body shall be auth-
orised under paragraph (b) of that subsection to carry on
insurance business of any other class unless it was carrying on
in Great Britain insurance business (whether of that class or not)
immediately before 3rd November 1966.
4.-( 1) Subject to section 8 below, the Secretary of State shall Margin of
not issue an authorisation under section 3(1)(b) above (here- solvency
after referred to as " an authorisation ") in respect of any body required for
authorisation.
unless he is satisfied
(a) in a case in which the body is, when the authorisation is
applied for, carrying on (whether within or outside
Great Britain) general business and has completed its
first financial year, that the value of its assets exceeds
the amount of its liabilities by the relevant amount ;
( b) in any other case, that it has assets whose value amounts
(after deduction, if it has liabilities, of the amount
thereof ) to not less than £50,000.
( 2) For the purposes of subsection ( 1)(a) above the relevant
amount is, subject to subsection (3) below, in each of the cases
set out in the first column of the following Table, the amount
specified in relation to that case in the second column of that
Table.
c . 49
1550 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART I TABLE
Case Relevant Amount
1. The general premium income of £50,000.
the body in its last preceding
financial year did not exceed
£250,000.
2. The said income in that year
exceeded £250,000 but did not
exceed £2,500,000.
One fifth of the said
income in that year.
3. The said income in that year The aggregate of £500,000
exceeded £2,500,000. and one tenth of the
amount by which the
said income in that year
exceeded £2,500,000.
( 3) In the case of a body whose last preceding financial year
was not a period of twelve months (other than a body which has
not completed its second financial year and whose first financial
year was a period of less than twelve months) subsection (2)
above shall have effect-
( a) with the substitution for each number specified in the
Table (other than 50,000 and 500,000) of a number
equal to the product derived by multiplying the num-
ber so specified by the relevant fraction ; and
(b) with the substitution for each fraction specified in that
Table of a fraction equal to the quotient derived by
dividing the fraction so specified by the relevant
fraction ;
and for the purposes of this subsection the relevant fraction is a
fraction whose numerator is the number of days in the body's
last preceding financial year and whose denominator is 365.
( 4) For the purposes of this section-
(a ) in computing the amount of the liabilties of a body, all
contingent and prospective liabilities shall be taken into
account but not liabilities in respect of share capital ;
and
( b ) the general premium income of a body in any year
shall be taken to be the net amount, after deduction
of any premiums paid by the body for reinsurance , of
the premiums received by the body in that year in
respect of all insurance business other than long term
business.
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1551
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets
PART I
and the amount of any liabilities shall, subject to subsection (6)
below, be determined in accordance with any applicable regula-
tions made under section 78 below ( hereafter referred to as
" valuation regulations "), and subsection ( 4) ( a) above shall have
effect subject to any such regulations made by virtue of subsection
(2 ) of that section.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section the amount of the liabilities
of the long term business of a body at any time shall be taken
to be-
( a) an amount equal to the total amount at that time
standing to the credit of the fund or funds maintained
by the body in respect of its long term business ; or
(b ) the amount of those liabilities at that time as determined
in accordance with any applicable valuation regulations ,
whichever is the greater.
5. Subject to section 8 below, the Secretary of State shall not Paid up
issue an authorisation in respect of any body corporate ( other share capital
than a registered society ) which has a share capital unless the required for
amount paid up thereon is £100,000 or more. authorisation.
6. The Secretary of State shall not issue an authorisation in Reinsurance
respect of any body unless he is satisfied, as regards each class arrangements
of risks against which, in the course of carrying on business, the required for
authorisation.
body insures or proposes to insure persons-
( a ) that adequate arrangements are in force, or will be made,
for the reinsurance of risks of that class against which
persons are, or are to be, insured by the body in the
course of carrying on business ; or
(b) that it is justifiable not to make arrangements for that
purpose.
7.- (1 ) The Secretary of State shall not issue an authorisation No
in respect of any body ( " the relevant body ") if it appears to authorisation forbody under
him that any director, controller or manager of that body is not control etc. of
a fit and proper person to be a director, controller or manager unfit persons.
of that body, as the case may be.
( 2 ) In this section " controller ", in relation to the relevant
body, means-
( a ) a managing director of the relevant body or of a body
corporate of which it is a subsidiary ;
( b) a chief executive of the relevant body or of a body
corporate, being an insurance company, of which it
is a subsidiary ;
c .49
1552 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART I ( c ) a person-
(i) in accordance with whose directions or instruc-
tions the directors of the relevant body or of a body
corporate of which it is a subsidiary (or any of them)
are accustomed to act ; or
(ii) who, either alone or with any associate or
associates, is entitled to exercise, or control the
exercise of, one third or more of the voting power at
any general meeting of the relevant body or of a
body corporate of which it is a subsidiary.
(3) In this section " manager " , in relation to the relevant body,
means a person (other than a chief executive) employed by that
body who, under the immediate authority of a director or chief
executive of that body-
( a) exercises managerial functions ; or
(b) is responsible for maintaining accounts or other records
of that body,
not being a person whose functions relate exclusively to business
conducted from a place of business outside Great Britain .
( 4) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, in this section " chief
executive ", in relation to the relevant body or a body corporate
of which it is a subsidiary, means a person employed by the
relevant body or that body corporate, who, either alone or
jointly with one or more other persons, is responsible under the
immediate authority of the directors for the conduct of the whole
of the insurance business of the relevant body or that body
corporate.
(5) In relation to a relevant body incorporated outside Great
Britain--
( a) the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) above
to a managing director of that body includes a refer-
ence to a person who is a managing director of that
body in respect of so much of its insurance business
as is carried on within Great Britain ; and
( b) the reference in paragraph ( b) of that subsection to a
chief executive of that body includes a reference to a
person employed by that body who, either alone or
jointly with one or more other persons, is responsible
( whether or not under the immediate authority of the
directors) for the conduct of the whole of the insurance
business carried on by that body within Great Britain
but, if he is responsible also for the conduct of insur-
ance business carried on by it elsewhere, only if there
is no other person subordinate to him who is respon-
sible for the conduct of the whole of the insurance
business carried on by it within Great Britain.
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1553
( 6) In this section " associate ", in relation to any person,
PART I
means-
(a) the wife or husband or minor son or daughter of that
person ;
( b) any company of which that person is a director ;
( c) any person who is an employee or partner of that
person ;
( d ) if that person is a company-
(i) any director of that company ;
(ii) any subsidiary of that company ;
(iii) any director or employee of any such sub-
sidiary ;
66
and for the purposes of this subsection " son ود
includes step-son
66
and adopted son, daughter " includes step- daughter and
adopted daughter and " minor ", in relation to Scotland, includes
pupil.
8.-( 1) This section applies to the issue of an authorisation Authorisation
to a body in a case in which the Secretary of State is satisfied for business
that the purpose for which the authorisation is sought is to enable limited to
the body to carry on business for the purpose only of insuring risks of
persons or
persons of a limited class or of insuring persons against risks of specified class .
a limited category of the class against which insurance cannot,
in the absence of the authorisation, lawfully be undertaken by
the body in the course of carrying on business in Great Britain .
(2) Sections 4 and 5 above shall not apply to an authorisation
to which this section applies, but any such authorisation may
contain provision imposing on the body either or both of the
following obligations-
( a ) to refrain, in the course of carrying on business of the
class to which the authorisation relates, from insuring
persons other than of a specified class ;
(b) to refrain, as aforesaid, from insuring persons against
risks other than of a specified class .
(3) An obligation binding on a body by virtue of subsection
( 2) above may be discharged by the Secretary of State if it
appears to him to be no longer necessary for the obligation to
continue in force or may be varied by him at any time.
9.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may direct that a body shall Termination of
cease to be authorised under either paragraph of section 3(1 ) authorisations .
above to carry on insurance business of a class relevant for
the purposes of this Part of this Act if that body ceases to
carry on in Great Britain insurance business of that class .
( 2) The Secretary of State may direct that a body shall cease
to be authorised under paragraph (b) of section 3(1) above to
с .49
1554 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART I
Power to
amend ss. 4
and5.
Offences under
PartI.
Insurance
companies to which Part II
applies. carry on insurance business of a class relevant for the purposes
of this Part of this Act if that body does not, before the expiration
of the period of twelve months beginning with the day next
following that on which the authorisation was issued, commence
to carry on in Great Britain isurance business of that class.
( 3) A direction under this section is without prejudice to the
subsequent issue of an authorisation to carry on insurance
business of the class to which the direction relates.
Supplementary
10.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order amend the
provisions of section 4( 1) to ( 4) and section 5 above by substitut-
ing for any amount specified in or to be determined in accord-
ance with those provisions (whether as originally enacted or as
amended by a previous order under this section ) an amount
specified in or to be determined in accordance with the order.
( 2) The power to make orders under this section includes
power to vary or revoke a previous order, and an order under
this section may make different provision in relation to different
cases or circumstances.
11.-(1 ) A person who carries on business in contravention
of this Part of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) A person who for the purpose of obtaining the issue of
an authorisation furnishes information which he knows to be
false in a material particular or recklessly furnishes information
which is false in a material particular shall be guilty of an
offence.
(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be
liable-
( a ) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both ;
( b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400.
( 4 ) A body corporate or unincorporated body of persons
shall not be taken to carry on insurance business in contraven-
tion of this Part of this Act by reason only of carrying on
business for the purpose of discharging liabilities lawfully
assumed by it before 27th July 1967.
PART II
REGULATION OF INSURANCE COMPANIES
Preliminary
12.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, this Part of
this Act applies to all insurance companies, whether established
within or outside Great Britain, which carry on insurance
business within Great Britain.
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1555
( 2) This Part of this Act does not apply to any insurance
company which is registered under the Acts relating to friendly
societies.
(3) Where a trade union or an employers' association carries
on insurance business, this Part of this Act does not apply to
it as an insurance company if the insurance business is limited
to the provision for its members of provident benefits or strike
benefits.
In this subsection " trade union " and " employers' associa-
tion " have the same meanings respectively as they have in the
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974.
( 4 ) This Part of this Act does not apply to a member of
Lloyd's, or of any other association of underwriters approved
for the purposes of Part I of this Act by the Secretary of State,
who carries on insurance business of any class provided that
he complies with the requirements set out in section 73 below
and applicable to business of that class .
( 5) This Part of this Act does not apply to a person by reason
only that he carries on pecuniary loss insurance business in the
course of carrying on, and for the purposes of, banking business.
( 6 ) The Acts mentioned in subsection ( 2) above include Acts
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and Measures of the
Northern Ireland Assembly.
PART II
1974 с. 52.
Accounts and statements
13.-( 1 ) Every insurance company to which this Part of this Annual
Act applies shall, with respect to each financial year of the com- accounts and
pany, prepare a revenue account for the year, a balance sheet balance sheets.
as at the end of the year and a profit and loss account for the
year or, in the case of a company not trading for profit, an
income and expenditure account for the year.
( 2 ) The contents of the documents required by subsection ( 1 )
above to be prepared shall be such as may be prescribed, but
regulations may provide for enabling information required to be
given by such documents to be given instead in a note thereon
or statement or report annexed thereto or may require there to
be given in such a note, statement or report such information in
addition to that given in the documents as may be prescribed.
( 3) Regulations may, as respects such matters stated in such
documents as aforesaid or in statements or reports annexed
thereto as may be prescribed, require there to be given by such
persons as may be prescribed and to be annexed to the docu-
ments certificates of such matters as may be prescribed.
1556 Insurance Companies Act 1974
c . 49
PART II
( 4) If a form is prescribed for any such document as aforesaid
or as that in which information authorised or required to be
given in a statement or report annexed to any such document
is to be given or for a certificate to be so annexed, the document
shall be prepared, the information shall be given or, as the case
may be, the certificate shall be framed, in that form.
Periodic
actuarial
investigation
of company
with long
term business .
1973 с. 58.
14.-( 1 ) Every insurance company to which this Part of this
Act applies which carries on long term business-
( a) shall, once in every three years or at such shorter inter-
vals as may be prescribed by the deed of settlement
of the company or by its regulations or byelaws ,
cause an investigation to be made into its financial
condition in respect of that business, including a valua-
tion of its liabilities in respect thereof, by the person
who for the time being is its actuary under section
15( 1 ) below or section 3(5) of the Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 ; and
(b) when such an investigation has been made, or when at
any other time an investigation into the financial
condition of the company in respect of its long term
business has been made with a view to the distribution
of profits, or the results of which are made public,
shall cause an abstract of the actuary's report of the
investigation to be made.
(2) Where under subsection ( 1 ) above an insurance company
causes an abstract to be made of the report of an actuary on
his investigation into the financial condition of the company in
respect of its long term business, the company shall prepare a
statement of its long term business at the date to which the
accounts of the company are made up for the purposes of the
investigation :
Provided that if the investigation is made annually the
company may prepare such a statement at any time so long as
it is made at least once in every five years .
( 3) For the purposes of any investigation to which this
section applies the value of any assets and the amount of any
liabilities shall be determined in accordance with any applicable
valuation regulations .
( 4) The form and contents of any abstract or statement under
this section shall be such as may be prescribed.
Appointment
of actuary by
company with
long term
business.
15.-( 1 ) Every insurance company to which this Part of
this Act applies shall within one month of beginning to carry
on long term business appoint an actuary as actuary to the
company; and whenever an appointment under this section
or section 3 ( 5) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1557
comes to an end the company shall as soon as practicable make
PART II
a fresh appointment.
( 2) A company making an appointment under this section
shall within fourteen days serve on the Secretary of State a
written notice stating that fact and the name and qualifications
of the person appointed ; and if an appointment under this
section or the said section 3( 5) comes to an end the company
shall within fourteen days serve on the Secretary of State a
written notice stating that fact and the name of the person
concerned.
16. Classes of insurance business may be prescribed for the Annual
purposes of this section, and every insurance company to which statements by
this Part of this Act applies which carries on such business of a companywith
prescribed class shall annually prepare the prescribed statement class of
prescribed prescho
of business of that class, being, if a form is prescribed for the insurance
statement, a statement in the prescribed form.
business.
17.-( 1 ) The accounts and balance sheets of every insurance Audit of
company to which this Part of this Act applies shall be audited accounts.
in the prescribed manner by a person of the prescribed descrip-
tion, and regulations made for the purposes of this section may
apply to such companies the provisions of the Companies Acts
1948 to 1967 relating to audit, subject to such adaptations and
modifications as may appear necessary or expedient.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above the reference to accounts and
balance sheets shall include a reference to any statement or
report annexed thereto giving information authorised or required
by virtue of section 13( 2) above to be given in a statement or
report so annexed.
18.- ( 1 ) Every account, balance sheet, abstract or statement Deposit of
required by sections 13, 14 and 16 above and any report of accounts etc.
with
the auditor of the company made in pursuance of section 17 Secretary of
above shall be printed, and five copies shall be deposited with State.
the Secretary of State within six months after the close of the
period to which the account, balance sheet, abstract, statement
or report relates :
Provided that if in any case it is made to appear to the
Secretary of State that the circumstances are such that a longer
period than six months should be allowed, the Secretary of
State may extend that period by such period not exceeding three
months as he thinks fit.
( 2 ) There shall be deposited with the Secretary of State, at
the same time as the documents mentioned in subsection (1)
c. 49
1558 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II above, five printed copies of a statement of the names and the
connection with the company of any persons who, during the
period to which those documents relate-
( a) were authorised by the company to issue, or to the
knowledge of the company have issued, any such
invitation in relation to the company as is mentioned
in subsection ( 1)(a) of section 64 below; and
( b) were connected with the company as provided by
regulations under that section.
( 3) One of the copies of any document deposited under
subsection ( 1) or (2) above except an auditor's report shall be
a copy signed-
( a) in any case-
(i) where there are more than two directors of
the company, by at least two of those directors and,
where there are not more than two directors, by
all the directors ;
(ii) by a chief executive, if any, of the company
or (if there is no chief executive) by the secretary,
if any ; and
( b ) in the case of an abstract or statement under section 14
above, by the actuary who made the investigation to
which the abstract relates or by reference to which the
statement was prepared.
( 4) One of the copies of any auditor's report deposited under
subsection ( 1 ) above shall be a copy signed by the auditor.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State shall consider the documents
deposited under subsections ( 1) and (2) above, and if any such
document appears to him to be inaccurate or incomplete in
any respect he shall communicate with the company with a view
to the correction of any such inaccuracies and the supply of
deficiencies.
(6 ) There shall be deposited with every revenue account and
balance sheet of a company any report on the affairs of the
company submitted to the shareholders or policy holders of
the company in respect of the financial year to which the
account and balance sheet relate.
( 7 ) In this section any reference to an account or balance
sheet includes a reference to any statement or report annexed
thereto giving information authorised or required by virtue of
subsection (2) of section 13 above to be so given and any certifi-
cate so annexed by virtue of subsection ( 3) of that section.
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1559
19.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, an insurance PART II
company shall forward by post or otherwise to any shareholder Right of
or policy holder who applies for one- shareholders
andpolicy
(a) a printed copy of any of the documents last deposited holders to
by the company under subsection (1) or ( 2) of section receive
18 above ; copies of
deposited
(b) a copy of any document supplied to the Secretary of documents.
State under subsection (5) of that section which relates
to any of those documents ;
(c) a copy of any report deposited with any of those docu-
ments under subsection ( 6 ) of that section.
( 2) If, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, the disclosure
of information contained in-
(a) a statement or report annexed to a document prepared
in pursuance of section 13(1) above by an insurance
company ; or
(b) a statement prepared in pursuance of section 16 above
by such a company,
would be harmful to the business of the company or of any
of its subsidiaries, the Secretary of State may dispense the com-
pany from complying with the obligation imposed by subsection
(1) above to forward a copy of the document containing the
information to a shareholder or policy holder who applies for it.
20.-( 1 ) A registered society (other than one registered in Deposit of
Northern Ireland) shall, in addition to depositing with the Secre- accounts etc.
tary of State, as required by section 18 above, five copies of by registered
each document to which subsections (1) and ( 2) of that section society.
apply, deposit, within the time limited by virtue of that section
for depositing them, a copy with the appropriate registrar, being
a copy signed by the like persons as those by whom the copies
deposited under that section are required to be signed.
( 2 ) Subsection (6 ) of the said section 18 shall have effect in
relation to the deposit by virtue of this section of accounts and
balance sheets as it has effect in relation to the deposit by virtue
of that section of accounts and balance sheets .
(3) Section 71 ( 1 ) of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 с. 12.
1965 (which empowers the Treasury to make regulations respect-
ing, among other things, the inspection of documents kept by
the appropriate registrar under that Act) shall have effect as if
the reference to documents kept by the appropriate registrar
under that Act included a reference to documents deposited in
pursuance of this section .
c . 49
1560 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
( 4 ) In this section " appropriate registrar " has the meaning
given in section 73( 1) of the said Act of 1965.
Periodic
21.-( 1 ) Every insurance company to which this Part of this
statements by Act applies which carries on business of a class or description
company with
prescribed
prescribed for the purposes of this section shall prepare, at such
class of
intervals and for such periods as may be prescribed, a statement
business.
of its business of that class or description .
( 2) The form and contents of any statement under this section
shall be such as may be prescribed.
(3) Regulations may, as respects such matters contained in a
statement under this section as may be prescribed, require there
to be given by such persons as may be prescribed and to be
annexed to the statement certificates of such matters and in such
form as may be prescribed.
( 4 ) Five copies of any statement made under this section (with
any certificate annexed thereto in pursuance of subsection (3)
above) shall be deposited by the company with the Secretary of
State within such period as may be prescribed, and one of those
copies shall be a copy signed by the persons required to sign
copies of statements made under section 16 above which are
deposited under section 18 above.
(5) The whole or any part of any document deposited under
subsection ( 4) above may be deposited by the Secretary of State
with the registrar of companies and may be published by the
Secretary of State in such ways as he thinks appropriate .
Statements of
22.-( 1 ) Classes or descriptions of agreements or arrange-
transactions on ments appearing to the Secretary of State as likely to be undesir-
prescribed
class or
able in the interests of policy holders may be prescribed for
description.
the purposes of this section, and every insurance company to
which this Part of this Act applies or subordinate company
within the meaning of section 26 below of any such company
which enters into an agreement or arrangement of a class or
description so prescribed shall, within such period as may be
prescribed, furnish the Secretary of State with a statement con-
taining such particulars of that agreement or arrangement as
may be prescribed.
( 2) Different classes or descriptions of agreements or arrange-
ments may be prescribed for the purposes of this section in
relation to companies of different classes or descriptions .
( 3) The whole or any part of any statement furnished to
the Secretary of State under this section may be deposited
by him with the registrar of companies and may be published
by the Secretary of State in such ways as he thinks appropriate .
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1561
Assets and liabilities attributable to long term business
PART II
23.-( 1 ) Where an insurance company to which this Part of Separation of
this Act applies carries on long term business of either or both assets and
classes- liabilities attributable to
( a) the company shall maintain an account in respect of long term
that class or, as the case may be, each of those classes business.
of long term business ; and
(b) the receipts of that class or, as the case may be, of
each of those classes of business shall be entered in
the account maintained for that class and shall be
carried to and form a separate insurance fund with
an appropriate name.
( 2) An insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies which carries on long term business of either or both
classes shall maintain such books of account and other records
as are necessary for identifying-
(a) the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by
the company under subsection ( 1) (b) above (but with-
out necessarily distinguishing between the funds if
more than one) ; and
(b) the liabilities attributable to that class or, as the case
may be, each of those classes of long term business.
( 3) An insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies which was carrying on long term business on 25th July
1973-
( a) shall in accordance with regulations made for the
purposes of this paragraph make arrangements, during
the financial year of the company beginning next
after the date on which the regulations are made, for
identifying the assets and liabilities of the company
as on the last day of that financial year which are
attributable to its long term business ; and
(b) shall not be subject to the provisions of subsection
(2) above until the day after the end of that financial
year.
( 4 ) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection ( 3)( a)
above may make provision for requiring companies to furnish the
Secretary of State with certificates of such matters relating to the
making of the arrangements, signed by such persons , as may be
prescribed.
24.-( 1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) and section 47( 3) Application
below, the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by of assets of
an insurance company in respect of its long term business shall companywith
be applicable only for the purposes of that business . long term
business.
1562 Insurance Companies Act 1974
c .49
PART II
(2) Where the value of the assets mentioned in subsection
( 1) above is shown, by an investigation to which section 14
above applies or which is made in pursuance of a requirement
imposed under section 34 below, to exceed the amount of the
liabilities attributable to the company's long term business the
restriction imposed by that subsection shall not apply to so
much of those assets as represents the excess .
(3) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall preclude an insur-
ance company from exchanging, at fair market value, assets
representing a fund maintained by the company in respect of its
long term business for other assets of the company.
( 4 ) Any mortgage or charge (including a charge imposed by
a court on the application of a judgment creditor and, in
Scotland, a charge imposed by way of diligence) shall be void
to the extent to which it contravenes subsection ( 1) above.
( 5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
money from a fund maintained by a company in respect of its
long term business may not be used for the purposes of any
other business of the company notwithstanding any arrange-
ment for its subsequent repayment out of the receipts of that
other business.
(6) No insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies, and no company of which any such insurance com-
pany is a subsidiary, shall declare a dividend at any time when
the value of the assets representing the fund or funds maintained
by the insurance company in respect of its long term business ,
as determined in accordance with any applicable valuation
regulations, is less than the amount of the liabilities attributable
to that business as so determined.
Allocations to
25.-( 1 ) Where in the case of an insurance company to which
policy holders. this Part of this Act applies-
( a) there is an established surplus in which long term
policy holders of any class are eligible to participate ;
and
(b) an amount has been allocated to policy holders of
that class in respect of the last preceding established
surplus in which policy holders of that class were
eligible to participate,
the company shall not apply assets representing any part of
the surplus mentioned in paragraph (a) above for purposes
other than those mentioned in section 24( 1) above unless the
company has allocated to policy holders of that class in respect
of that surplus either an amount not less than the relevant
minimum, or, if the requirements of subsection ( 3) below have
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1563
been complied with, the smaller amount specified in the notice
served under paragraph ( a) of that subsection.
( 2 ) Subject to subsections (6) and (7 ) below, the relevant
minimum is an amount calculated by-
( a ) taking an amount which bears to the surplus mentioned
in paragraph ( a) of subsection ( 1) above the same
proportion as the amount mentioned in paragraph (b)
of that subsection bears to the surplus mentioned in
that paragraph ; and
(b ) deducting an amount equal to one half on 1 per cent.
of the amount of the surplus mentioned in the said
paragraph (a ) .
( 3) The requirements of this subsection are that the
company
( a) has served on the Secretary of State a written notice
stating that it proposes to make an allocation of an
amount (specifying it ) which is smaller than the rele-
vant minimum ; and
( b) has published a statement approved by the Secretary of
State in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes and in
such other ways as he may have directed,
and that a period of not less than fifty-six days has elapsed since
the date, or the last date, on which the company has published
the statement mentioned in paragraph (b) above as required by
or under that paragraph.
( 4 ) In this section " established surplus means an excess
of assets representing the whole or a particular part of the fund
or funds maintained by the company in respect of its long term
business over the liabilities, or a particular part of the liabilities ,
of the company attributable to that business as shown by an
investigation to which section 14 applies or which is made
in pursuance of a requirement imposed under section 34 below.
( 5) For the purposes of this section an amount is allocated
to policy holders if, and only if-
( a) bonus payments are made to them ; or
(b) reversionary bonuses are declared in their favour or a
reduction is made in the premiums payable by them ;
and the amount of the allocation is , in a case within paragraph
( a) above, the amount of the payments and, in a case within
paragraph (b) above, the amount of the liabilities assumed by
the company in consequence of the declaration or reduction.
( 6) For the purposes of this section the amount of any
bonus payments made in anticipation of an established surplus
shall be treated as an amount allocated in respect of that
surplus ; and for the purposes of subsection ( 2) above the
PART II
c .49
1564 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II Restriction on
transactions
with
connected
persons.
amount of any surplus shall be treated as increased by the
amount of any such payments made in anticipation of it.
( 7) Subsection ( 1) above shall not authorise the application
for purposes other than those mentioned in section 24(1 )
above of assets representing any part of the surplus mentioned
in subsection ( 1)( a) above which the company has decided to
carry forward unappropriated ; and for the purposes of sub-
section (2) above the amount of any surplus shall be treated
as reduced by any part thereof which the company has decided
to carry forward as aforesaid.
26.-( 1 ) Neither an insurance company to which this Part of
this Act applies which carries on long term business nor a
subordinate company of any such insurance company shall enter
into a transaction to which this section applies-
(a) at a time when the aggregate of the value of the assets
and the amount of the liabilities attributable to such
transactions already entered into by the insurance
company and its subordinate companies exceeds the
prescribed percentage of the total amount standing to
the credit of the insurance company's long term funds ;
or
( b) at any other time when the aggregate of the value of
those assets and the amount of those liabilities would
exceed that percentage if the transaction were entered
into.
( 2) This section applies to any transaction entered into by any
such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above
( whether or not itself a subordinate company of another com-
pany), being a transaction under which-
( a ) a person connected with the insurance company will owe
in money ; or
( b) the insurance company acquires shares in a company
which is a person connected with it ; or
( c ) the insurance company undertakes a liability to meet
an obligation of a person connected with it or to help
such a person to meet an obligation ,
if the right to receive the money would constitute a long term
asset of the insurance company, the acquisition is made out of
its long term funds or the liability would fall to be discharged out
of those funds, as the case may be.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, this section
applies to any transaction entered into by a subordinate company
of any such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection
(1) above, being a transaction under which-
( a) the insurance company or a person connected with it
will owe money to the subordinate company (not being
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1565
money owed by the insurance company which can be property paid out of its long term funds) ; or
( b) the subordinate company acquires shares in the insurance
company or in a company which is a person connected
with the insurance company ; or
( c ) the subordinate company undertakes a liability to meet
an obligation of the insurance company or of a person
connected with that company or to help the insurance
company or such a person to meet an obligation ;
but where the subordinate company is itself such an insurance
company as is mentioned in subsection (1) above this section
shall not by virtue of this subsecton apply to any such transac-
tion if the right to receive the money would constitute a long
term asset of the subordinate company, the acquisition is made
out of its long term funds or the liability would fall to be
discharged out of those funds, as the case may be.
PART II
( 4 ) In this section " subordinate company " , in relation to
any such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
above, means-
(a) a company having equity share capital some or all of
which is held by the insurance company as part of its
long term assets where the share capital so held by
the insurance company-
(i ) amounts to more than half in nominal value of
that share capital ; and
(ii) confers on the insurance company the power
to appoint or remove the holders of all or a majority
of the directorships of the company whose share
capital is held and more than one half of the voting
power at any general meeting of that company ;
(b) a company having equity share capital some or all of
which is held by another company which is itself a
subordinate company of the insurance company where
the share capital held by that other company-
(i) amounts to more than half in nominal value of
that share capital ; and
(ii ) confers on that other company the power to
appoint or remove the holders of all or a majority
of the directorships of the company whose share
capital is held and more than one half of the voting
power at any general meeting of that company ;
and for the purposes of this subsection share capital held for
any person by a nominee shall (except where that person is
concerned only in a fiduciary capacity) be treated as held by
c.49
1566 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1948 с. 38.
that person, and share capital held by a person in a fiduciary
capacity or by way of security shall be treated as not held by
that person.
(5) For the purposes of this section a person is connected with
any such insurance company as is mentioned in subsection ( 1 )
above if that person is not a subordinate company of the
insurance company but-
( a) controls, or is a partner of a person who controls, the
insurance company ; or
( b) being a company, is controlled by the insurance company
or by another person who also controls the insurance
company ; or
( c ) is a director of the insurance company or the wife or
husband or a minor son or daughter of such a director ;
and for the purposes of this subsection a person controls a
company if he is a controller of it within the meaning of section
7(2) (c) above.
(6) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets and
the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accordance
with any applicable valuation regulations.
( 7 ) In this section-
" company " (except in the expression " insurance com-
pany ") and " equity share capital " have the meaning
given in section 154(5) of the Companies Act 1948 ;
66 liability " includes a contingent liability ;
" long term assets " and " long term funds ", in relation
to an insurance company, mean respectively assets
representing the fund or funds maintained by the
company in respect of its long term business and that
fund or those funds ;
" the prescribed percentage " means 5 per cent. or such
greater percentage as may from time to time be
prescribed for the purposes of this section by
regulations ;
" share " has the same meaning as in the Companies Act
1948 ;
66 " 66
son includes step-son and adopted son, daughter "
includes step- daughter and adopted daughter, and
" minor " , in relation to Scotland, includes pupil.
(8) This section shall not be construed as making any trans-
action unenforceable as between the parties thereto or as other-
wise making unenforceable any rights or liabilities in respect of
property .
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1567
Liabilities of unlimited amount PART II
27. A contract entered into after the coming into force of this Avoidance of
contracts for
section by an insurance company to which this Part of this Act unlimited
applies shall be void if-
amounts.
( a) it is a contract under which the company undertakes a
liability the amount, or maximum amount, of which
is uncertain at the time when the contract is entered
into ; and
(b ) it is not a contract of insurance or a contract of a class
or description exempted by regulations from the opera-
tion of this section.
Powers of intervention
28.-(1 ) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State byGrounds on
sections 29 to 37 below shall be exercisable in relation to anywhich powers
are
insurance company to which this Part of this Act applies and exercisable.
shall be exercisable on any of the following grounds-
( a ) that the Secretary of State considers the exercise of the
power to be desirable for protecting policy holders
or potential policy holders of the company against
the risk that the company may be unable to meet its
liabilities or, in the case of long term business, to
fulfil the reasonable expectations of policy holders or
potential policy holders ;
( b) that it appears to him-
( i ) that the company has failed to satisfy an obliga-
tion to which it is or was subject by virtue of this
Act or any enactment repealed thereby ;
( ii ) that a company of which it is a subsidiary has
failed to satisfy an obligation to which it is or was
subject by virtue of section 24( 6) above or section
8(6) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 с. 58.
1973 ; or
(iii ) that a subordinate company within the mean-
ing of section 26 above of the company has failed to
satisfy an obligation to which it is or was subject by
virtue of that section or section 22 above or of
section 6 or 10 of the said Act of 1973 ;
( c) that it appears to him that the company has furnished
misleading or inaccurate information to the Secretary
of State under or for the purposes of any provision
of this Act or any enactment repealed thereby ;
( d ) that he is not satisfied that adequate arrangements are
in force or will be made for the reinsurance of risks
against which persons are insured by the company in
с.49
1568 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1948 с. 38.
the course of carrying on business, being risks of a class
in the case of which he considers that such arrange-
ments are required ;
( e) that there exists a ground on which he would be pro-
hibited, by section 7 above, from issuing an authorisa-
tion with respect to the company if it were applied
for.
( 2) Any power mentioned in subsection ( 1) above shall also
be exercisable in relation to any such company as is there
mentioned-
( a ) if it is carrying on general business, on the ground that
the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the company
is not to be deemed (by virtue of section 44( 1) below)
for the purposes of section 222 or 399 of the Companies
Act 1948 to be unable to pay its debts ;
(b ) if it is carrying on long term business, on the ground
that he is not satisfied that the value of the assets
representing the fund or funds maintained in respect
of its long term business exceeds the amount of the
liabilities of its long term business ;
and for the purposes of paragraph (b) above the value of any
assets and the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in
accordance with any applicable valuation regulations .
( 3) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by sub-
sections (2) to ( 4) of section 36 below shall also be exercisable
on the ground that he considers the exercise of that power to
be desirable in the general interests of persons who are or may
become policy holders of insurance companies to which this
Part of this Act applies, and references in those subsections to a
company include references to any body ( whether incorporated
or not) which appears to the Secretary of State to be an insurance
which this
company to which this Part of this Act applies .
( 4) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State by sections
29 to 34, 36(1) or 37 below shall also be exercisable, whether
or not any of the grounds specified in subsections ( 1 ) to (3)
above exists , in relation to-
( a ) any body in respect of which the Secretary of State has
issued an authorisation ;
( b ) any insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies in the case of which a person has become a
controller within the meaning of section 7( 2) (c) above,
if that power is exercised before the expiration of the period of
five years beginning with the date on which the authorisation
was issued or that person became such a controller, as the case
c. 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1569
may be ; but no requirement imposed by virtue of this sub- section shall continue in force after the expiration of the period
of ten years beginning with that date.
( 5) The power conferred on the Secretary of State by section
37 below shall not be exercisable except in a case in which
he considers that the purpose mentioned in that section cannot
be appropriately achieved by the exercise of the powers con-
ferred by sections 29 to 36 below or by the exercise of those
powers alone.
( 6 ) The Secretary of State shall, when exercising any power
conferred by sections 29 to 37 below, state the ground on which
he is exercising it or, if he is exercising it by virtue of subsection
( 4 ) above, that he is so exercising it ; but this subsection shall not
apply where the Secretary of State has given notice under section
38 or 39 below of the proposed exercise of the power.
( 7) The grounds specified in subsections (1) (b) to (e) , (2) and
( 3) above are without prejudice to the ground specified in sub-
section ( 1 ) (a) above.
PART II
29.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company-
Restrictions
(a) not to effect any contracts of insurance or contracts of on new business.
insurance of a specified description ;
( b) not to vary any contracts of insurance of a specified
description, being contracts effected in the course of
carrying on general business and in force when the
requirement is imposed ;
( c ) not to vary in such a manner as to increase the liabilities
of the company any contracts of insurance of a specified
description, being contracts effected in the course of
carrying on long term business and in force when the
requirement is imposed.
( 2) A requirement under this section may apply to contracts
of insurance whether or not the effecting of them falls within
a class of insurance business which the company is for the time
being authorised to carry on.
30.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company- Requirements
about( a ) not to make investments of a specified class or investments.
description ;
(b) to realise, before the expiration of a specified period
( or such longer period as the Secretary of State may
allow ), the whole or a specified proportion of invest-
ments of a specified class or description held by the
company when the requirement is imposed.
Part II U
c .49
1570 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Maintenance
ofassets in
the United
Kingdom.
Custody of
assets.
(2) A requirement under this section may be framed so as
to apply only to investments which are ( or, if made, would be)
assets representing a fund or funds maintained by the company
in respect of its long term business or so as to apply only to
other investments.
31.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require that assets of a
company of a value which at any time is equal to the whole or
a specified proportion of the amount of its domestic liabilities
shall be maintained in the United Kingdom .
(2) The Secretary of State may direct that for the purposes
of any requirement under this section assets of a specified class
or description shall or shall not be treated as assets maintained
in the United Kingdom.
(3) The Secretary of State may direct that for the purposes
of any requirement under this section the domestic liabilities
of a company, or such liabilities of any class or description, shall
be taken to be the net liabilities after deducting any part of
them which is reinsured.
( 4) A requirement imposed under this section may be framed
so as to come into effect immediately after the day on which
it is imposed or so as to come into effect after the expiration
of a specified period ( or such longer period as the Secretary of
State may allow) .
(5) In this section any reference to a domestic liability is a
reference to a liability arising under a contract made in the
United Kingdom, or under a contract of insurance made else-
where, being a contract of insurance in whose case, if only one
premium is payable thereunder, that premium, or, if more than
one premium is payable thereunder, any of those premiums, is
payable or has been paid in the United Kingdom .
(6) Subject to subsection ( 7) below, in computing the amount
of any liabilities for the purposes of this section all contingent
and prospective liabilities shall be taken into account but not
liabilities in respect of share capital.
( 7) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets
and the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accord-
ance with any applicable valuation regulations ; and subsection
(6) above shall have effect subject to any such regulations made
by virtue of section 78 (2) below.
32.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, in the case of a company
on which a requirement has been imposed under section 31
above, impose an additional requirement that the whole or a
specified proportion of the assets to which the requirement under
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1571
that section applies shall be held by a person approved by him
for the purposes of the requirement under this section as trustee
for the company.
( 2) Section 31 (4 ) above shall apply also to a requirement
under this section.
( 3) Assets of a company held by a person as trustee for a
company shall be taken to be held by him in compliance with a
requirement imposed under this section if, and only if, they are
assets in whose case the company has given him written notice
that they are to be held by him in compliance with such a
requirement or they are assets into which assets in whose case
the company has given him such written notice have, by any
transaction or series of transactions, been transposed by him
on the instructions of the company.
( 4 ) No assets held by a person as trustee for a company in
compliance with a requirement imposed under this section shall ,
so long as the requirement is in force, be released except with
the consent of the Secretary of State.
( 5 ) If a mortgage or charge is created by a company at a
time when there is in force a requirement imposed on the com-
pany by virtue of this section, being a mortgage or charge
conferring a security on any assets which are held by a person
as trustee for the company in compliance with the requirement,
the mortgage or charge shall, to the extent that it confers such
a security, be void against the liquidator and any creditor of
the company .
PART II
33.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company to Limitation of
take all such steps as are requisite to secure that the aggregate premium
of the premiums-
income.
(a ) to be received by the company in consideration of the
undertaking by it during a specified period of liabilities
in the course of carrying on general business or any
specified part of such business ; or
(b) to be received by it in a specified period in considera-
tion of the undertaking by the company during that
period of liabilities in the course of carrying on long
term business or any specified part of such business,
shall not exceed a specified amount.
(2) A requirement under this section may apply either to the
aggregate premiums to be received as mentioned in subsection
(1) above or to the aggregate of those premiums after deducting
any premiums payable by the company for reinsuring the
liabilities in consideration of which the first-mentioned premiums
are receivable.
U 2
c .49
1572 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Actuarial
investigations .
1973 с. 58.
34.-( 1) The Secretary of State may require a company which
carries on long term business-
( a) to cause the person who for the time being is its actuary
under section 15(1) above or section 3( 5) of the Insur-
ance Companies Amendment Act 1973 to make an
investigation into its financial condition ( including a
valuation of its liabilities) in respect of that business, or
any specified part of that business, as at a specified
date;
( b) to cause an abstract of that person's report of the
investigation to be made ; and
( c) to prepare a statement of its long term business or of
that part thereof as at that date.
( 2) For the purposes of any investigation made in pursuance
of a requirement under this section the value of any assets and
the amount of any liabilities shall be determined in accordance
with any applicable valuation regulations.
(3) The form and contents of any abstract or statement made
in pursuance of a requirement under this section shall be the
same as for an abstract or statement made under section 14
above.
( 4) Five copies of any abstract or statement made in pursuance
of a requirement under this section shall be deposited by the
company with the Secretary of State on or before such date as
he may specify, and one of those copies shall be a copy signed
by the persons required to sign copies of abstracts or statements
made under the said section 14 which are deposited under section
18 above.
Acceleration
35.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may require any documents
of information which under section 18 above are required to be deposited with
required by
accounting
him by a company within the period specified in that section
provisions.
to be deposited with him on or before a specified date before
the end of that period, being a date not earlier than three
months before the end of that period and not earlier than one
month after the date on which the requirement is imposed.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State may require any statement which
under section 21 above is required to be deposited with him by a
company within a period prescribed under that section to be
deposited with him on or before a specified date before the
end of that period.
Power to
36. (1 ) The Secretary of State may require a company
obtain
to furnish him, at specified times or intervals, with information
information
and require
about specified matters being, if he so requires, information
production of verified in a specified manner.
documents .
с . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1573
(2) The Secretary of State may-
PART II
(a ) require a company to produce, at such time and place
as he may specify, such books or papers as he may
specify ; or
(b) authorise any person, on producing ( if required so to
do ) evidence of his authority, to require a company to
produce to him forthwith any books or papers which
that person may specify .
(3) Where by virtue of subsection (2) above the Secretary
of State or a person authorised by him has power to require
the production of any books or papers from any company,
the Secretary of State or that person shall have the like power
to require production of those books or papers from any
person who appears to him to be in possession of them ; but
where any person from whom such production is required
claims a lien on books or papers produced by him, the produc-
tion shall be without prejudice to the lien.
( 4 ) Any power conferred by or by virtue of subsections ( 2) and
(3) above to require a company or other person to produce
books or papers shall include power-
( a) if the books or papers are produced-
( i) to take copies of them or extracts from them ;
and
(ii ) to require that person, or any other person
who is a present or past director, controller or auditor
of, or is or was at any time employed by, the
company in question, to provide an explanation of
any of them ;
( b) if the books or papers are not produced, to require the
person who was required to produce them to state, to
the best of his knowledge and belief, where they are.
( 5) A statement made by a person in compliance with a
requirement imposed by virtue of this section may be used in
evidence against him.
( 6) References in this section to books and papers shall be
construed as if they were contained in the Companies Act 1948. 1948 c. 38.
37. The Secretary of State may require a company to take Residual power
such action as appears to him to be appropriate for the purpose to impose
of protecting policy holders or potential policy holders of the requirements for protection
company against the risk that the company may be unable to ofpolicy
meet its liabilities or, in the case of long term business, to fulfil holders.
the reasonable expectations of policy holders or potential policy
holders.
U3
c. 49
1574 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Notice of
proposed exercise of
power under
s. 29.
Notice of
proposed
exercise of
powers on
ground of
unfitness of
director or
manager.
38.-( 1) Before exercising with respect to a company the
power conferred by section 29 above the Secretary of State
shall serve on the company a written notice stating-
( a ) that the Secretary of State is considering exercising
that power and the ground on which he is considering
the exercise of the power ; and
( b) that the company may, within the period of one month
from the date of service of the notice, make written
representations to the Secretary of State and, if the
company so requests, oral representations to an officer
of the Department of Trade appointed for the purpose
by the Secretary of State.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply if the ground on
which the Secretary of State proposes to exercise the power is
that specified in section 28( 1) (e) above unless the person whose
fitness is in question is a controller of the company ; and, if
that person is a controller of the company, the Secretary of State,
before exercising the power, shall also serve a written notice
on that person containing the matters mentioned in subsection
(1) above, taking references to the company as references to that
person.
(3) A notice under this section shall give particulars of the
ground on which the Secretary of State is considering the
exercise of the power except that no particulars need be given
if the ground is that mentioned in section 28( 2) above.
( 4 ) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before exercising the power.
( 5) This section shall not apply in relation to the exercise
of the power conferred by section 29 above where, by virtue of
subsection (4) of section 28 above, it is exercised by the Secretary
of State when issuing an authorisation ; and in relation to any
other exercise of that power by virtue of that subsection this
section shall have effect as if subsection ( 1 ) ( a) required the notice
to state that the Secretary of State is considering exercising the
power by virtue of the said subsection ( 4) and as if subsections
( 2) and (3) were omitted.
39.-( 1 ) Before exercising with respect to a company any
power or powers conferred by sections 29 to 37 above on the
ground specified in section 28( 1)(e) above where the person
whose fitness is in question is a director, not being a controller,
of the company or a manager of the company, the Secretary of
State shall serve on that person a written notice stating-
( a ) that the Secretary of State is considering exercising a
power or powers conferred by those sections and the
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1575
ground on which he is considering the exercise of the power or powers ; and
( b) that the person on whom the notice is served may,
within the period of one month from the date of
service of the notice, make written representations to
the Secretary of State and, if that person so requests,
oral representations to an officer of the Department of
Trade appointed for the purpose by the Secretary of
State.
( 2) Unless the Secretary of State, after considering any repрге-
sentations made in accordance with subsection ( 1) above by the
person served with a notice under that subsection, decides not to
exercise the power or powers in relation to which the notice
was served, he shall before exercising the power or powers serve
on the company a written notice-
( a ) containing the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a)
and (b) of that subsection, taking references to the
person there mentioned as references to the company ;
and
( b) specifying the power or powers which he proposes to
exercise and, if the power or one of them is that
conferred by section 37 above specifying the manner
of its proposed exercise .
( 3) A notice under this section shall give particulars of the
ground on which the Secretary of State is considering the exer-
cise of the power or powers in question.
( 4) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before exercising the power or powers in question.
(5) A requirement imposed on a company in the exercise
of any power or powers to which this section applies may be
framed so as to come into effect after the expiration of a
specified period (or such longer period as the Secretary of State
may allow) unless before the expiration of that period the
person whose fitness is in question has ceased to be a director
or manager of the company.
PART II
40.-(1) The Secretary of State may rescind a requirement Rescission,
imposed under sections 29 to 37 above if it appears to him that variation and
it is no longer necessary for the requirement to continue in publication of
force, and may from time to time vary any such requirement. requirements .
( 2) No requirement imposed by virtue of subsection ( 4 ) of
section 28 above shall be varied after the expiration of the
period of five years mentioned in that subsection except in a
manner which relaxes that requirement.
U4
c.49
1576 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1965 с. 12.
Power of
Secretary of
State to
bring civil
proceedings
on behalf of
insurance
company.
1967 с. 81 .
( 3) A rescission under subsection (1 ) above of a requirement
imposed under section 29 above may be limited so as to apply
only to contracts of a specified description .
( 4 ) Notice of the imposition of a requirement under the said
section 29 and of the rescission or variation of any such require-
ment shall be published by the Secretary of State in the London
and Edinburgh Gazettes and in such other ways as appear to
him expedient for notifying the public.
( 5) Where a requirement is imposed under section 32 above
or any such requirement is rescinded or varied the Secretary of
State shall forthwith serve-
(a ) except where paragraph (b) below applies, on the
registrar of companies :
( b) if the requirement is imposed on a registered society
( other than one registered in Northern Ireland), on
the appropriate registrar as defined by section 73( 1 ) of
the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965,
a written notice stating that fact and, in the case of a notice
of the imposition of a requirement, setting out the terms of
the requirement, in the case of a notice of the rescission of a
requirement, identifying the requirement and, in the case of a
notice of a variation of a requirement, identifying the require-
ment and setting out the terms of the variation.
( 6 ) A notice served in pursuance of subsection (5 ) above on
the registrar of companies shall be open to inspection, and a
copy thereof may be procured by any person on payment of such
fee as the Secretary of State may direct ; and every document
purporting to be certified by the registrar of companies to be
a copy of such a notice shall be deemed to be a copy of that
notice and shall be received in evidence as if it were the original
notice unless some variation between it and the original is
proved.
( 7 ) Section 71 ( 1) of the said Act of 1965 ( which empowers
the Treasury to make regulations respecting, among other things,
the inspection of documents kept by the appropriate registrar
under that Act ) shall have effect as if the reference to documents
so kept included a reference to notices served in pursuance of
subsection (5) above on the appropriate registrar.
41.-( 1 ) Section 37( 1) of the Companies Act 1967 (power of
Secretary of State to bring civil proceedings on behalf of body
corporate) shall have effect in relation to an insurance company
to which this Part of this Act applies ( whether or not a body
corporate) as if the reference to any information or document
obtained under the provisions there mentioned included a refer-
ence to any information or document obtained under this Act
or any enactment repealed thereby.
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1577
(2) Where under a judgment given or decree pronounced in proceedings brought by virtue of the said section 37(1) on behalf
of an insurance company a sum is recovered in respect of a loss
of assets representing a fund or funds maintained by the com-
pany in respect of its long term business the court shall direct
that the sum shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as
assets of that fund or those funds and this Act shall have effect
accordingly.
PART II
Transfers of long term business
42.- (1) Where it is proposed to carry out a scheme under Sanction of
which the whole or part of the long term business carried on by court for
transfer of
an insurance Company to which this Part of this Act applies long term
( " the transferor company ") is to be transferred to another body business.
whether incorporated or not ( " the transferee company ") the
transferor company or transferee company may apply to the
court, by petition, for an order sanctioning the scheme.
( 2) The court shall not entertain an application under this
section unless the petition is accompanied by a report on the
terms of the scheme by an independent actuary and the court
is satisfied that the requirements of subsection (3) below have
been complied with.
( 3) The said requirements are-
( a ) that a notice has been published in the London and
Edinburgh Gazettes and, except where the court has
otherwise directed, in two national newspapers stating
that the application is to be made and giving the address
of the offices at which, and the period for which, copies
of the documents mentioned in paragraph (d ) below
will be available as required by that paragraph ;
( b) except where the court has otherwise directed, that a
statement-
( i) setting out the terms of the scheme ; and
( ii ) containing a summary of the report mentioned
in subsection (2) above sufficient to indicate the
opinion of the actuary on the likely effects of the
scheme on the long term policy holders of the com-
panies concerned,
has been sent to each of those policy holders and to
every member of those companies ;
( c ) that a copy of the petition, of the report mentioned in
subsection (2) above and of any statement sent out
under paragraph ( b) above has been served on the
Secretary of State and that a period of not less than
twenty-one days has elapsed since the date of service ;
( d ) that copies of the petition and of the report mentioned
in subsection ( 2) above have been open to inspection
c.49
1578 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1948 с. 38.
at offices in Great Britain of the companies concerned
for a period of not less than twenty-one days beginning
with the date on which the notice mentioned in para-
graph (a) above was published as required by that
paragraph.
( 4 ) Each of the companies concerned shall, on payment of
such fee as may be prescribed by rules of court, furnish a copy
of the petition and of the report mentioned in subsection (2)
above to any person who asks for one at any time before an
order sanctioning the scheme is made on the petition.
( 5 ) On any petition under this section-
( a ) the Secretary of State, and
( b) any person ( including any employee of the transferor
company or the transferee company) who alleges that
he would be adversely affected by the carrying out
of the scheme,
shall be entitled to be heard.
( 6 ) The court shall not make an order sanctioning the scheme
unless it is satisfied that the transferee company is, or imme-
diately after the making of the order will be, authorised under
section 3 above to carry on long term business of the class
or classes to be transferred under the scheme.
( 7) No such transfer as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
shall be carried out unless the scheme relating to the transfer
has been sanctioned by the court in accordance with this section ;
and no order shall be made under section 206 or 208 of the
Companies Act 1948 (compromises and arrangements between a
company and its creditors or members) in respect of so much
of any compromise or arrangement as involves any such transfer.
( 8) In this section " the court " means the High Court of
Justice in England except that it means-
( a) the Court of Session if the transferor company and the
transferee company are registered or have their head
offices in Scotland ; and
( b) either the High Court of Justice in England or the
Court of Session if one only of those companies is
registered or has its head office in Scotland.
(9) This section does not apply to any scheme if the transferor
company and transferee company are registered or have their
head offices in Northern Ireland; and subsection ( 7) above does
not apply if either of those companies is registered or has its
head office in Northern Ireland and the scheme has been
sanctioned by the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.
(10) Subsection ( 7) above does not apply to a transfer of
long term business carried on elsewhere than in Great Britain
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1579
but, save as aforesaid, this section applies whether or not the
long term business is carried on in Great Britain and whether or
not the scheme involves the transfer of any other part of the
transferor company's undertaking or the amalgamation of that
company with one or more other companies .
PART II
43.-( 1 ) Where the court makes an order under section 42 Provisions
above sanctioning a scheme the court may, either by that order supplementary
or by any subsequent order, make provision for all or any of the to s. 42 .
following matters-
( a) the transfer to the transferee company of the whole or
any part of the undertaking and of the property or
liabilities of the transferor company ;
( b) the allotting or appropriation by the transferee com-
pany of any shares, debentures, policies or other like
interests in that company which under the scheme
are to be allotted or appropriated by that company
to or for any person ;
( c ) the continuation by or against the transferee company
of any legal proceedings pending by or against the
transferor company ;
( d ) the dissolution, without winding up, of the transferor
company ;
( e) such incidental, consequential and supplementary
matters as are necessary to secure that the scheme
shall be fully and effectively carried out.
(2) Where any such order provides for the transfer of property
or liabilities, that property shall, by virtue of the order, be
transferred to and vest in, and those liabilities shall, by virtue of
the order, be transferred to and become the liabilities of, the
transferee company, and in the case of any property, if the
order so directs, freed from any mortgage or charge which is
by virtue of the scheme to cease to have effect.
( 3) For the purposes of any provision requiring the delivery
of an instrument of transfer as a condition for the registration
of a transfer of any property (including in particular section 75
of the Companies Act 1948 and section 56( 4) of the Finance 1948 c. 38.
Act 1946 ) an order which by virtue of this section operates 1946 c. 64.
to transfer any property shall be treated as an instrument of
transfer.
( 4) Where a scheme is sanctioned by an order of the court
under section 42 above the transferee company shall, within
ten days from the date on which the order is made or such
longer period as the Secretary of State may allow, deposit two
office copies of the order with the Secretary of State.
c .49
1580 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1948 с. 38 .
Margin of
solvency for
general
business.
( 5) In this section " property " includes property, rights and
powers of every description, " liabilities " includes duties and
" shares " and " debentures " have the same meaning as in the
Companies Act 1948 .
Insolvency and winding up
44.-(1) An insurance company to which this Part of this
Act applies, being a company which carries on ( whether within
or outside Great Britain) general business, shall be deemed for
the purposes of sections 222 and 399 of the Companies Act 1948
( winding up of company unable to pay its debts) to be unable
to pay its debts if-
( a ) at any time in its first financial year the value of its
assets does not exceed the amount of its liabilities by
£ 50,000 ; or
( b) at any time after the expiration of that year the value
of its assets does not exceed the amount of its liabilities
by the amount which is the relevant amount for the
purposes of section 4( 1 ) (a) above ;
and the provisions of this Act as to winding up shall have
effect accordingly.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) in computing the amount of the liabilities of an insur-
ance company, all contingent and prospective liabilities
shall be taken into account but not liabilities in respect
of share capital ; and
( b) the general premium income of an insurance company
in any year shall be taken to be the net amount, after
deduction of any premiums paid by the company for
reinsurance, of the premiums received by the company
in that year in respect of insurance business other than
long term business.
( 3) For the purposes of this section the value of any assets
and the amount of any liabilities shall, subject to subsections ( 4 )
and ( 5) below, be determined in accordance with any applicable
valuation regulations, and subsection (2) (a) above shall have
effect subject to any such regulations made by virtue of section
78(2) below.
( 4 ) In the case of an insurance company which carries on
long term business as well as general business the amount of the
liabilities of its long term business at any time shall, for the
purposes of this section, be taken to be-
(a ) an amount equal to the total amount at that time stand-
ing to the credit of the fund or funds maintained by
the company in respect of its long term business ; or
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1581
( b ) the amount of those liabilities at that time as deter-
mined in accordance with any applicable valuation
regulations,
whichever is the greater.
(5) Regulations made for the purposes of this section may
require that, in every balance sheet prepared under section 13
above by an insurance company carrying on general business,
there shall be included a certificate
( a) in such form and signed by such persons as may be
prescribed by the regulations ; and
( b) containing such a statement with respect to the assets
and liabilities of the company as may be so
prescribed ;
and if any such company fails to comply with the regulations
so made the value of its assets shall, in any proceedings under
this section for the winding up of the company, be deemed,
until the contrary is proved, not to exceed the amount of its
liabilities by the amount required by subsection ( 1 ) above.
( 6 ) Nothing in this section shall be taken as affecting the
manner in which, on a winding up, any assets or liabilities are
required to be dealt with whether by virtue of section 47 below
or otherwise.
PART II
45. The court may order the winding up, in accordance with Winding up
the Companies Act 1948, of an insurance company to which this of insurance
Part of this Act applies and the provisions of that Act shall apply compa companies under
accordingly subject to the modification that the company may Companies
be ordered to be wound up on the petition of ten or more policy Act 1948.
holders owning policies of an aggregate value of not less than 1948 c. 38.
£10,000 :
Provided that such a petition shall not be presented except by
leave of the court, and leave shall not be granted until a prima
facie case has been established to the satisfaction of the court
and until security for costs for such amount as the court may
think reasonable has been given.
46.-( 1) The Secretary of State may present a petition for Winding up
the winding up, in accordance with the Companies Act 1948, on petition of
of an insurance company to which this Part of this Act applies, Secretary of
State.being a company which may be wound up by the court under
the provisions of that Act, on the ground
( a) that the company is unable to pay its debts within the
meaning of sections 222 and 223 or section 399 of that
Act;
( b ) that the company has failed to satisfy an obligation
to which it is or was subject by virtue of this Act or
any enactment repealed thereby ; or
с . 49
1582 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Winding up
of insurance
companies
with long
term
business.
( c) that the company, being under the obligation imposed
by section 147 of the said Act of 1948 with respect to
the keeping of proper books of account, has failed
to satisfy that obligation or to produce books kept in
satisfaction of that obligation and that the Secretary of
State is unable to ascertain its financial position.
( 2) In any proceedings on a petition to wind up an insurance
company presented by the Secretary of State under subsection
( 1) above, evidence that the company was insolvent-
( a) at the close of the period to which-
( i) the accounts and balance sheet of the com-
pany last deposited under section 18 above ; or
(ii) any statement of the company last deposited
under section 21 above,
relate ; or
( b) at any date or time specified in a requirement under
section 34 or 36 above,
shall be evidence that the company continues to be unable to
pay its debts, unless the contrary is proved.
( 3) If, in the case of an insurance company to which this
Part of this Act applies, being a company which may be wound
up by the court under the provisions of the said Act of 1948,
it appears to the Secretary of State that it is expedient in the
public interest that the company should be wound up, he may,
unless the company is already being wound up by the court,
present a petition for it to be so wound up if the court thinks
it just and equitable for it to be so wound up.
(4) Where a petition for the winding up of an insurance com-
pany to which this Part of this Act applies is presented by a
person other than the Secretary of State, a copy of the petition
shall be served on him and he shall be entitled to be heard on
the petition.
47.-( 1) No insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies which is an unincorporated body and carries on long
term business shall be made the subject of bankruptcy pro-
ceedings or, in Scotland, sequestration proceedings.
(2) No insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies which carries on long term business shall be wound up
voluntarily.
( 3) Section 24(1) above shall not have effect in relation to the
winding up of a company to which section 23( 1) above applies
but, subject to subsection ( 4) below and to rules made by virtue
of section 51(2) below, in any such winding up-
( a) the assets representing the fund or funds maintained by
the company in respect of its long term business
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1583
shall be available only for meeting the liabilities of PART II
the company attributable to that business ;
(b) the other assets of the company shall be available only
for meeting the liabilities of the company attributable
to its other business.
( 4) Where the value of the assets mentioned in either para-
graph of subsection (3) above exceeds the amount of the liabilities
mentioned in that paragraph the restriction imposed by that
subsection shall not apply to so much of those assets as repre-
sents the excess .
(5) In relation to the assets falling within either paragraph of
subsection ( 3) above the creditors mentioned in subsections (1)
and (2) of section 246 of the Companies Act 1948 shall be only 1948 c. 38.
those who are creditors in respect of liabilities falling within that
paragraph ; and any general meetings of creditors summoned for
the purposes of that section shall accordingly be separate general
meetings of the creditors in respect of the liabilities falling within
each paragraph.
( 6 ) Where under section 333(1) of the said Act of 1948
( defalcations of directors etc. disclosed in course of winding up)
a court orders any money or property to be repaid or restored
to a company or any sum to be contributed to its assets then,
if and so far as the wrongful act which is the reason for the
making of the order related to assets representing a fund or
funds maintained by the company in respect of its long term
business, the court shall include in the order a direction that
the money, property or contribution shall be treated for the
purposes of this Act as assets of that fund or those funds and
this Act shall have effect accordingly.
48.-( 1 ) This section has effect in relation to the winding up Continuation
of an insurance company to which this Part of this Act applies, of long term
being a company carrying on long term business. business of
insurance
( 2) The liquidator shall, unless the court otherwise orders, company in
carry on the long term business of the company with a view to liquidation .
its being transferred as a going concern to another insurance
company, whether an existing company or a company formed
for that purpose ; and, in carrying on that business as aforesaid ,
the liquidator may agree to the variation of any contracts of
insurance in existence when the winding up order is made but
shall not effect any new contracts of insurance .
( 3) If the liquidator is satisfied that the interests of the
creditors in respect of liabilities of the company attributable to
its long term business require the appointment of a special
manager of the company's long term business, he may apply
to the court, and the court may on such application appoint
c. 49
1584 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
1948 с. 38.
Subsidiary
companies.
a special manager of that business to act during such time as
the court may direct, with such powers, including any of the
powers of a receiver or manager, as may be entrusted to him by
the court.
( 4) Subsections ( 2) and (3) of section 263 of the Companies
Act 1948 (special manager to give security and receive remunera-
tion ) shall apply to a special manager appointed under subsection
( 3) above as they apply to a special manager appointed under
that section.
( 5) The court may, if it thinks fit and subject to such conditions
(if any) as it may determine, reduce the amount of the contracts
made by the company in the course of carrying on its long term
business.
( 6) The court may, on the application of the liquidator, a
special manager appointed under subsection ( 3) above or the
Secretary of State, appoint an independent actuary to investigate
the long term business of the company and to report to the
liquidator, the special manager or the Secretary of State, as the
case may be, on the desirability or otherwise of that business
being continued and on any reduction in the contracts made
in the course of carrying on that business that may be necessary
for its successful continuation.
(7) Notwithstanding section 245(1) of the said Act of 1948
( which requires a liquidator to obtain the sanction of the court
or committee of inspection for the bringing of legal proceedings
in the name of and on behalf of the company) the liquidator
may without any such sanction make an application in the name
of and on behalf of the company under section 42 above.
66
( 8) In this section the court " means the court having
jurisdiction to wind up the company.
49.-( 1 ) Where the insurance business or any part of the
insurance business of an insurance company has been transferred
to an insurance company to which this Part of this Act applies
under an arrangement in pursuance of which the first- mentioned
company (in this section called the subsidiary company) or the
creditors thereof has or have claims against the company to
which the transfer was made (in this section called the principal
company), then, if the principal company is being wound up by or
under the supervision of the court, the court shall, subject to
the provisions of this section, order the subsidiary company to be
wound up in conjunction with the principal company, and may
by the same or any subsequent order appoint the same person
to be liquidator for the two companies, and make provision for
such other matters as may seem to the court necessary, with a
view to the companies being wound up as if they were one
company.
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1585
( 2 ) The commencement of the winding up of the principal
PART II
company shall , save as otherwise ordered by the court, be the
commencement of the winding up of the subsidiary company.
( 3) In adjusting the rights and liabilities of the members of
the several companies between themselves, the court shall have
regard to the constitution of the companies, and to the arrange-
ments entered into between the companies, in the same manner
as the court has regard to the rights and liabilities of different
classes of contributories in the case of the winding up of a single
company, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.
( 4) Where any company alleged to be subsidiary is not in
process of being wound up at the same time as the principal
company to which it is subsidiary, the court shall not direct
the subsidiary company to be wound up unless, after hearing all
objections (if any) that may be urged by or on behalf of the
company against its being wound up, the court is of opinion that
the company is subsidiary to the principal company, and that
the winding up of the company in conjunction with the principal
company is just and equitable.
(5) An application may be made in relation to the winding up
of any subsidiary company in conjunction with a principal
company by any creditor of, or person interested in, the
principal or subsidiary company.
(6) Where a company stands in the relation of a principal
company to one company, and in the relation of a subsidiary
company to some other company, or where there are several
companies standing in the relation of subsidiary companies to one
principal company, the court may deal with any number of
such companies together or in separate groups, as it thinks most
expedient, upon the principles laid down in this section.
50. In the case of an insurance company which has been Reduction of
proved to be unable to pay its debts, the court may, if it thinks contracts as
fit, reduce the amount of the contracts of the company on such alternative to
windingup.
terms and subject to such conditions as the court thinks just, in
place of making a winding up order.
51.-( 1) Rules may be made under section 365 of the Winding up
Companies Act 1948 (general rules about winding up) for deter- rules.
mining the amount of the liabilities of an insurance company to 1948 c. 38.
policy holders of any class or description for the purpose of proof
in a winding up and generally for carrying into effect the pro-
visions of this Part of this Act with respect to the winding up
of insurance companies.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above,
rules under the said section 365 may make provision for all or
any of the following matters-
(a) the identification of the assets and liabilities falling
within either paragraph of subsection ( 3) of section 47
above ;
c . 49
1586 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Approval of
proposed
managing
director or
chief executive
ofinsurance
company.
( b) the apportionment between the assets falling within
paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection of the costs,
charges and expenses of the winding up and of any
debts of the company having priority under section 319
of the said Act of 1948 ;
( c ) the determination of the amount of liabilities of any
description falling within either paragraph of that
subsection for the purpose of establishing whether or
not there is any such excess in respect of that para-
graph as is mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of section 47
above ;
( d ) the application of assets within paragraph (a ) of the said
subsection (3) for meeting the liabilities within that
paragraph ;
( e) the application of assets representing any such excess
as is mentioned in the said subsection ( 4) .
Changes of director, controller or manager
52.-( 1 ) No insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies shall appoint a person as managing director or chief
executive of the company unless-
( a ) the company has served on the Secretary of State a
written notice stating that it proposes to appoint that
person to that position and containing such particulars
as may be prescribed ; and
( b ) either the Secretary of State has, before the expiration
of the period of three months beginning with the date
of service of that notice, notified the company in
writing that there is no objection to that person being
appointed to that position or that period has elapsed
without the Secretary of State having served on the
company a written notice of objection .
( 2) A notice served by a company under subsection ( 1) (a)
above shall contain a statement signed by the person proposed
to be appointed that it is served with his knowledge and
consent.
( 3) The Secretary of State may serve a notice of objection
under subsection ( 1) above on the ground that it appears to him
that the person proposed to be appointed is not a fit and
proper person to be appointed to the position in question, but
before serving such a notice the Secretary of State shall serve on
the company and on that person a preliminary written notice
stating-
( a) that the Secretary of State is considering the service on
the company of a notice of objection on that ground ;
and
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1587
( b) that the company and that person may, within the period
of one month from the date of service of the pre-
liminary notice, make written representations to the
Secretary of State and, if the company or that person
so requests, oral representations to an officer of the
Department of Trade appointed for the purpose by
the Secretary of State.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall not be obliged to disclose
to the company or to the person proposed to be appointed any
particulars of the ground on which he is considering the service
on the company of a notice of objection.
( 5) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before serving the notice of objection .
PART II
53.-( 1 ) No person shall become a controller of an insurance Approval of
company to which this Part of this Act applies otherwise than person
by virtue of an appointment in relation to which section 52 above proposing to
has effect unless- become
controller of
( a) he has served on the Secretary of State a written notice insurance
stating that he intends to become a controller of that company
company and containing such particulars as may be where s. 52
does not
prescribed ; and
apply.(b) either the Secretary of State has, before the expiration
of the period of three months beginning with the date
of service of that notice, notified him in writing that
there is no objection to his becoming a controller of
the company or that period has elapsed without the
Secretary of State having served on him a written
notice of objection.
(2) The Secretary of State may serve a notice of objection
under subsection ( 1) above on the ground that it appears to
him that the person concerned is not a fit and proper person
to be a controller of the company, but before serving such a
notice the Secretary of State shall serve on that person a
preliminary written notice stating-
( a) that the Secretary of State is considering the service on
him of a notice of objection on that ground ; and
( b) that that person may, within the period of one month
from the date of service of the preliminary notice, make
written representations to the Secretary of State and,
if that person so requests, oral representations to an
officer of the Department of Trade appointed for the
purpose by the Secretary of State.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall not be obliged to disclose to
any person any particulars of the ground on which he is
considering the service on him of a notice of objection.
c .49
1588 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
( 4) Where representations are made in accordance with this
section the Secretary of State shall take them into consideration
before serving the notice of objection.
Duty to notify
change of
director,
controller or
manager .
54.-( 1 ) A person who becomes or ceases to be a controller
of an insurance company to which this Part of this Act applies
shall, before the expiration of the period of seven days beginning
with the day next following that on which he does so, notify
the insurance company in writing of that fact and of such
other matters as may be prescribed ; and a person who becomes
a director or manager of any such insurance company shall,
before the expiration of the period of seven days beginning
with the day next following that on which he does so, notify
the insurance company in writing of such matters as may be
prescribed.
( 2) An insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies shall give written notice to the Secretary of State of the
fact that any person has become or ceased to be a director ,
controller or manager of the company and of any matter of
which any such person is required to notify the company under
subsection ( 1 ) above ; and that notice shall be given before the
expiration of the period of fourteen days beginning with the
day next following that on which that fact or matter comes to
the company's knowledge.
Miscellaneous
Documents
55.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall deposit with the registrar
deposited with of companies one copy of-
Secretary of
State. ( a ) any document deposited with the Secretary of State
under section 18 above, including any document
obtained under subsection (5) of that section ;
( b) any document deposited with him under section 34(4)
or 43(4) above.
(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any document deposited
under this section or section 21 (5) or 22(3) above with the
registrar of companies shall be open to inspection and copies
thereof may be procured by any person on payment of such
fees as the Secretary of State may direct.
( 3) Subsection (2) above shall not apply to any document if
it is a copy of a document in respect of which a dispensation has
been granted under section 19(2) above.
( 4) Every document deposited with the Secretary of State
under this Part of this Act and certified by the registrar of
companies to be a document so deposited shall be deemed to
be a document so deposited ; and every document purporting to
be certified by the registrar of companies to be a copy of a
document so deposited shall be deemed to be a copy of that
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1589
document and shall be received in evidence as if it were the
original document unless some variation between it and the
original is proved.
PART II
56.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, on the application or Power to treat
with the consent of an insurance company to which this Part of certain
this Act applies, by order direct that for the purposes of the business as or
application to the company of all or any of the provisions to ordinary
as not being
which this section applies-
long-term
( a) business of a kind specified in the order, not being insurance
ordinary long-term insurance business, shall be treated business.
as being such business ; or
( b ) ordinary long-term insurance business of a kind so
specified shall be treated as not being such business.
(2) An order under subsection ( 1 ) (b) above may direct that
the business specified in the order shall be treated as falling
within a specified class of business relevant for the purposes of
Part I of this Act.
( 3) An order under this section may be subject to conditions
and may be varied or revoked at any time by the Secretary of
State.
( 4 ) The provisions to which this section applies are sections
13 to 16, 21, 23 to 26, 34, 44, 47, 48 and 51 ( 2) of this Act.
57.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may, on the application or Power to
with the consent of an insurance company to which this Part modify
Part II in
of this Act applies, by order direct that all or any of the pro- relation to
visions to which this section applies shall not apply to the particular
company or shall apply to it with such modifications as may companies .
be specified in the order .
( 2) An order under this section may be subject to conditions.
( 3) An order under this section may be revoked at any time
by the Secretary of State ; and the Secretary of State may at any
time vary any such order on the application or with the consent
of the company to which it applies.
( 4) The provisions to which this section applies are sections
13 to 18, 19( 1), 21 to 27 and 44 of this Act, the provisions of
regulations made for the purposes of any of those sections and
the provisions of any valuation regulations.
( 5 ) In relation to section 26 above, subsection ( 1) above shall
have effect as if the reference to an insurance company to which
this Part of this Act applies included a reference to any
subordinate company within the meaning of that section of any
such insurance company.
58.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by order amend sub- Power to
sections ( 1 ) and ( 2) of section 44 above by substituting for any amend s. 44.
c . 49
1590 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II
Power to
alter insurance
company's
financial year.
Service of
notices.
Offences under
Part II.
amount specified in or to be determined in accordance with
those subsections (whether as originally enacted or as amended
by a previous order under this section) an amount specified in
or to be determined in accordance with the order.
( 2) No amendment of the said section 44 made by an order
under this section shall come into force before the expiration
of the period of twelve months beginning with the date on which
the order is made.
( 3) The power to make orders under this section includes
power to vary or revoke a previous order, and an order under
this section may make different provision in relation to different
cases or circumstances.
59. The Secretary of State may extend or shorten, for the
purposes of this Part of this Act, the duration of any financial
year of an insurance company to which this Part of this Act
applies.
60.-(1 ) Any notice which is by this Part of this Act required
to be sent to any policy holder may be addressed and sent to the
person to whom notices respecting that policy are usually sent,
and any notice so addressed and sent shall be deemed to be
notice to the holder of the policy :
Provided that where any person claiming to be interested in
a policy has given to the company notice in writing of his
interest, any notice which is by this Part of this Act required
to be sent to policy holders shall also be sent to that person at
the address specified by him in his notice.
( 2 ) Any notice to be served on any person by the Secretary
of State under section 38, 39, 52 or 53 above may be served
by post, and a letter containing that notice shall be deemed to be
properly addressed if it is addressed to that person at his last
known residence or last known place of business in Great
Britain.
61.-( 1 ) Any person who-
( a) makes default in complying with sections 23 to 25 or
54( 1 ) above or with any requirement imposed under
section 29 above ; or
( b) in purported compliance with a requirement imposed
under section 36 above furnishes information which he
knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly
furnishes information which is false in a material
particular ; or
(c) causes or permits to be included in-
( i) any document copies of which are, by section
18 of this Act, required to be deposited with the
Secretary of State ;
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1591
(ii ) any notice, statement or certificate served or
furnished under or by virtue of section 15 (2) , 22( 1 ) or
23(4) above ;
(iii ) any document deposited with the Secretary
of State under section 21 (4) or 34( 4) above ;
(iv ) any statement sent out under section 42(3) (b)
above.
a statement which he knows to be false in a material
particular or recklessly causes or permits to be so
included any statement which is false in a material
particular,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection ( 1) above
shall be liable-
( a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both ;
( b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this section-
( a) any insurance company which makes default in comply-
ing with, or with a requirement imposed under, any
provision of this Part of this Act, being a default for
which no penalty is provided by the foregoing pro-
visions of this section; and
(b ) any other person who makes default in complying with,
or with a requirement imposed under, section 22, 24(6)
26, 30, 31 , 32, 33, 36, 37, 42(4), 43( 4) or 53( 1) above,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction ,
to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 4) Where a person continues to make default in complying
with-
(a ) section 18( 1 ) or (2) , 20( 1 ) , 21 (4) or 34(4) above ; or
(b) a requirement imposed under section 35 or 36(1 ) above,
after being convicted of that default he shall be guilty of a
further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £ 40 for each day on which the default so continues .
(5) A person shall not be guilty of an offence by reason of his
default in complying with section 53 or 54( 1 ) above if he proves
that he did not know that the acts or circumstances by virtue
of which he became or ceased to be a controller of the body
in question were such as to have that effect.
(6 ) Where a person is charged with an offence in respect of his
default in complying with a requirement imposed under section
36(2) or (3) above to produce any books or papers it shall be
PART II
c.49
1592 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART II a defence to prove that they were not in his possession or control
and that it was not reasonably practicable for him to comply
with the requirement.
Insurance
advertisements .
PART III
CONDUCT OF INSURANCE BUSINESS
62.-( 1 ) Regulations may be made as to the form and contents
of insurance advertisements.
(2) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to insurance advertisements of different classes
or descriptions .
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, any person who issues
an insurance advertisement which contravenes regulations under
this section shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) A person who in the ordinary course of his business issues
an advertisement to the order of another person, being an
advertisement the issue of which by that other person constitutes
an offence under subsection (3) above, shall not himself be guilty
of the offence if he proves that the matters contained in the
advertisement were not ( wholly or in part ) devised or selected
by him or by any person under his direction or control.
( 5 ) In this section " insurance advertisement "
means an
advertisement inviting persons to enter into or to offer to enter
into contracts of insurance, and an advertisement which contains
information calculated to lead directly or indirectly to persons
entering into or offering to enter into such contracts shall be
treated as an advertisement inviting them to do so.
( 6 ) In this section " advertisement " includes every form of
advertising, whether in a publication or by the display of notices
or by means of circulars or other documents or by an exhibition
of photographs or cinematograph films or by way of sound
broadcasting or television, and references to the issue of an
advertisement shall be construed accordingly.
( 7) For the purposes of this section an advertisement issued
by any person on behalf of or to the order of another person
shall be treated as an advertisement issued by that other person ;
and for the purposes of any proceedings under this section an
advertisement inviting persons to enter into or to offer to enter
into contracts with a person specified in the advertisement shall
be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to have been issued
by that person.
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1593
63. Any person who, by any statement, promise or forecast
PART III
:
which he knows to be misleading, false or deceptive, or by any Misleading
dishonest concealment of material facts, or by the reckless making statements etc.
( dishonest or otherwise ) of any statement, promise or forecast inducing
which is misleading, false or deceptive, induces or attempts to persons to
enter into
induce another person to enter into or offer to enter into any contracts of
contract of insurance with an insurance company shall be guilty insurance.
of an offence.
64.-( 1) Regulations may be made for requiring any person Inter-
who- mediaries in
insurance
( a) invites another person to make an offer or proposal transactions.
or to take any other step with a view to entering into
a contract of insurance with an insurance company ;
and
(b) is connected with that company as provided in the
regulations,
to give the prescribed information with respect to his connection
with the company to the person to whom the invitation is issued.
( 2) Regulations may be made for requiring any person who,
in the course of carrying on any business or profession, issues any
such invitation as is mentioned in subsection ( 1)(a ) above in
relation to an insurance company which is not an authorised
insurer in respect of the contract in question to inform the person
to whom the invitation is issued that the company is not such
an insurer as aforesaid.
In this subsection " authorised insurer ", in relation to a
contract of any description, means a person entitled to carry
on in Great Britain insurance business of a class comprising the
effecting of contracts of that description.
( 3) Regulations under this section may make different provi-
sion in relation to different cases or circumstances .
( 4 ) Any person who contravenes regulations under this section
shall be guilty of an offence.
65.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (5 ) below, no insurance com- Statutory
pany to which Part II of this Act applies and no member of notice by
insurer in
Lloyd's or of any other association of underwriters approved relation to
for the purposes of Part I of this Act by the Secretary of State long term
shall enter into a contract of a kind mentioned in section 83(2) policy.
below unless that company or member ( " the insurer ") either--
( a) has sent by post to the other party to the contract a
statutory notice in relation to that contract ; or
( b ) does so at the time when the contract is entered into .
c.49
1594 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART III ( 2) For the purposes of this section a statutory notice is a
notice which-
(a) contains such matters (and no others ) and is in such form
as may be prescribed for the purposes of this section
and complies with such requirements (whether as to
type, size, colour or disposition of lettering, quality or
colour of paper, or otherwise) as may be prescribed
for securing that the notice is easily legible ; and
(b) has annexed to it a form of notice of cancellation of
the prescribed description for use under section 66
below.
( 3) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) above
may make different provision-
(a ) in relation to contracts of different classes or
descriptions ;
(b) in relation to cases where the statutory notice is sent
before the contract is entered into and in relation to
other cases ;
and the Secretary of State may, on the application of any
insurer, alter the requirements of any regulations made for the
purposes of subsection (2)(a) above so as to adapt those
requirements to the circumstances of that insurer or to any
particular kind of contract proposed to be entered into by
that insurer .
( 4) Any insurer who contravenes this section shall be guilty
of an offence but, without prejudice to section 66(2) below, no
contract shall be invalidated by reason of the fact that the
insurer has contravened this section in relation to that contract.
( 5) Subsection (1) of this section does not apply to any
contract the effecting of which by the insurer constitutes the
carrying on of industrial assurance business ; and regulations
may exempt from that subsection contracts of any other class
or description.
(6) In sections 66 and 67 below " insurer " and " statutory
notice " have the same meaning as in this section.
Rightto 66.-( 1) A person who has received a statutory notice from
withdrawfrom an insurer in relation to any contract to which section 65( 1)
transaction
in respect of
above applies may before the expiration of-
long term
( a ) the tenth day after that on which he received the
policy.
notice ; or
(b) the earliest day on which he knows both that the con-
tract has been entered into and that the first or only
premium has been paid,
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1595
whichever is the later, serve a notice of cancellation on the PART III
insurer.
( 2 ) A person to whom an insurer ought to have, but has
not, sent a statutory notice in relation to any such contract
as aforesaid may serve a notice of cancellation on the insurer ;
but if the insurer sends him a statutory notice in relation to
that contract before he has served a notice of cancellation
under this subsection, then, without prejudice to his right to
serve a notice of cancellation under subsection (1 ) above, his
right to do so under this subsection shall cease.
( 3) A notice of cancellation may, but need not , be in the
form annexed to the statutory notice and shall have effect if,
however expressed, it indicates the intention of the person
serving it to withdraw from the transaction in relation to which
the statutory notice was or ought to have been sent.
( 4) Where a person serves a notice of cancellation, then-
(a ) if at the time when the notice is served the contract
has been entered into, the notice shall operate so as
to rescind the contract ;
( b) in any other case, the service of the notice shall operate
as a withdrawal of any offer to enter into the contract
which is contained in , or implied by, any proposal
made to the insurer by the person serving the notice
of cancellation and as notice to the insurer that any
such offer is withdrawn.
(5 ) Where a notice of cancellation operates to rescind a
contract or as the withdrawal of an offer to enter into a
contract-
( a ) any sum which the person serving the notice has paid
in connection with the contract ( whether by way of
premium or otherwise and whether to the insurer
or to a person who is the agent of the insurer for
the purpose of receiving that sum) shall be recoverable
from the insurer by the person serving the notice ;
( b) any sum which the insurer has paid under the contract
shall be recoverable by him from the person serving
the notice.
( 6) Any sum recoverable under subsection ( 5 ) above shall
be recoverable as a simple contract debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction.
67.-(1) For the purposes of section 66 above a notice of Service of
cancellation- notice of
( a) shall be deemed to be served on the insurer if it is cancellation.
sent by post addressed to any person specified in the
statutory notice as a person to whom a notice of
c . 49
1596 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART III
1889 с. 63.
cancellation may be sent, and is addressed to that
person at an address so specified ; and
( b) where paragraph (a) above applies, shall be deemed
to be served on the insurer at the time when it is
posted.
( 2) Subsection (1) above shall have effect without prejudice
to the service of a notice of cancellation (whether by post or
otherwise) in any way in which the notice could be served
apart from that subsection, whether the notice is served on
the insurer or on a person who is the agent of the insurer for
the purpose of receiving such a notice .
( 3) Anotice of cancellation which is sent by post to a person
at his proper address, otherwise than in accordance with
subsection ( 1) above, shall be deemed to be served on him at
the time when it is posted.
( 4 ) So much of section 26 of the Interpretation Act 1889
as relates to the time when service is deemed to have been
effected shall not apply to a notice of cancellation .
Linked long
68.-( 1) Regulations may be made, as respects the matters
term policies. specified in subsection (2) below, in relation to contracts of the
kinds mentioned in section 83 (2) below which-
( a) are entered into by insurance companies to which Part II
of this Act applies or by members of Lloyd's or of
any other association of underwriters approved for the
purposes of Part I of this Act by the Secretary of
State ; and
( b) are contracts under which the benefits payable to the
policy holder are wholly or partly to be determined
by reference to the value of, or the income from,
property of any description ( whether or not specified
in the contract) or by reference to fluctuations in, or
in an index of, the value of property of any description
( whether or not so specified) .
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may make provision for-
( a ) restricting the descriptions of property or the indices of
the value of property by reference to which benefits
under the contracts may be determined ;
( b) regulating the manner in which and the frequency with
which property of any description is to be valued for
the purpose of determining such benefits and the times
at which reference is to be made for that purpose to
any index of the value of property ;
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1597
( c ) requiring insurers under the contracts to appoint valuers
for carrying out valuations of property of any descrip-
tion for the purpose of determining such benefits ( being
valuers who comply with the prescribed requirements
as to qualifications and independence from the insurer)
and to furnish the Secretary of State with the prescribed
information in relation to such appointments ;
( d ) requiring insurers under the contracts to furnish, in
such manner and at such times or intervals as may be
prescribed, such information relating to the value of
the benefits under the contracts as may be prescribed,
whether by sending notices to policy holders, depositing
statements with the Secretary of State or the registrar
of companies, publication in the press or otherwise ;
( e) requiring insurers under the contracts to furnish to the
Secretary of State, in such manner and at such times
or intervals as may be prescribed, such information
certified in such manner as may be prescribed with
respect to so much of their business as is concerned
with the contracts or with any class or description of
the contracts, and enabling the Secretary of State to
publish such information in such ways as he thinks
appropriate.
(3) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) (d )
above may, in relation to notices required to be sent to policy
holders, impose requirements ( whether as to type, size, colour
or disposition of lettering, quality or colour of paper, or other-
wise) for securing that such notices are easily legible.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to different cases or circumstances ; and the
Secretary of State may, on the application of any insurer, alter
the requirements of any regulations under this section so as to
adapt those requirements to the circumstances of that insurer
or to any particular kind of contract entered into or proposed
to be entered into by that insurer.
(5) Regulations under this section may, to such extent as may
be specified therein, apply in relation to contracts entered into
before the coming into operation of the regulations, including
contracts entered into before the passing of this Act.
( 6 ) Regulations under this section shall not apply in relation
to any contract the effecting of which by the insurer constitutes
the carrying on of industrial assurance business or to any contract
entered into by an insurance company to which Part II of this
Act applies by reason only that the policy holder is eligible to
participate in any established surplus as defined in section
25(4) above .
PART III
c . 49
1598 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART III
Scope of Prevention
ofFraud
( Investments ) Act 1958.
1958 с. 45.
Capital
redemption
business.
69. The agreements and arrangements mentioned in section
13( 1) of the Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958
( misleading statements etc. inducing persons to invest money)
and in the definition of " dealing in securities " in section 26( 1 )
of that Act shall not include contracts of insurance.
70. Where an insurance company to which Part II of this
Act applies carries on capital redemption business in the case
of which the premiums in return for which a contract is effected
are payable at intervals of less than six months, the company
shall not give the holder of any policy issued after 2nd
December 1909 any advantage dependent on lot or chance :
Provided that this section shall not be construed as in any
way prejudicing any question as to the application to any such
transaction, whether in respect of a policy issued before, on or
after that date, of the law relating to lotteries.
Penalties and
71.-(1 ) Any person guilty of an offence under section 62,
offences under 63 or 64 above shall be liable
Part III.
( a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or to both ;
( b) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 2 ) Any person who makes default in complying with, or
with a requirement imposed under, any other provision of this
Part of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
Industrial
assurance
business.
PART IV
SPECIAL CLASSES OF INSURERS
72.- (1) In its application to industrial assurance business
this Act shall have effect subject to the modifications specified
in this section.
( 2) The power to make regulations for the purposes of
section 13 above so far as it relates to revenue accounts, section
14 above so far as it relates to the form and contents of abstracts
and statements and section 16 above shall, in relation to indust-
rial assurance business, be exercisable by the Industrial Assurance
Commissioner.
( 3) The provisions of sections 18 and 19( 1) above shall have
effect in relation to any document which relates to industrial
assurance business as if references in those provisions to the
Secretary of State included references to the Commissioner.
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1599
( 4 ) The power conferred by section 19( 2) above shall be exer-
PART IV
cisable by the Commissioner in the case of a document which
relates only to industrial assurance business .
(5) Where any document required to be deposited by a
company under subsection (4 ) of section 34 above relates to
industrial assurance business the company shall also, within the
time required under that subsection, deposit one copy of that
document with the Commissioner, and section 61 ( 4) above shall
have effect in relation to this subsection as it has effect in
relation to that subsection.
(6) Where any business proposed to be transferred as men-
tioned in section 42 above is or includes industrial assurance
business that section and section 43( 4) above shall have effect
as if references to the Secretary of State included references
to the Commissioner.
(7 ) The power to make orders under section 57 above as
respects section 13 above so far as it relates to revenue accounts,
sections 14, 16 and 18 above and the provisions of regulations
made for the purposes of any of those sections (other than valua-
tion regulations) shall, in relation to industrial assurance busi-
ness, be exercisable by the Commissioner.
( 8) The power conferred by section 59 above shall be exercis-
able by the Commissioner in the case of a company which
carries on in Great Britain no insurance business except indus-
trial assurance business.
(9) Where any expenses of management, or interest on invest-
ments, or sums on account of depreciation of securities , are
apportioned between the industrial assurance business and any
other business carried on by the company the auditor shall
include in his report a special report as to the propriety or
otherwise of the apportionment ; and a copy of every report of
the auditor shall be furnished to the Commissioner.
( 10 ) The provisions of this Act relating to industrial assurance
business shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the memo-
randum or articles of association or rules or special Act of any
insurance company carrying on such business :
Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the liability of
the industrial assurance fund or of the ordinary long-term
insurance fund, in the case of a company established before
1st January 1924, to the prejudice of persons interested in
contracts entered into by the company before that date.
( 11) The Commissioner shall include in his annual report
under section 44 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 a report 1923 с. 8 .
on his proceedings under this Act, and that section shall have
effect accordingly.
c.49
1600 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART IV 73.-(1) The requirements referred to in section 12( 4) above
Requirements are as follows .
to be complied
with by Lloyd's
( 2) Every underwriter shall, in accordance with the provisions
underwriters
of a trust deed approved by the Secretary of State, carry to a
etc.
trust fund all premiums received by him or on his behalf in
respect of any insurance business .
( 3) Premiums received in respect of long term business shall
in no case be carried to the same trust fund under this section
as premiums received in respect of general business, but the
trust deed may provide for carrying the premiums received in
respect of all or any classes of long term business and all or any
classes of general business either to a common fund or to any
number of separate funds.
( 4 ) The accounts of every underwriter shall be audited
annually by an accountant approved by the Committee of
Lloyd's or the managing body of the association, as the case
may be, and the auditor shall furnish a certificate in the pre-
scribed form to the Committee or managing body and the
Secretary of State.
(5 ) The said certificate shall in particular state whether in the
opinion of the auditor the value of the assets available to meet
the underwriter's liabilities in respect of insurance business is
correctly shown in the accounts, and whether or not that value
is sufficient to meet the liabilities calculated-
( a) in the case of liabilities in respect of long term business ,
by an actuary ; and
( b) in the case of other liabilities , by the auditor on a basis
approved by the Secretary of State .
( 6) Where any liabilities of an underwriter are calculated by
an actuary under subsection ( 5) above, he shall furnish a certifi-
cate of the amount thereof to the Committee of Lloyd's or
the managing body of the association, as the case may be, and
to the Secretary of State, and shall state in his certificate on
what basis the calculation is made ; and a copy of his certificate
shall be annexed to the auditor's certificate .
(7 ) The underwriter shall, when required by the Committee
of Lloyd's or the managing body of the association, as the case
may be, furnish to them such information as they may require for
the purpose of preparing the statement of business which is to
be deposited with the Secretary of State under section 74 below.
Statement of
business by
Committee of
Lloyd's etc.
74.- ( 1) The Committee of Lloyd's, and the managing body
of every association of underwriters approved by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of Part I of this Act, shall deposit every
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1601
year with the Secretary of State a statement in the prescribed form summarising the extent and character of the insurance
business done by the members of Lloyd's or of the association,
as the case may be, in the twelve months to which the statement
relates.
PART IV
( 2) Regulations made for the purposes of this section may
require the statement to deal separately with such classes or
descriptions of business as may be specified in the regulations.
75.-( 1 ) Regulations may provide that, in their application Companies
to an insurance company established in a country outside Great established
outside
Britain, sections 4, 5 and 44 above shall have effect subject to Great Britain.
such adaptations of the references to sums of money and to
paid up share capital as appear to the Secretary of State to be
necessary having regard to the currency of that country or the
law relating to companies in force in that country.
( 2) The following provisions of the Companies Act 1948, 1948 с. 38.
that is to say, sections 407, 409 to 415 and 425, if, apart from
this subsection they would not so apply, shall apply in relation
to an insurance company incorporated outside Great Britain
which carries on insurance business within Great Britain as they
apply in relation to oversea companies within the meaning of
section 406 of that Act.
76.-( 1 ) Every insurance company to which Part II of this Unregistered
Act applies, being a company which is not registered under the companies.
Companies Act 1948 or under the former Companies Acts 1948 с. 38.
( a ) if it has not incorporated in its deed of settlement
section 10 of the Companies Clauses Consolidation 1845 c. 16.
Act 1845, shall keep a shareholders address book in
accordance with the provisions of that section and
shall , on the application of any shareholder or policy
holder of the company, furnish to him a copy of the
book on payment of a sum not exceeding 24p. for
every hundred words required to be copied ;
(b) shall cause a sufficient number of copies of its deed
of settlement to be printed and shall, on the applica-
tion of any shareholder or policy holder of the com-
pany, furnish to him one of those copies on payment
of a sum not exceeding 5p.
( 2) Any insurance company which makes default in complying
with this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.
Part II X
c . 49
1602 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART IV 77. ( 1 ) Section 434 of the Companies Act 1948 (which in
Insurance
certain case forbids the formation otherwise than under that
companies
Act of a company, association or partnership consisting of more
formed before than twenty persons ) shall be deemed not to have invalidated
1967 in
contravention
the formation of any insurance company which immediately
of s. 434 of
before 3rd November 1966 was carrying on in Great Britain
Companies
insurance business of any class relevant for the purposes of
Act1948.
Part I of this Act and was carrying on business of that class on
1948 с. 38.
25th July 1973 .
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) above the reference to the said section
434 includes a reference to any corresponding enactment pre-
viously in force.
Power to
make
valuation
regulations .
Criminal
liability of
directors .
PART V
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Valuation regulations
78.-( 1 ) Regulations may be made with respect to the
determination of the value of assets and the amount of liabilities
in any case in which the value or amount is required by any
provision of this Act to be determined in accordance with
valuation regulations .
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1 ) above,
regulations under this section may provide that, for any specified
purpose, assets or liabilities of any specified class or description
shall be left out of account or shall be taken into account only
to a specified extent.
( 3) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to different cases or circumstances.
Criminal proceedings
79.-( 1 ) Where an offence under this Act committed by a
body corporate is proved to have been committed with the
consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect
on the part of, any director, chief executive, manager, secretary
or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person
who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as
the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and liable
to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed
to be a director of a body corporate if he is a person in accord-
ance with whose directions or instructions the directors of the
body corporate or any of them act.
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1603
80.-( 1) Proceedings for an offence alleged to have been com-
PART V
mitted under this Act by an unincorporated body shall be Criminal
brought in the name of that body (and not in that of any of its proceedings
members) and, for the purposes of any such proceedings, any against un-
rules of court relating to the service of documents shall have incorporated
bodies.
effect as if that body were a corporation .
( 2) A fine imposed on an unincorporated body on its con-
viction of an offence under this Act shall be paid out of the
funds of that body.
( 3) Section 33 of the Criminal Justice Act 1925 and Schedule 1925 c. 86.
2 to the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 (procedure on charge of 1952 c. 55.
offence against a corporation) shall have effect in a case in
which an unincorporated body is charged in England or Wales
with an offence under this Act in like manner as they have effect
in the case of a corporation so charged.
( 4) In relation to any proceedings on indictment in Scotland
for an offence alleged to have been committed under this Act
by an unincorporated body, section 40 of the Criminal Justice 1949 c. 94.
( Scotland) Act 1949 (proceedings on indictment against bodies
corporate) shall have effect as if that body were a body corporate.
81. Proceedings in respect of an offence under this Act shall Restriction on
not, in England or Wales, being instituted except by or with the institution of
consent of the Secretary of State, the Industrial Assurance Com- prosecutions.
missioner or the Director of Public Prosecutions.
82.-( 1 ) Summary proceedings for any offence under this Act Summary
may ( without prejudice to any jurisdiction exercisable apart proceedings.
from this subsection ) be taken against a body corporate at any
place at which the body has a place of business, and against
any other person at any place at which he is for the time
being.
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magis- 1952 c. 55.
trates' Courts Act 1952, an information relating to an offence
under this Act which is triable by a magistrates' court in
England and Wales may be so tried if it is laid at any time
within three years after the commission of the offence and within
twelve months after the date on which evidence sufficient, in the
opinion of the Director of Public Prosecutions, the Secretary of
State or the Industrial Assurance Commissioner, as the case may
be, to justify the proceedings comes to his knowledge.
( 3) Summary proceedings in Scotland for an offence under
this Act shall not be commenced after the expiration of three
years from the commission of the offence but, subject to the
foregoing limitation and notwithstanding anything in section 23
of the Summary Jurisdiction ( Scotland ) Act 1954, such pro- 1954 c. 48.
ceedings may be commenced at any time within twelve months
X2
c . 49
1604 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART V Definitions
of classes of
insurance
business.
1923 с. 8.
after the date on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the
Lord Advocate to justify the proceedings comes to his know-
ledge or, where such evidence was reported to him by the Secre-
tary of State or the Industrial Assurance Commissioner, within
twelve months after the date on which it came to the know-
ledge of the Secretary of State or Commissioner ; and subsection
( 2) of the said section 23 shall apply for the purpose of this
subsection as it applies for the purpose of that section.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section a certificate of the Director
of Public Prosecutions, the Lord Advocate, the Secretary of
State or the Industrial Assurance Commissioner, as the case
may be, as to the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came
to his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence.
Interpretation
83.- (1) In this Act " industrial assurance business " has
the meaning given in section 1( 2) of the Industrial Assurance
Act 1923 .
66
( 2) In this Act ordinary long-term insurance business "
means business of any of the following kinds, namely, -
( a ) effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance on
human life or contracts to pay annuities on human life ;
(b) effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance against
risks of the persons insured sustaining injury as the
result of an accident or of an accident of a specified
class or dying as the result of an accident or of an
accident of a specified class or becoming incapacitated
in consequence of disease or of disease of a specified
class, being contracts that are expressed to be in effect
for a period of not less than five years or without limit
of time and either are not expressed to be terminable
by the insurer before the expiration of five years from
the taking effect thereof or are expressed to be so
terminable before the expiration of that period only
in special circumstances therein mentioned ; and
( c) effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance, whether
effected by the issue of policies, bonds or endowment
certificates or otherwise, whereby, in return for one or
more premiums paid to the insurer, a sum or a series
of sums is to become payable to the insured in the
future, not being such contracts as fall within either of
the foregoing paragraphs ;
butdoes not include industrial assurance business .
"
( 3) In this Act liability insurance business " means the
business of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance
against risks of the persons insured incurring liabilities to third
c .49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1605
parties, not being risks arising out of, or in connection with
the use of, motor vehicles or out of, or in connection with the
use of, vessels or aircraft or risks incidental to the construc-
tion, repair or docking of vessels or aircraft.
( 4 ) In this Act " marine, aviation and transport insurance
business " means, subject to subsection (9) below, the business
of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance-
(a) upon vessels or aircraft, or upon the machinery, tackle,
furniture or equipment of vessels or aircraft ;
(b) upon goods, merchandise or property of any description
whatever on board of vessels or aircraft ;
( c ) upon the freight of, or any other interest in or relating
to, vessels or aircraft ;
( d ) against damage arising out of, or in connection with,
the use of vessels or aircraft, including third-party
risks ;
(e) against risks incidental to the construction, repair or
docking of vessels, including third- party risks ;
( f ) against transit risks (whether the transit is by sea, inland
water, land or air, or partly one and partly another),
including risks incidental to the transit insured from the
commencement of the transit to the ultimate destina-
tion covered by the insurance ; or
( g) against any other risks insurance against which is
customarily undertaken in conjunction with, or as
incidental to, the undertaking of such business as falls
within this definition by virtue of any of the foregoing
paragraphs .
( 5) In this Act " motor vehicle insurance business " means,
subject to subsection (9) below, the business of effecting and
carrying out contracts of insurance against loss of, or damage
to, or arising out of or in connection with the use of, motor
vehicles, inclusive of third- party risks but exclusive of transit
risks.
( 6 ) In this Act " pecuniary loss insurance business " means
the business of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance
against any of the following risks, namely, -
( a) risks of loss to the persons insured arising from the
insolvency of debtors of theirs or from the failure
( otherwise than through insolvency) of debtors of theirs
to pay their debts when due ;
(b) risks of loss to the persons insured arising from their
having to perform contracts of guarantee entered into
by them ;
X3
PART V
c .49
1606 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PART V
(c) risks of loss to the persons insured attributable to inter-
ruptions of the carrying on of business carried on by
them or to reductions of the scope of businesses so
carried on ;
( d ) risks of loss to the persons insured attributable to their
incurring unforeseen expense ; and
(e) risks neither falling within any of the foregoing para-
graphs nor being of a kind such that the carrying on
of the business of effecting and carrying out contracts
of insurance against them constitutes the carrying on of
insurance business of some other class .
( 7 ) In this Act " personal accident insurance business " means
the business of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance
against risks of the persons insured sustaining injury as the result
of an accident or of an accident of a specified class or dying
as the result of an accident or of an accident of a specified
class or becoming incapacitated in consequence of disease or of
disease of a specified class, not being contracts falling within
subsection (2) (b) above.
66
( 8 ) In this Act property insurance business " means the
business of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance
against risks of loss of, or damage to, material property, not
being risks of a kind such that the business of effecting and carry-
ing out contracts of insurance against them constitutes marine,
aviation and transport insurance business or motor vehicle
insurance business .
(9) In subsections (3) and ( 4) above " vessels or aircraft "
includes hovercraft to which this Act applies ; but the business
of effecting and carrying out contracts of insurance against
loss of, or damage to, or arising out of or in connection with the
use of, such hovercraft (inclusive of third-party risks but exclusive
of transit risks), if carried on by a person who at the same time
carries on motor vehicle insurance business but does not other-
wise carry on marine, aviation and transport insurance business,
shall be taken for the purposes of this Act to be motor vehicle
insurance business .
Insurance
84.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be
business of
one class
taken to carry on liability insurance business by reason only
incidental to
of the incidental inclusion, in a contract of insurance whose
insurance
principal object is to insure a person against risks of a kind
business of
such that the business of effecting and carrying out contracts of
different class . insurance against them constitutes property insurance business,
of provision whereby he assumes liability against the risk of the
person insured incurring liabilities to third parties.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be taken
to carry on marine, aviation and transport insurance business
c. 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1607
by reason only of the incidental inclusion, in a contract of insurance whose principal object is to insure a person against
risks of a kind such that the business of effecting and carrying
out contracts of insurance against them constitutes insurance
business of some other class, of provision whereby he assumes
a liability of a kind whose assumption by itself in a contract
of insurance would make that contract such a one as is men-
tioned in section 83(4) above.
PART V
( 3) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be taken
to carry on motor vehicle insurance business by reason only of
the fact that goods, merchandise or property upon which a
contract of insurance is effected by him (being goods, mer-
chandise or property on board of a vessel or aircraft or of a
hovercraft to which this Act applies) consist of, or include, motor
vehicles.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be taken
to carry on ordinary long- term insurance business by reason
only of the incidental inclusion in a contract of insurance whose
principal object is to insure a person against risks of a kind
such that the business of effecting and carrying out contracts
of insurance against them constitutes marine, aviation and
transport insurance business, motor vehicle insurance business or
property insurance business, of provision whereby he assumes
liability against the happening of personal accidents (whether
fatal or not).
(5) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be taken
to carry on pecuniary loss insurance business by reason only
of the incidental inclusion, in a contract of insurance whose
principal object is to insure a person against risks of a kind
such that the business of effecting and carrying out contracts of
insurance against them constitutes marine, aviation and transport
insurance business, motor vehicle insurance business or property
insurance business, of provision whereby he assumes liability
against such risks as are mentioned in section 83(6) (c) and (d )
above.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not be taken
to carry on personal accident insurance business by reason only
of the incidental inclusion, in a contract of insurance whose
principal object is to insure a person against risks of a kind
such that the business of effecting and carrying out contracts
of insurance against them constitutes marine, aviation and
transport insurance business, motor vehicle insurance business
or property insurance business, of provision whereby he assumes
liability against the happening of personal accidents (whether
fatal or not ).
X4
1608 Insurance Companies Act 1974
c.49
PARTV
85.-( 1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
General
" actuary " means an actuary possessing the prescribed66
interpretation.
qualifications ;
" annuities on human life " does not include superannua-
tion allowances and annuities payable out of any fund
applicable solely to the relief and maintenance of
persons engaged or who have been engaged in any
particular profession, trade or employment, or of the
dependants of such persons ;
" authorisation " means an authorisation under section
3 ( 1 ) ( b) above ;
66 body corporate " does not include a corporation sole or
a Scottish firm but includes a body incorporated out-
side Great Britain ;
" capital redemption business " means such business as, by
virtue of paragraph ( c) of subsection (2) of section 83
above falls within the definition in that subsection of
ordinary long-term insurance business ;
" chief executive " has the meaning given in section 7
above ;
" contract of insurance ", except in sections 83 and 84,
includes a contract to pay an annuity on human life ;
" controller " has the meaning given in section 7 above ;
" court " means the High Court of Justice in England or,
in the case of an insurance company registered or
having its head office in Scotland, the Court of
Session ;
" deed of settlement ", in relation to an insurance company,
includes any instrument constituting the company ;
" director " includes any person occupying the position of
director by whatever name called ;
" financial year " means, subject to section 59 above, each
period of twelve months at the end of which the balance
of the accounts of the insurance company is struck or,
if no such balance is struck, the calendar year ;
1929 с. 23 .
" former Companies Acts " means the Companies Act
1908 с. 69.
1929 and any enactment repealed by that Act or by
the Companies (Consolidation) Act 1908 ;
" general business " has the meaning given in section 1 (2)
above ;
" hovercraft to which this Act applies " means a hovercraft
other than a hovertrain, which is used-
(a ) wholly or partly on or over the sea or navigable
waters ; or
(b) on or over land to which the public have access
or non-navigable waters to which the public have
access ; or
c . 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1609
( c) elsewhere for the carriage of passengers for PARTV
reward ;
and for the purposes of this definition “ navigable
waters" means any waters which are in fact navigable
by ships or vessels, whether or not the tide ebbs and
flows there and whether or not there is a public right of
navigation in those waters ;
" hovertrain " means a hovercraft which is at all times guided
by tracks, rails or guides fixed to the ground ;
" industrial assurance business " has the meaning given in
section 1 ( 2) of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 ;
1923 с. 8.
66
insolvent " means, in relation to an insurance company at
any relevant date, that if proceedings had been taken
for the winding up of the company the court could,
in accordance with the provisions of sections 222 and
223 or section 399 of the Companies Act 1948, hold or 1948 с. 38.
have held that the company was at that date unable
to pay its debts ;
" insurance company " means a person or body of persons
( whether incorporated or not ) carrying on insurance
business ;
66 liability insurance business " has the meaning given in
section 83 (3) above ;
" life policy " means any instrument by which the payment
of money is assured on death (except death by accident
only ) or the happening of any contingency dependent
on human life, or any instrument evidencing a contract
which is subject to payment of premiums for a term
dependent on human life ;
66
long term business " has the meaning given in section 1 (2)
above ;
66
long term policy holder " means a policy holder in respect
of a policy the effecting of which by the insurer con-
stituted the carrying on of long term business ;
66
manager " , except in section 48, has the meaning given in
section 7 above ;
66
marine, aviation and transport insurance business " has
the meaning given in section 83( 4) above ;
" mortgage ", in relation to Scotland, means a heritable
security within the meaning of section 9(8) of the
Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland ) Act 1970 с. 35.
1970;
" motor vehicle insurance business " has the meaning given
in section 83(5) above ;
" ordinary long-term insurance business " has the meaning
given in section 83(2) above ;
1610 Insurance Companies Act 1974
c.49
PARTV
1965 с. 12.
1948 с. 38.
66 " pecuniary loss insurance business " has the meaning given
in section 83(6) above ;
" personal accident insurance business " has the meaning
given in section 83 (7) above ;
" policy " -
( a ) in relation to ordinary long-term insurance
business and industrial assurance business, includes
an instrument evidencing a contract to pay an annuity
upon human life ;
( b) in relation to insurance business of any other
class includes any policy under which there is for the
time being an existing liability already accrued or
under which a liability may accrue ; and
( c ) in relation to capital redemption business,
includes any policy, bond, certificate, receipt or other
instrument evidencing the contract with the com-
pany ;
" policy holder " means the person who for the time being
is the legal holder of the policy for securing the con-
tract with the insurance company or, in relation to
capital redemption business, means the person who
for the time being is the legal holder of the policy,
bond, certificate, receipt or other instrument evidencing
the contract with the company, and-
( a ) in relation to such ordinary long-term insurance
business or industrial assurance business as consists
in the granting of annuities upon human life, includes
an annuitant ; and
( b ) in relation to insurance business of any kind
other than such as is mentioned in the foregoing
paragraph or capital redemption business, includes a
person to whom, under a policy, a sum is due or
a periodic payment is payable ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under this
Act;
" property insurance business " has the meaning given in
section 83 (8) above ;
" registered society " means a society registered or deemed
to be registered under the Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1965 or any corresponding enactment or
Measure in force in Northern Ireland ;
" registrar of companies " has the meaning given in section
455 of the Companies Act 1948 ;
" subsidiary " , except in section 49, shall be construed in
accordance with section 154 of the Companies Act
1948 ;
c. 49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1611
" underwriter " includes any person named in a policy
PART V
or other contract of insurance as liable to pay or con-
tribute towards the payment of the sum secured by the
policy or contract ;
" valuation regulations " means regulations under section 78
above.
( 2) References in this Act to a fund or funds maintained in
respect of long term business are references to a fund or funds
maintained under section 23( 1)(b) above and in sections 41( 2)
and 47(6 ) above include references to a fund or funds main-
tained under section 3(1) of the Insurance Companies Act 1958. 1958 c. 72.
(3) A person shall not be deemed to be within the meaning
of any provision of this Act a person in accordance with whose
directions or instructions the directors of a company or other
body corporate or any of them are accustomed to act by reason
only that the directors of the company or body act on advice
given by him in a professional capacity.
( 4 ) Except where the context otherwise requires, references
in this Act to any other enactment are references to that enact-
ment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment.
Supplementary
86.-(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations under Regulations
this Act for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or and orders .
required to be made thereunder.
( 2) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations and
the power to make orders under sections 10 and 58 above shall
be exercisable by statutory instrument.
( 3) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this
Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament ; and no order shall be made
under section 10 or 58 above unless a draft of it has been
approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.
87. The Secretary of State shall cause a general annual report Annual report
of matters within this Act to be laid before Parliament. by Secretary of
State.
88.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Act Consequential
shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified, being amendments,
amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act.
repeals and
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 2 to this Act are
savings.
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
( 3) In so far as any instrument made or other thing done 1958 с . 72.
( or by virtue of section 36( 4) of the Insurance Companies Act 1973 c. 58.
1958 or section 54(5), (6) or (7) of the Insurance Companies
c .49
1612 Insurance Companies Act 1974
PARTV
1909 с. 49.
1889 с. 63 .
Transitory
provisions
relating to
coming into
force of
Insurance
Companies
Amendment
Act 1973 .
1973 с. 58.
1967 с. 81 .
1958 с. 72.
Amendment Act 1973 having effect as if made or done) under an
enactment repealed by this Act could have been made or done
under a corresponding enactment in this Act, it shall not be
invalidated by the repeal effected by this section but shall have
effect as if it had been made or done under that corresponding
enactment.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, any enactment
or other document whatsoever referring to any enactment
repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring (or including
a reference) to the corresponding enactment in this Act.
( 5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 4) above,
any enactment or document whatsoever referring to an assurance
company within the meaning of the Assurance Companies Act
1909 shall be construed as referring (or as including a reference)
to an insurance company to which Part II of this Act applies .
( 6) The foregoing provisions of this section are without pre-
judice to section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of
repeals) .
89.-( 1 ) The repeal by the Insurance Companies Amendment
Act 1973 of sections 65, 68 and 80 and subsection ( 1 ) ( f ) of section
109 of the Companies Act 1967 shall not affect-
( a) any requirement or direction imposed or given under
any of those sections before 25th July 1973 ;
(b) the giving of a direction under the said section 68 in
any case in which a notice has been served under sub-
section (3) of that section before that date ; or
( c) the exercise by an officer of any powers under the said
section 109 in a case in which he has been authorised
before that date to exercise them ;
and the said Act of 1967 shall have effect in relation to any
such requirement, direction or powers as if the said Act of
1973 and this Act had not been passed.
(2) The provisions of this Act, so far as re-enacting provisions
of the said Act of 1973 relating to winding up, shall not affect any
winding up commenced before the date on which the first rules
made by virtue of section 30(5) of the said Act of 1973 or section
51 (2) above come into operation .
( 3) In relation to any amalgamation or transfer in respect of
which proceedings under section 11 of the Insurance Companies
Act 1958 were begun before 25th January 1974, the said Act of
1958 and the Act of 1967 shall continue to have effect as if the
said Act of 1973 and this Act had not been passed.
( 4 ) In relation to any offence committed before 25th July 1973
sections 11 (3) (b) and 61 (2) (b) above shall have effect as if they
contained provisions corresponding to sections 60( 4) ( b) and
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1613
84(2) (b) of the said Act of 1967 respectively, and sections 61(3),
PART V
71 (2) and 76( 2) above shall have effect as if for " £400 " there
were substituted " £200 ".
( 5 ) If no regulations under section 11 of the said Act of 1973
have come into operation before the expiration of the period
mentioned in section 90(2) below (in this section referred to as
66 the commencement of this Act " ) section 27 above shall not
take effect until the first regulations under the said section 11 or
27 come into operation.
( 6 ) If no rules under section 30(5) of the said Act of 1973 have
come into operation before the commencement of this Act the
repeal of section 17( 2) and (3) of, and Schedules 3 and 4 to, the
said Act of 1958 shall not take effect until the first rules under
the said section 30( 5) or under section 51( 2) above come into
operation.
( 7) If no regulations made for the purposes of sections 33 to
35 of the said Act of 1973 have come into operation before the
commencement of this Act sections 52 to 54 above and the repeal
of sections 82 and 83 of the said Act of 1967 shall not take
effect until the date on which the first regulations made for the
purposes of the said sections 33 to 35 or 52 to 54 come into
operation ; and so long as the said sections 82 and 83 continue
in force the said Act of 1967 shall have effect in relation to them
as if the said Act of 1973 and this Act had not been passed.
(8) If no regulations under section 44(5) of the said Act of
1973 have come into operation before the commencement of this
Act sections 65 to 67 above shall not take effect until the first
regulations under the said section 44( 5) or under section 65(5)
above come into operation.
90.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Insurance Companies Short title,
Act 1974.
commencement
and extent.( 2) Subject to section 89 above, this Act shall come into opera-
tion at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with
the date on which it is passed.
( 3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
c .49
1614 Insurance Companies Act 1974
Section 88
1948 с. 38.
1958 с. 72.
1962 с. 37.
1967 с. 29.
1967 с. 84 .
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Companies Act 1948
In section 433( 6 ) of the Companies Act 1948 for the words " the
Assurance Companies Act 1909 " there shall be substituted the words
" the Insurance Companies Act 1974 " .
In paragraph 24(1) of Schedule 8 to the said Act of 1948, for
the words " the Insurance Companies Act 1958 " there shall be
substituted the words " Part II of the Insurance Companies Act
1974".
The Insurance Companies Act 1958
In section 20( 2) of the Insurance Companies Act 1958 , as it has
effect by virtue of section 51 of the Insurance Companies Amend-
ment Act 1973, for the words " section thirteen of this Act " there
shall be substituted the words " section 44 of the Insurance Com-
panies Act 1974 " .
The Building Societies Act 1962
In section 129(1) of the Building Societies Act 1962, in the definition
of " policy of life assurance ", for the words " the Insurance Com-
panies Act 1958 " there shall be substituted the words " Part II
of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 " .
In paragraphs 2, 7 and 9 of Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1962
for the words " the Insurance Companies Act 1958 " there shall
be substituted the words " Part II of the Insurance Companies Act
1974 ".
The Housing Subsidies Act 1967
In section 32( 1) of the Housing Subsidies Act 1967 for the words
"the Insurance Companies Act 1958 " there shall be substituted the
words " Part II of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 " .
The Companies Act 1967
In section 89(1) of the Companies Act 1967 for the words from
66
" director " to manager there shall be substituted the words
" director, chief executive or manager (as defined in the Insurance
Companies Act 1974) " .
In section 97 of the said Act of 1967 the words from " 1 (5) "
to " 60(2)(b) and" shall be omitted.
In section 99 of the said Act of 1967 the words from the beginning
to " column 2 of that Part of that Schedule, and" shall be omitted.
In section 110(1) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section 20
of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " there shall be
substituted the words " section 36 of the Insurance Companies Act
1974".
In section 111(1) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section
20( 2) to (4) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 "
there shall be substituted the words " section 36( 2) to ( 4) of the
Insurance Companies Act 1974 " and for the words or the Insur-
ance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " (in both places) there shall
be substituted the words " or the Insurance Companies Act 1974 " .
c.49
Insurance Companies Act 1974 1615
In section 113(1) of the said Act of 1967 for the words " the
Insurance Companies Act 1958 " there shall be substituted the words
" Part II of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 ".
In section 116 of the said Act of 1967 for the words " section 20( 2)
to ( 4 ) of the Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973 " (in both
places) there shall be substituted the words " section 36( 2) to ( 4)
of the Insurance Companies Act 1974 " .
The Employers ' Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969
In section 1( 3)(b) of the Employers' Liability (Compulsory Insur-
ance) Act 1969 for the words " Part II of the Companies Act 1967 "
there shall be substituted the words " Part I of the Insurance Com-
panies Act 1974 ".
The Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
In section 19( 2) (a)(ii) of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970 for the words " Schedule 1 to the Insurance Companies Act
1958 " there shall be substituted the words " section 73 of the Insur-
ance Companies Act 1974 " .
In section 323(2) of the said Act of 1970 for the words " the
Insurance Companies Act 1958 " (in both places) there shall be
substituted the words " Part II of the Insurance Companies Act
1974 ".
SCH. 1
1969 с. 57.
1970 с. 10.
SCHEDULE 2
REPEALS
Chapter
Short title Extent of repeal
6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Insurance Companies The whole Act, so far as un-
с. 72.
Act 1958. repealed, except sections 19
( 1), 20, 34, 36 (4), (5) and (7)
and 37( 1) and (3) .
1967 с. 81 .
The Companies Act 1967. Part II, so far as unrepealed,
except sections 60( 3), 86, 87,
89, 90, 91, 96, 97, 99, 102(3)
and (4) , 107 and 108 and the
definition of " director " in
section 102(2) .
In section 111(1)(a ) the words
" the Insurance Companies
Act 1958 ".
Section 130(3 ).
Schedule 5.
Part I of Schedule 6.
Part VI of Schedule 8.
1973 с. 58. The Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973.
The whole Act except sections
50, 51 , 54(1), 56, 57(1 ),
paragraphs 15 to 17 of Sched-
ule 1 , and Schedules 3 to 5.
Section 88 .
c. 50 1617
DIEUETMON DROIZ
SINOH
PENSE
Road Traffic Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 50
An Act to make further provision with respect to road
traffic and operators' licences, and for connected
purposes. [31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Liability of vehicle owners
1.-( 1 ) This section applies where Liability of
( a ) a fixed penalty notice has been given under subsection vehicle owner
in respect of
( 2 ), or affixed to a vehicle under subsection ( 7 ), of certain fixed
section 80 of the 1967 Act ; and penalty
( b) the fixed penalty notice relates to an offence committed offences.
in respect of a stationary vehicle and falling within
any of paragraphs ( a ) to ( c) and ( f ) of subsection ( 1 )
of that section, other than the offence mentioned in
paragraph (b) of that subsection of obstructing a road ;
and
( c) the fixed penalty has not been paid within the period of
21 days mentioned in subsection (3) of that section or,
if it is longer, the period fixed for payment by the
fixed penalty notice.
( 2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, -
( a) for the purposes of the institution of proceedings in
respect of the alleged offence against any person as
being the owner of the vehicle at the relevant time,
and
1618 Road Traffic Act 1974
c. 50
( b ) in any proceedings in respect of the alleged offence
brought against any person as being the owner of
the vehicle at the relevant time,
it shall be conclusively presumed (notwithstanding that that
person may not be an individual) that he was the driver of the
vehicle at that time and, accordingly, that acts or omissions
of the driver of the vehicle at that time were his acts or
omissions .
( 3) Subsection (2) above shall not apply in relation to any
person unless, within the period of 6 months beginning on the
day on which the fixed penalty notice was given or affixed
as mentioned in subsection ( 1 )(a) above, a notice under sub-
section (6) below has been served on him by or on behalf of
the chief officer of police.
( 4 ) If the person on whom a notice under subsection (6) below
is served in accordance with subsection (3) above was not the
owner of the vehicle at the relevant time, subsection (2) above
shall not apply in relation to him if he furnishes a statutory
statement of ownership to that effect in compliance with the
notice.
( 5 ) The presumption in subsection (2) above shall not apply
in any proceedings brought against any person as being the
owner of the vehicle at the relevant time if, in those proceedings ,
it is proved-
( a) that at the relevant time the vehicle was in the possession
of some other person without the consent of the
accused ; or
( b) that the accused was not the owner of the vehicle
at the relevant time and that he has a reasonable
excuse for failing to comply with the notice under
subsection (6) below served on him in accordance with
subsection (3) above.
( 6) A notice under this subsection shall be in the prescribed
form, shall give particulars of the alleged offence and of the
fixed penalty concerned and shall provide that, unless the fixed
penalty is paid before the expiry of the appropriate period, the
person on whom the notice is served-
( a) is required, before the expiry of that period, to furnish
to the chief officer of police by or on behalf of whom
the notice was served a statutory statement of owner-
ship (as defined in Part I of Schedule 1 to this Act) ;
and
( b) is invited, before the expiry of that period, to furnish
to that chief officer of police a statutory statement of
facts (as defined in Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act) .
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1619
( 7 ) If, in any case where-
( a ) a notice under subsection (6) above has been served
on any person, and
( b) the fixed penalty specified in the notice is not paid
within the appropriate period,
the person so served fails without reasonable excuse to comply
with the notice by furnishing a statutory statement of owner-
ship, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £ 100.
( 8) If, in compliance with or in response to a notice under
subsection (6) above, any person furnishes a statement which is
false in a material particular and does so recklessly or knowing
it to be so false, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £ 400.
( 9) Without prejudice to section 80(2) of the 1967 Act (pay-
ment of fixed penalty before proceedings are begun a bar to
conviction) where a notice under subsection (6) above has been
served on any person, -
( a ) payment of the fixed penalty by any person before the
date on which proceedings are begun against the person
so served for an offence under subsection ( 7) above in
respect of a failure to comply with the notice shall
discharge any liability of his for that offence ; and
( b ) conviction of any person of the offence specified in the
notice shall discharge the liability of any other person
( under this or any other enactment) for that offence
and the liability of any person for an offence under
subsection (7) above in respect of a failure to comply
with the notice ; and
( c ) conviction of the person so served of an offence under
subsection (7) above in respect of a failure to comply
with the notice shall discharge the liability of any
person for the offence specified in the notice ;
but , except as provided by this subsection, nothing in this section
shall affect the liability of any person for an offence specified in
a notice under subsection (6) above.
2.-( 1 ) This section applies where- Liability of
( a ) an excess charge has been incurred in pursuance of an
vehicle owner
in respect of
order under sections 35 and 36 of the 1967 Act ( pro- excess parking
vision on highways of parking places where charges charges.
are made) ; and
( b) notice of the incurring of the excess charge has been
given or affixed as provided in the order ; and
c. 50
1620 Road Traffic Act 1974
( c ) the excess charge has not been duly paid in accordance
with the order ;
and in the following provisions of this section " the excess
charge offence " means the offence under section 42 of the 1967
Act of failing duly to pay the excess charge .
(2 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, -
( a ) for the purposes of the institution of proceedings in
respect of the excess charge offence against any person
as being the owner of the vehicle at the relevant time,
and
( b) in any proceedings in respect of the excess charge
offence brought against any person as being the owner
of the vehicle at the relevant time,
it shall be conclusively presumed (notwithstanding that that
person may not be an individual ) that he was the driver of the
vehicle at that time and, accordingly, that acts or omissions of
the driver of the vehicle at that time were his acts or
omissions.
( 3) Subsection (2) above shall not apply in relation to any
person unless, within the period of 6 months beginning on the
day on which the notice of the incurring of the excess charge
was given or affixed as mentioned in subsection ( 1)(b) above, a
notice under subsection (6) below has been served on him by
or on behalf of the authority which is the local authority for the
purposes of sections 35 and 36 of the 1967 Act in relation to
the parking place concerned or, as the case may be, by or on
behalf of the chief officer of police.
( 4 ) If the person on whom a notice under subsection (6) below
is served in accordance with subsection (3) above was not the
owner of the vehicle at the relevant time, subsection (2) above
shall not apply in relation to him if he furnishes a statutory
statement of ownership to that effect in compliance with the
notice.
(5) The presumption in subsection ( 2) above shall not apply
in any proceedings brought against any person as being the owner
of the vehicle at the relevant time if , in those proceedings, it is
proved-
( a) that at the relevant time the vehicle was in the posses-
sion of some other person without the consent of the
accused; or
(b) that the accused was not the owner of the vehicle at
the relevant time and that he has a reasonable excuse
for failing to comply with the notice under subsection
( 6) below served on him in accordance with subsection
( 3 ) above.
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1621
( 6) A notice under this subsection shall be in the prescribed
form, shall give particulars of the excess charge and shall provide
that, unless the excess charge is paid before the expiry of the
appropriate period, the person on whom the notice is served-
( a) is required, before the expiry of that period, to furnish
to the authority or chief officer of police by or on
behalf of whom the notice was served a statutory
statement of ownership (as defined in Part I of
Schedule 1 to this Act) ; and
( b) is invited, before the expiry of that period, to furnish
to that authority or chief officer of police a statutory
statement of facts (as defined in Part II of Schedule
1 to this Act) .
( 7) If, in any case where-
(a) a notice under subsection (6) above has been served on
any person, and
( b) the excess charge specified in the notice is not paid
within the appropriate period,
the person so served fails without reasonable excuse to comply
with the notice by furnishing a statutory statement of ownership,
he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 100.
( 8) If , in compliance with or in response to a notice under
subsection (6) above, any person furnishes a statement which is
false in a material particular and does so recklessly or knowing
it to be so false, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a
fine not exceeding £ 400.
(9) Where a notice under this section has been served on any
person in respect of any excess charge, -
( a ) payment of the charge by any person before the date
on which proceedings are begun for the excess charge
offence or, as the case may be, for an offence under
subsection (7) above in respect of a failure to comply
with the notice shall discharge the liability of that
or any other person (under this or any other enactment)
for the excess charge offence or, as the case may be,
for the offence under subsection (7) above ;
( b) conviction of any person of the excess charge offence
shall discharge the liability of any other person ( under
this or any other enactment) for that offence and the
liability of any person for an offence under subsection
( 7 ) above in respect of a failure to comply with the
notice; and
( c ) conviction of the person so served of an offence under
subsection (7) above in respect of a failure to comply
c .50
1622 Road Traffic Act 1974
Hired
vehicles.
with the notice shall discharge the liability of any
person for the excess charge offence ;
but, except as provided by this subsection, nothing in this
section shall affect the liability of any person for the excess
charge offence.
3.- (1) This section shall apply where-
(a ) a notice under section 1(6) or section 2( 6 ) above has
been served on a vehicle- hire firm ; and
( b) at the relevant time the vehicle in respect of which
the notice was served was let to another person by the
vehicle- hire firm under a hiring agreement to which
this section applies .
(2 ) Where this section applies, it shall be a sufficient com-
pliance with the notice served on the vehicle -hire firm if the
firm furnishes to the chief officer of police or local authority by
or on behalf of whom the notice was served a statement in the
prescribed form, signed by or on behalf of the vehicle -hire firm,
stating that at the relevant time the vehicle concerned was
hired under a hiring agreement to which this section applies,
together with-
( a ) a copy of that hiring agreement, and
( b) a copy of a statement of liability in the prescribed form,
signed by the hirer under that hiring agreement,
and accordingly, in relation to the vehicle -hire firm on whom
the notice was served, the reference in subsection (7) of section
1 or, as the case may be, section 2 above to a statutory statement
of ownership shall be construed as a reference to a statement
under this subsection together with the documents specified in
paragraphs (a) and (b) above.
66
( 3 ) In this section a statement of liability means a state-
ment made by the hirer under a hiring agreement to which this
section applies to the effect that the hirer acknowledges that
he will be liable, as the owner of the vehicle, -
( a) in respect of any such offence as is specified in section
1 ( 1 ) (b) above which may be committed with respect
to the vehicle during the currency of the hiring agree-
ment ; and
( b) in respect of any excess charge which may be incurred
as mentioned in section 2(1) (a) above with respect to
the vehicle during the currency of the hiring agreement.
( 4 ) If, in a case where this section applies, the vehicle-hire
firm has complied with the notice served on the firm by furnish-
ing the statement and copies of the documents specified in sub-
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1623
section (2) above, then section 1 or, as the case may be, section
2 above shall have effect as if-
( a) any reference therein to the owner of the vehicle were
a reference to the hirer under the hiring agreement ;
and
( b) any reference therein to a statutory statement of owner-
ship were a reference to a statutory statement of hiring.
(5 ) Where, in compliance with a notice under section 1 (6)
or section 2( 6) above, a vehicle- hire firm has furnished copies of
a hiring agreement and statement of liability as mentioned in
subsection (2) above, a person authorised in that behalf by the
chief officer of police or local authority to whom the documents
are furnished may, at any reasonable time within 6 months
after service of that notice and on production of his authority,
require the production by the firm of the originals of those
documents ; and if , without reasonable excuse, a vehicle- hire
firm fails to produce the original of a document when required
to do so under this subsection, it shall be treated as not having
complied with the notice under section 1(6) or, as the case may
be, section 2(6) above.
(6) This section applies to a hiring agreement under the terms
of which the vehicle concerned is let to the hirer for a fixed
period of less than 6 months (whether or not that period is
capable of extension by agreement between the parties or other-
wise) ; and any reference in this section to the currency of the
hiring agreement includes a reference to any period during
which, with the consent of the vehicle -hire firm, the hirer con-
tinues in possession of the vehicle as hirer, after the expiry of
the fixed period specified in the agreement, but otherwise on
terms and conditions specified therein .
( 7) In this section-
" hiring agreement " refers only to an agreement which
contains such particulars as may be prescribed and
does not include a hire -purchase agreement within the
meaning of the Hire-Purchase Act 1965 or the Hire 1965 с. 66.
Purchase (Scotland) Act 1965 ; and
1965 с. 67 .
" vehicle -hire firm " means any person engaged in hiring
vehicles in the course of a business.
4 .-( 1) Proceedings for an offence in England and Wales under Time for
section 1 (8) or section 2(8) above may be brought within a period bringing, and
of 6 months from the date on which evidence sufficient in evidence in, proceedings
the opinion of the prosecutor to warrant the proceedings came for certain
to his knowledge, but no such proceedings shall be brought offences.
by virtue of this section more than 3 years after the com-
mission of the offence.
c.50
1624 Road Traffic Act 1974
( 2 ) Proceedings in Scotland for an offence to which sub-
section ( 1) above applies shall not be commenced after the expіга-
tion of a period of 3 years from the commission of the offence,
but subject to the foregoing limitation, and notwithstanding any-
1954 с. 38.
thing in section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act
1954, any such proceedings may be commenced at any time with-
in 6 months after the date on which evidence sufficient in the
opinion of the Lord Advocate to justify the proceedings comes
to his knowledge or, where such evidence was reported to him
by a local authority, within 6 months after the date on which
it came to their knowledge ; and subsection ( 2) of the said
section 23 shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as it
applies for the purposes of that section.
( 3) For the purposes of subsections ( 1 ) and (2) above, a
certificate signed by or on behalf of the prosecutor or, as the
case may be, the Lord Advocate or the local authority and
stating the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came to his
or their knowledge shall be conclusive evidence of that fact ;
and a certificate stating that matter and purporting to be
so signed shall be deemed to be so signed unless the contrary
is proved.
(4 ) Where any person is charged with any such offence as is
specified in section 1 ( 1)( b) above or with the offence of failing
duly to pay an excess charge and the prosecutor produces to the
court any of the statutory statements in Schedule 1 to this Act
or a copy of a statement of liability, within the meaning of
section 3 above, purporting-
( a) to have been furnished in compliance with or in response
to a notice under section 1 (6) or section 2(6) above,
and
( b) to have been signed by the accused,
the statement shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to
have been signed by the accused and shall be evidence ( and in
Scotland sufficient evidence ) in the proceedings of any facts
stated in it tending to show that the accused was the owner, the
hirer or the driver of the vehicle concerned at a particular time.
( 5) In section 80 of the 1967 Act, subsection ( 10) (which
restricts the making of references, in proceedings for offences
to which subsection ( 1 ) of that section applies, to the giving or
affixing of fixed penalty notices) shall cease to have effect.
Provisions
5.- ( 1) In sections 1 to 4 above and Schedule 1 to this Act, -
supplementary to sections 1
" appropriate period ", in relation to a notice under section
to4and
1(6 ) or section 2(6) above, means the period of 14 days
Schedule 1.
from the date on which the notice is served, or such
longer period as may be specified in the notice or
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1625
as may be allowed by the chief officer of police or
authority by or on behalf of whom the notice was
served ;
" driver ", -
( a ) in relation to the alleged offence referred to
in section 1 ( 1) above, means the person by whom,
assuming the alleged offence to have been com-
mitted, it was committed ; and
( b) in relation to an excess charge, as defined below,
and in relation to an offence of failing duly to pay
such a charge, means the person driving the vehicle
at the time it was left in the parking place
concerned ;
" excess charge " has the same meaning as in section 36
of the 1967 Act ;
" fixed penalty " means a fixed penalty under section 80 of
the 1967 Act and " fixed penalty notice " means a
notice under that section offering a person the oppor-
tunity of the discharge of any liability to conviction
of an offence by payment of such a fixed penalty ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by
the Secretary of State contained in a statutory instru-
ment subject to annulment by a resolution of either
House of Parliament ;
" relevant time ", -
( a ) in relation to the alleged offence referred to
in section 1 (1) above, means the time at which the
offence is alleged to have been committed ; and
( b) in relation to an excess charge, as defined
above, means the time when the vehicle was left
in the parking place concerned, notwithstanding that
the period in respect of which the excess charge was
incurred did not begin at that time.
( 2) Any reference in sections 1 to 4 above to a statutory state-
ment of any description shall be construed in accordance with
Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 3) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act referred to
in subsection (1) above, the owner of a vehicle shall be taken
to be the person by whom the vehicle is kept ; and for the
purpose ofdetermining, in the course of any proceedings brought
by virtue of those provisions, who was the owner of a vehicle
at any time, it shall be presumed that the owner was the
person in whose name the vehicle was at that time registered
under the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 . 1971 с. 10.
c. 50
1626 Road Traffic Act 1974
1889 с. 63 .
Traffic
surveys .
( 4) Notwithstanding the presumption in subsection (3) above,
it shall be open to the defence in any proceedings to prove that
the person in whose name a vehicle was so registered at a
particular time was not the person by whom the vehicle was
kept at that time and to the prosecution to prove that the vehicle
was kept by some other person at that time.
( 5) A notice under section 1(6) or section 2( 6) above may be
served on any person-
( a) by delivering it to him or by leaving it at his proper
address, or
( b) by sending it to him by post,
and where the person on whom such a notice is to be served is
a body corporate it shall be duly served if it is served on the
secretary or clerk of that body.
( 6 ) For the purposes of subsection (5) above and of section
26 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (service of documents by post)
in its application to that subsection, the proper address of any
person on whom such a notice is to be served shall, in the
case of the secretary or clerk of a body corporate, be that of
the registered or principal office of that body, and in any other
case shall be the last known address of the person to be served.
Amendments of Road Traffic Act 1972
6. After section 22 of the 1972 Act (drivers to comply with
traffic directions) there shall be inserted the following section : -
"Traffic
22A. ( 1 ) If a traffic survey of any description is
directions
for purposes
carried out on or in the vicinity of a road, then-
oftraffic
(a) for the purposes of section 22 of this Act, a
surveys.
traffic direction given by a constable to a
person driving or propelling a vehicle, being
a direction given for the purposes of the
survey, shall be treated as a direction given
by him in the execution of his duty and
at a time when he is engaged in the
regulation of traffic ; and
( b) section 22 of this Act shall apply to a traffic
sign by which a traffic direction is given
for the purpose of the survey.
(2 ) In this section " traffic direction " means a
direction to stop a vehicle, to make it proceed in,
or keep to , a particular line of traffic or to proceed
to a particular point on or near the road on which
the vehicle is being driven or propelled, but does not
include a direction requiring any person to furnish
any information for the purposes of a traffic survey.
Road Traffic Act 1974 1627
c. 50
( 3) In relation to a traffic direction given by a
constable by virtue of this section and requiring
a vehicle to proceed to a particular point, paragraph
( a) of subsection ( 1) of section 22 of this Act shall
have effect as if , after the words ' line of traffic '
there were inserted the words ' or to proceed to a
particular point ' .
( 4 ) The power to give a traffic direction for the
purposes of a traffic survey shall be so exercised as
not to cause any unreasonable delay to a person who
indicates that he is unwilling to furnish any informa-
tion for the purposes of the survey. "
7.-( 1 ) After section 36A of the 1972 Act (prohibition of Prohibition
parking of heavy commercial vehicles on verges and footways) of parking
there shall be inserted the following section : -
ofvehicles
on verges,
" Prohibi-
36B.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, central
tion of
parking of
a person who parks a vehicle, other than a heavy reservations
vehicles on
commercial vehicle, within the meaning of section
and footways.verges, central
36A of this Act, wholly or partly-
reser-
( a ) on the verge of an urban road, or
vations
and foot-
( b) on any land which is situated between two
ways.
carriageways of an urban road and which
is not a footway, or
( c) on a footway comprised in an urban road,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence
under this section with respect to a vehicle if he
proves to the satisfaction of the court-
(a) that it was parked in accordance with per-
mission given by a constable in uniform ;
or
( b) that it was parked in contravention of this
section for the purpose of saving life or
extinguishing fire or meeting any other like
emergency ; or
( c ) that it was parked in contravention of this
section but the conditions specified in sub-
section (3) below were satisfied.
( 3) The conditions mentioned in subsection (2) (c)
above are : -
( a ) that the vehicle was parked on a verge
or footway for the purpose of loading or
unloading ; and
c. 50
1628 Road Traffic Act 1974
( b) that the loading or unloading of the vehicle
could not have been satisfactorily per-
formed if it had not been parked on the
footway or verge ; and
( c ) that the vehicle was not left unattended at
any time while it was so parked.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by regulations
provide that , in relation to vehicles of such classes
as may be specified in the regulations, subsection ( 1 )
above shall not apply or shall apply subject to such
conditions as may be so specified .
( 5 ) The authority having power, otherwise than by
virtue of section 84A (reserve powers) of the Road
Traffic Regulation Act 1967, to make an order under
section 1 or section 6 of that Act in relation to a
road may by order specifying that road provide that
the provisions of subsection ( 1) above shall not apply
in relation to it or to any part of it specified in the
order, either at all times or during periods so
specified .
( 6 ) In England and Wales a local authority,
within the meaning of section 36A of this Act, may
institute proceedings for an offence under this section
committed with respect to a road in their area.
( 7) In the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967—
( a) section 82 (powers exercisable with respect
to boundary roads) shall apply for the
purpose of subsection (5) above as it applies
for the purposes of sections 1( 1) and 6( 1)
ofthatAct;
( b) section 84( 1) (general duty of local auth-
orities with respect to road traffic) shall
apply as if subsections ( 1) and (5) above
were contained in that Act ; and
(c) sections 84A (reserve powers), 84C (pro-
cedure as respects certain orders), 84D
( provisions as to variations or revocation,
and as to making by Secretary of State, of
certain orders) and 84E (limitation of right
to challenge certain orders) shall apply in
relation to orders under subsection (5 )
above as they apply in relation to orders
under any provision of section 1 or section
6 of that Act.
(8) In this section " footway" has the same mean-
ing as in the Highways Act 1959 or, as respects
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1629
Scotland, the Roads (Scotland ) Act 1970, and “ urban
road" means a road which-
( a) is a restricted road for the purposes of section
71 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
( 30 m.p.h. speed limit) ; or
( b) is subject to an order under section 74 of
that Act imposing a speed limit not exceed-
ing 40 m.p.h.; or
(c) is subject to a speed limit not exceeding
40 m.p.h. which is imposed by or under
any local Act. "
( 2) In Part I of Schedule 4 to the 1972 Act (prosecution and
punishment of offences) after the entry relating to section 36A
there shall be inserted the following entry : -
" 36B. Prohibition of parking of Summarily. £100.
vehicles on verges, central
reservations and footways.
Sections 181
and 183
apply. "
8.- (1) For subsection (2) of section 38 of the 1972 Act Duty of local
( powers of local authorities as to giving road safety information authorities to
and training ) there shall be substituted the following sub - promote road
sections :- safety.
" ( 2 ) Each local authority shall prepare and carry out
a programme of measures designed to promote road safety
and shall have power to make contributions towards the
cost of measures for promoting road safety taken by other
authorities or bodies.
( 2A ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2)
above, in pursuance of their duty under that subsection
each local authority-
( a ) shall carry out studies into accidents arising out of
the use of vehicles on roads or parts of roads,
other than trunk roads, within their area ;
( b) shall, in the light of those studies, take such
measures as appear to the authority to be appro-
priate to prevent such accidents, including the
dissemination of information and advice relating
to the use of roads, the giving of practical train-
ing to road users or any class or description of
road users, the construction, improvement, main-
tenance or repair of roads for which they are the
highway authority and other measures taken in
the exercise of their powers for controlling, pro-
tecting or assisting the movement of traffic on
roads ; and
c .50
1630 Road Traffic Act 1974
Extension of
construction
and use
regulations
to lights.
( c ) in constructing new roads, shall take such measures
as appear to the authority to be appropriate to
reduce the possibilities of such accidents when the
roads come into use ".
( 2 ) In consequence of the amendment effected by sub-
section ( 1) above-
( a ) in section 38( 4 ) of the 1972 Act for the words
66
arrangements made " there shall be substituted the
words " measures taken " ;
( b) in section 39 of that Act for the word " arrangements ",
in each place where it occurs, there shall be sub-
stituted the word " measures " and for the word
made" there shall be substituted the word"
" taken " ; and
(c) in Schedule 2 to that Act for the word " arrangements ",
in each place where it occurs, there shall be substituted
66
the word measures ” and for the word " made ", in
the first place where it occurs in paragraph 1 ( 1) of
that Schedule, there shall be substituted the word
" taken ".
9.-( 1 ) Regulations under section 40 of the 1972 Act (con-
struction and use of motor vehicles and trailers) may make
provision in relation to lighting equipment and reflectors as well
as other equipment of motor vehicles and trailers and,
accordingly, after paragraph ( g) of subsection ( 1) of that section
there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
" (gg) lighting equipment and reflectors " .
( 2 ) After subsection ( 2) of section 40 of the 1972 Act there
shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" (2A) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection
( 1) above, regulations under this section with respect to
lighting equipment and reflectors-
( a ) may require that lamps be kept lit at such times
and in such circumstances as may be specified
in the regulations ; and
( b) may extend, in like manner as to motor vehicles
and trailers, to vehicles of any description used
on roads, whether or not they are mechanically
propelled".
( 3) In section 81( 2) of the 1972 Act (a person selling etc. a
reflector or tail lamp which does not comply with certain
prescribed conditions shall be guilty of an offence) for the
words " conditions prescribed under sections 68 to 79 of this
Act for " there shall be substituted the words " construction
and use requirements applicable to " .
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1631
( 4) Notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of any provision of
sections 68 to 82 of the 1972 Act relating to the lighting of
vehicles-
( a) any instrument made (or having effect as if made) under
any of those sections shall have effect on and after the
coming into operation of this section as if made, by
virtue of the preceding provisions of this section, under
section 40 of the 1972 Act and may be varied or
revoked accordingly ; and
( b) subject to subsection (5) below, any provision contained
in an enactment or instrument which is not repealed by
this Act and in which any expression is given the same
meaning as in, or is otherwise to be construed by
reference to, any provision of the said sections 68 to 82
which is repealed by this Act shall continue to be
construed as if that provision had not been so repealed.
(5) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by
statutory instrument make such amendments as he considers
appropriate to take account of the preceding provisions of this
section in any enactment or instrument which refers (whether
directly or by virtue of the Interpretation Act 1889 or otherwise) 1889 с. 63.
to any provision of sections 68 to 82 of the 1972 Act which is
repealed by this Act.
( 6 ) A statutory instrument containing regulations under sub-
section (5) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
10.-( 1 ) Sections 47 and 48 of the 1972 Act ( scheme of type Extension of
approval for goods vehicles) shall be amended as follows :- type approval
scheme to all
( a) subject to paragraphs ( c ) to (e) below and subsection ( 2) vehicles and
below, the word " goods " shall be omitted from the to vehicle
expression " goods vehicle " (or " goods vehicles "), in parts.
each place where it occurs ;
(b) for the words " manufacturer's certificate ", in each
place where they occur, there shall be substituted the
words " certificate of conformity " and accordingly
in section 47(10 )(a ) for the words " manufacturer's
certificates " there shall be substituted the words
" certificates of conformity " ;
(c ) in section 47( 5) , for the words " in such cases " there
shall be substituted the words " in the case of goods
vehicles of such classes ” ;
(d ) in subsections (6) and (7) of section 47 ( which relate to
plated weights) for the word " vehicle ", in each place
where it occurs, there shall be substituted the words
" goods vehicle " ; and
c. 50
1632 Road Traffic Act 1974
(e) in section 47( 8), after the words " approval requirements
and " and " design weights and " there shall in each
case be inserted the words " in the case of a goods
vehicle " and after the words " such a certificate "
there shall be inserted the words " in respect of a goods
vehicle ".
(2) Subsection ( 11) of section 47 of the 1972 Act (after issue
of first Minister's approval certificate for an imported vehicle,
subsequent certificates for similar vehicles may be issued without
examination) shall be amended as follows-
66
( a ) for the words an imported goods vehicle " there shall
be substituted the words " a vehicle " ;
( b) after the words " application of " there shall be inserted
the words " the manufacturer of the vehicle or, in the
case of an imported vehicle " ;
( c ) for the words " any other goods vehicle imported by the
importer " there shall be substituted the words " any
other vehicle manufactured by that manufacturer or, as
the case may be, imported by that importer " ;
(d ) after the words " such a certificate " there shall be
inserted the words " in respect of a goods vehicle " .
( 3) After section 49 of the 1972 Act there shall be inserted
the following section : -
"Applica-
49A.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, sec-
tion of type approval scheme to
tions 47 to 49 of this Act shall apply in relation to
parts of vehicles as they apply in relation to vehicles ;
vehicle
parts.
and accordingly-
( a) any reference in those sections to a
vehicle, other than a reference to a goods
vehicle, shall be construed as including a
reference to a vehicle part, and
( b) in the application of section 47( 1) in relation
to vehicle parts for the reference to a
vehicle of a class being used on a road
there shall be substituted a reference to a
vehicle part of a class being fitted to a
vehicle used on a road.
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1)
above, in the application of sections 47 to 49 of this
Act in relation to vehicle parts, there shall be
excluded any provision which relates solely to goods
vehicles or design weights and accordingly, but
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1633
without prejudice to the generality of that
exclusion, -
( a) in section 47, subsections (2) , (3)(a), (6), (7)
and (10) , and
( b) in section 48, subsection (5),
shall not apply in relation to vehicle parts. "
( 4 ) In section 50(1) of the 1972 Act ( regulations for purposes
of sections 47 to 49) for the word " 49 " there shall be sub-
stituted the word " 49A " and for paragraph (e) there shall be
substituted the following paragraphs-
" (e) may require the payment of fees or other charges
in connection with the provision by the Secretary of
State of services or facilities or the issue by him of
certificates and other documents ;
(ee) may provide for the authorisation of persons to carry
out examinations, in connection with the issue of type
approval certificates, of vehicles or vehicle parts of
such classes as may be specified in the regulations, for
the imposition of conditions to be complied with by
persons so authorised and for the withdrawal of
authorisations."
( 5 ) In section 61 of the 1972 Act (testing condition of used
vehicles at sale rooms, etc. ) after subsection ( 1) there shall be
inserted the following subsection : -
" ( 1A) An authorised examiner may at any reasonable
hour enter premises where vehicles or vehicle parts of a
class prescribed for the purposes of section 51 of this Act
are sold, supplied, offered for sale or supply, exposed for
sale or otherwise kept for sale or supply, in the course of a
business and test and inspect any such vehicle or vehicle
part for the purpose of ascertaining whether the vehicle or
vehicle part complies with the type approval requirements
applicable to a vehicle or vehicle part of that class, and
for the purpose of testing a motor vehicle and any trailer
drawn by it may drive it and for the purpose of testing
atrailer maydraw it with a motor vehicle ".
(6 ) In section 162( 1) (iii) of the 1972 Act ( production of certain
certificates relating to a goods vehicle) after the words " plating
66
certificate " there shall be inserted the word or " and the
words " or one or more certificates in force under section 47
of this Act " and " or 51( 1) " shall be omitted.
( 7) In consequence of the amendments effected by the pre-
ceding provisions of this section, the amendments of Part III
Part II Y
c. 50
1634 Road Traffic Act 1974
of the 1960 Act specified in Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act
and the further amendments of the provisions of the 1972 Act
specified in Part II of that Schedule shall have effect .
Extension of
11. (1) Section 60 of the 1972 Act ( vehicles not to be sold,
prohibition ondealing in
supplied, or offered for sale or supply, in such condition that
unroadworthy vehicles.
their use would be unlawful by virtue of provisions of construc-
tion and use regulations with respect to certain matters) shall
be amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (4) below.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) of that section, after the words " to offer
to sell or supply " there shall be inserted the words "
or to
expose for sale " and after the words " equipment of vehicles "
66
there shall be inserted the words " or as respects the maintenance
of vehicles, their parts and accessories in such a condition that
no danger is or is likely to be caused ".
( 3) In subsection (3) of that section, after the word " offered ",
in both places where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words
"
exposed for sale " and for the word " offers " there shall be
substituted the words " or offers it, exposes it for sale " .
( 4) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section: -
( a) after the word " offer ", in the first place where it
occurs, there shall be inserted the words " exposure for
sale " ;
( b) in paragraph (a ), after the word " offered " there shall
be inserted the words " exposed for sale " ; and
( c) in paragraph ( c ), for the words " or offer " there shall
be substituted the words " offer or exposure for sale ".
( 5) In consequence of the amendments of section 60 of the
1972 Act contained in subsections (2) to ( 4) above, in section
61(1) of that Act (testing condition of used vehicles at sale
rooms, etc.) for the words " or offered or " there shall be
substituted the words " offered for sale or supply, exposed for
sale or otherwise " .
Fitting and
sale of
defective or
unsuitable
vehicle parts . 12. (1 ) After section 60 of the 1972 Act there shall be
inserted the following section-
"Fitting
60A. ( 1 ) If any person-
and sale of
defective or
(a) fits a vehicle part to a vehicle, or
unsuitable
vehicle
( b) causes or permits a vehicle part to be fitted
parts.
to a vehicle,
in such circumstances that, by reason of that part
being fitted to the vehicle, the use of the vehicle on a
road would constitute a contravention of or failure to
c. 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1635
comply with any of the construction and use require-
ments, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence
under subsection ( 1) above if he proves-
(a) that the vehicle to which the part was fitted
was to be exported from Great Britain ; or
(b) that he had reasonable cause to believe that
that vehicle would not be used on a road
in Great Britain or would not be so used
until it had been put into a condition in
which its use would not constitute a con-
travention of or failure to comply with any
of the construction and use requirements .
( 3) If any person who-
(a) sells or supplies or offers to sell or supply a
vehicle part, or
( b) causes or permits a vehicle part to be sold,
supplied or offered for sale or supply,
has reasonable cause to believe that the part is to
be fitted to a motor vehicle or to a vehicle of a par-
ticular class, or to a particular vehicle, he shall be
guilty of an offence if that part could not be fitted
to a motor vehicle or, as the case may require, to a
vehicle of that class or of a class to which the par-
ticular vehicle belongs, except in such circumstances
as are mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 4 ) A person shall not be convicted of an offence
under subsection (3) above in respect of the sale,
supply or offer of a vehicle part if he proves-
( a) that the part was sold, supplied or offered,
as the case may be, for export from Great
Britain ; or
( b) that he had reasonable cause to believe that
it would not be fitted to a vehicle used on
a road in Great Britain or would not be
so fitted until it had been put into such a
condition that it could be fitted otherwise
than in such circumstances as are men-
tioned in subsection (1 ) above.
(5) An authorised examiner may at any reasonable
hour enter premises where, in the course of a busi-
ness vehicle parts are fitted to vehicles or are sold,
supplied or offered for sale and test and inspect any
Y2
c . 50
1636 Road Traffic Act 1974
Amendments
relating to
licensingof
drivers of
vehicles.
vehicle or vehicle part found on those premises for
the purpose of ascertaining whether-
( a) a vehicle part has been fitted to the vehicle
in such circumstances as are mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) above, or
( b) the vehicle part could not be sold or sup-
plied for fitting to a vehicle used on roads
in great Britain without the commission
of an offence under subsection (3) above,
and for the purpose of testing a motor vehicle and
any trailer drawn by it the authorised examiner may
drive it and for the purpose of testing a trailer may
draw it with a motor vehicle.
( 6 ) Any person who obstructs an authorised
examiner acting under subsection (5) above shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 7 ) In subsections (5 ) and ( 6 ) above ' authorised
examiner ' means a person who may act as an
authorised examiner for the purposes of section 53
of this Act ; and any such person, other than a con-
stable in uniform, shall produce his authority to act
for the purpose of subsection (5 ) above if required
to do so.
( 8) Nothing in this section shall affect the validity
of a contract or of any rights arising under a
contract. "
( 2) In Part I of Schedule 4 to the 1972 Act (prosecution and
punishment of offences) after the entry relating to section 60(3)
there shall be inserted the following entries : -
66 60A(1) Fitting of defective or unsuitable Summarily. £200.
vehicle parts.
60A( 3) Selling defective or unsuitable vehicle Summarily. £200.
parts.
60A(6 ) Obstructing examiner testing vehicles Summarily. £100.
to ascertain whether defective or
unsuitable part has been fitted, etc.
13.-( 1 ) Part III of the 1972 Act (licensing of drivers of
vehicles) shall have effect subject to the amendments in
Schedule 3 to this Act, being amendments-
( a) providing for the grant of a driving licence expiring,
except in certain cases, on the seventieth birthday of the
holder,
( b) modifying the requirements, and requiring the disclosure
of further information, relating to the physical fitness
ofdrivers,
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1637
( c ) restricting the cases where a licence to drive motor
vehicles of one class operates as a provisional licence
to drive motor vehicles of other classes,
( d ) extending by one year the period which must elapse
before the holder of a licence which has been endorsed
with any particulars is entitled to have issued to him a
new licence free from those particulars,
( e ) conferring powers on appellate courts to suspend orders
of disqualification imposed by lower courts,
( f ) enabling a court, after it has convicted any person of
an offence for which his licence is required to be
endorsed but before it sentences him, to obtain par-
ticulars of any conviction which has previously been
ordered to be endorsed on his licence, and
( g ) treating the passing of a test of competence to drive
under the law in force in Northern Ireland, the Isle of
Man or any of the Channel Islands as equivalent, in the
case of drivers with disabilities, to passing a test under
section 85 of that Act,
and amendments consequential on the matters referred to in
paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
(2 ) After subsection (5 ) of section 170 of the 1972 Act (false
statements and withholding material information ) there shall be
inserted the following subsection : -
" ( 5A) A person shall be guilty of an offence who fails
without reasonable excuse to notify the Secretary of State
as required by section 87A(1) of this Act, but no proceed-
ings for an offence under this subsection shall be instituted
in England and Wales except by the Secretary of State or
by a constable acting with the approval of the Secretary of
State. "
( 3) In section 182 of the 1972 Act (admissibility of records
as evidence) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" (2A) In any case where-
( a) any such statement as is referred to in subsection ( 1 )
above is produced to a magistrates' court in any
proceedings for an offence involving obligatory or
discretionary disqualification, within the meaning
of Part III of this Act, and
( b) the statement specifies an alleged previous convic-
tion of an accused person of any such offence, and
( c) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath
or in such manner as may be prescribed by rules
Y3
c . 50
1638 Road Traffic Act 1974
Weighing of
motor
vehicles.
under section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act
1949, that not less than 7 days before the state-
ment is so produced a notice was served on the
accused, in such form and manner as may be so
prescribed, specifying the previous conviction and
stating that it is proposed to bring it to the notice
of the court in the event of, or, as the case may
be, in view of his conviction, and
( d ) the accused is not present in person before the
court when the statement is so produced,
the court may take account of the previous conviction as if
the accused had appeared and admitted it. "
( 4) In Part I of Schedule 4 to the 1972 Act (prosecution and
punishment of offences) after the entry relating to section 170(5)
there shall be inserted the following entry: -
" 170(5A) Failure to notify Secre-
Summarily. £100. Section 180
tary of State of onset of,
applies. "
or deterioration in, rele-
vant or prospective dis-
ability.
14.-( 1 ) Section 160 of the 1972 Act ( weighing of motor
vehicles) shall be amended in accordance with the provisions
of this section.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) (person in charge of a motor vehicle who
refuses or neglects to comply with a requirement under that
subsection to be guilty of an offence) after the word " require-
ment " there shall be inserted the words 66
or obstructs a person
or constable so authorised in the exercise of his functions under
this section " .
( 3) At the end of subsection (1) there shall be inserted the
following subsections : -
66 (1A ) Regulations under subsection ( 1) above may make
provision with respect to-
( a ) the manner in which a vehicle or trailer is to be
weighed or a weight is to be tested as mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above, and
( b ) the limits within which, unless the contrary is proved,
any weight determined by a weighbridge or other
machine for weighing vehicles is to be presumed
to be accurate for the purposes of any provision
made by or under this Act or by or under any
other enactment relating to motor vehicles or
trailers,
and the regulations may make different provision in relation
to vehicles of different classes, in relation to different types
of weighbridges and other machines and in relation to
different circumstances.
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1639
( 1B) If, for the purpose of enabling a vehicle or a
trailer drawn by it to be weighed or a weight to be tested
in accordance with regulations under subsection ( 1 ) above,
a person or constable authorised as mentioned in that
subsection requires the person in charge of the vehicle to
drive the vehicle or to do any other thing in relation to
the vehicle or its load or the trailer or its load which is
reasonably required to be done for that purpose and the
person in charge of the vehicle refuses or neglects to comply
with that requirement he shall be guilty of an offence
under subsection ( 1) above. "
( 4 ) In subsection ( 4) (extension, in relation to goods vehicles ,
of powers under section 160 to certifying officers, goods vehicle
examiners and authorised officers of the Secretary of State) for
the words " goods vehicles " there shall be substituted the words
" vehicles of a class prescribed for the purposes of section 51 of
this Act and goods vehicles generally " and after the words
66 apply accordingly " there shall be inserted the words " in
relation to vehicles of a class so prescribed and goods vehicles
generally as if references to a constable so authorised included
references to such a certifying officer, examiner or officer of the
Secretary of State and ".
(5) After subsection ( 4) there shall be added the following
subsections : -
66 ( 5) A certificate in the prescribed form which-
( a ) purports to be signed by a person or constable
authorised as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
or by a person exercising powers by virtue of
subsection (4) above ; and
(b) states , in relation to a vehicle identified in the
certificate, any weight determined in relation to
that vehicle on the occasion of its being brought
to a weighbridge or other machine in pursuance
of a requirement under subsection ( 1) above,
shall be evidence or, in Scotland, sufficient evidence of
the matter so stated.
(6 ) If, for the purposes of or in connection with the
determination of any weight in relation to a vehicle which
is brought to a weighbridge or other machine as mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above, a person or constable authorised
as mentioned in that subsection or a person exercising
powers by virtue of subsection ( 4) above-
( a ) drives a vehicle or does any other thing in relation
to a vehicle or its load or a trailer or its load, or
(b) requires the driver of a vehicle to drive it in a
particular manner or to a particular place or to
Y4
c . 50
1640 Road Traffic Act 1974
do any other thing in relation to a vehicle or its
load or a trailer or its load,
neither he nor any person complying with such a require-
ment shall be liable for any damage to or loss in respect of
the vehicle or its load or the trailer or its load unless it is
shown that he acted without reasonable care.
( 7 ) In this section ' road ' includes any land which
forms part of a harbour or which is adjacent to a harbour
and is occupied wholly or partly for the purposes of harbour
operations ; and ' harbour ' and ' harbour operations '
have the meanings assigned to them by section 57( 1) of the
Harbours Act 1964. "
Reduction of
15.-(1) In subsection ( 3) of section 4 of the 1972 Act
minimum age
(regulations may modify minimum ages for driving in certain
for driving
defined cases) in paragraph ( a) (power to increase age for driving
heavy goods vehicles.
certain articulated vehicles) after the word " that ", in the first
place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " except
in the case of a person who fulfils the conditions specified for
the purpose of paragraph (d ) below " and at the end of paragraph
( c) there shall be added the following paragraph : -
" (d ) that, in the case of a person who fulfils such conditions
as may be specified in the regulations with respect to
his training and employment (including membership of
a training scheme approved by the Secretary of State),
the age under which he may not drive a vehicle falling
within paragraph 4 of the Table set out in subsection
( 1) above, other than a road roller, shall, if the vehicle
is of a class specified in the regulations, be 18 instead
of 21."
( 2) In section 114 of the 1972 Act (grant of heavy goods vehicle
drivers ' licences) in subsection (3) (issue of provisional licence
subject to prescribed conditions) after the words " ( 2) above "
there shall be inserted the words " or a full licence granted to an
applicant who is under the age of 21 on the date of the applica-
tion " and at the end of that subsection there shall be inserted
the following subsection : -
" ( 4) It shall be an offence for a person to employ another
person who is under the age of 21 to drive a heavy goods
vehicle of any class in contravention of any prescribed
conditions subject to which that other person's licence is
issued. "
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1641
( 3) In section 115 of the 1972 Act ( duration of heavy goods
vehicle drivers' licence) after subsection ( 1) there shall be inserted
the following subsection : -
" ( 1A) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, if there
come into existence, in relation to the holder of a heavy
goods vehicle driver's licence who is under the age of 21,
such circumstances as may be prescribed relating to his
conduct as a driver of a motor vehicle, the licensing autho-
rity of the area in which the licence was granted shall
revoke the licence."
( 4 ) Section 116 of the 1972 Act ( disqualification on revocation
of heavy goods vehicle driver's licence) shall have effect subject
to the following modifications : -
( a) at the end of subsection ( 1) there shall be inserted the
following subsection-
66 ( 1A ) Where in pursuance of section 115 ( 1A)
of this Act the licensing authority is required to
revoke the heavy goods vehicle driver's licence of
a person under the age of 21, the authority shall
order that person to be disqualified for holding or
obtaining such a licence until he attains the age of
21 ", and
( b ) at the end of subsection (3) there shall be inserted the
following subsection-
66 ( 4) If, while the holder of a heavy goods vehicle
driver's licence is disqualified under subsection ( 1A)
above, the circumstances prescribed for the purposes
of section 115(1A ) of this Act cease to exist in his
case, then, on an application made to the authority
in that behalf, the licensing authority of the traffic
area where he resides shall remove the disqualifica-
tion, but so long as the disqualification continues in
force a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence shall not
be granted to him and any such licence obtained by
him shall be of no effect ".
(5) In Part I of Schedule 4 to the 1972 Act (prosecution and
punishment of offences) after the entry relating to section 114(3)
there shall be inserted the following entry : -
" 114( 4) Employing a person under Summarily. £100.
21 to drive heavy goods
- Section 181
applies."vehicle in contravention of
conditions of heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence.
c . 50
1642 Road Traffic Act 1974
Amendments
relating to
operators'
licences .
1968 с. 73.
16. The provisions of Part V of the Transport Act 1968
( regulation of carriage of goods by road ) relating to operators'
licences shall be amended in accordance with Schedule 4 to this
Act.
Experimental
17.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may conduct experiments as to
introduction
the effectiveness, safety and acceptability to the public of the con-
ofroad
humps for controlling
struction in or on the surface of highways of artificial humps or
depressions (in this section referred to as " road humps ")
vehicle
designed to control the speed of vehicles, and for this purpose he
speeds.
may, subject to the following provisions of this section, con-
struct, maintain and remove road humps in any highway main-
1959 с. 25.
tainable at the public expense, within the meaning of the High-
ways Act 1959.
( 2) Except with the consent of the highway authority, the Sec-
retary of State shall not construct a road hump in a highway for
which he is not the highway authority, and where a road hump
has been constructed in such a highway in accordance with this
section-
( a ) neither the highway authority nor any other authority
having power to maintain that highway shall remove
or otherwise interfere with the road hump without the
consent of the Secretary of State ; and
( b) any obligation imposed on any other person having
power to break open that highway to make good any
damage to it or otherwise to reinstate it shall include
an obligation to make good any damage to, or other-
wise reinstate, the road hump.
( 3) In any case where the Secretary of State proposes to con-
struct a road hump in a highway under this section, he shall-
( a) publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in
the area in which the highway concerned is situated, and
( b) place at appropriate points on that highway,
a notice of his proposal, stating the nature, dimensions and pro-
posed location of the road hump, the address to which objec-
tions to his proposals may be sent and the period, which shall
be not less than 21 days beginning with the date on which the
notice is first published in accordance with paragraph (a) above,
within which any such objections may be so sent .
( 4) The Secretary of State shall consider any objections sent to
him in accordance with a notice under subsection ( 3) above and,
if he thinks fit, may cause a local inquiry to be held ; and section
279 of the Highways Act 1959 (provisions as to inquiries) shall
have effect in relation to an inquiry caused to be held under this
subsection as it has effect in relation to an inquiry caused to be
held under that section.
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1643
(5) A road hump constructed in a highway in accordance with
this section shall be removed not later than the expiry of the
period of one year beginning with the day on which its con-
struction began.
( 6) The power of the Secretary of State under subsection (1)
above to construct, maintain and remove road humps in a high-
way includes power-
(a) to exercise the powers of a highway authority in relation
to the placing, maintenance and removal of any traffic
sign, within the meaning of the 1967 Act, relating to a
road hump in a highway for which he is not the high-
way authority, and
(b) to carry out any works ancillary to or consequential on
the construction, maintenance or removal of a road
hump or the exercise of any power conferred on him
by paragraph (a) above,
and the Secretary of State and a local highway authority may
enter into an agreement for the carrying out by the local high-
way authority of any works (including works of maintenance)
which the Secretary of State is empowered to carry out in
relation to a road hump which he is authorised to construct or
has constructed in accordance with this section (whether in a
highway for which he is the highway authority or otherwise) .
( 7 ) In relation to a road hump in a highway for which the
Secretary of State is not the highway authority-
(a ) the highway authority for that highway, and
( b) any other authority having power to maintain that
highway,
may pay to the Secretary of State a contribution equal to the
whole or any part of the expenditure incurred by him in con-
nection with the construction, maintenance or removal of the
hump or in the exercise of any other power relating to it.
( 8) Any road hump constructed in a highway in the exercise
of the Secretary of State's powers under this section shall be so
constructed and maintained that-
(a ) it does not raise the surface of the highway by more
than 5 inches above, or lower that surface by more
than 2 inches below, the surface of the highway on
either side of the hump ; and
( b) it is of such a shape that no damage is likely to be
caused to the tyres of a vehicle passing over the hump.
(9) If and so long as a road hump is constructed and main-
tained in a highway in accordance with this section and the
c.50
1644 Road Traffic Act 1974
presence of the hump is indicated by a traffic sign of a type
prescribed or character authorised under section 54 of the 1967
Act-
( a) the road hump shall be treated as not constituting an
obstruction to the highway ; and
( b) the highway authority shall not be treated as being in
breach of their duty to maintain the highway by reason
only of the presence of the road hump.
Use of
18.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in the Explosives Act
pyrotechnic flares by
1875 or in any other enactment, a constable who is for the time
being engaged in the regulation of traffic in a road or any person
police for
traffic
acting under his authority may, on or in the vicinity of the road,
purposes.
light and use a flare for the purpose of regulating the traffic.
1875 с. 17.
( 2 ) In this section " flare "means a firework or other device
designed to produce a light by a process of combustion.
Power of
19. In section 52 of the 1967 Act, as set out in Schedule 1 to
police or local the Removal and Disposal of Vehicles (Alteration of Enact-
authority to ments) Order 1967 ( charges for removing, storing and disposing
retain custody of vehicles) after subsection ( 2 ) there shall be inserted the
of removed vehicles until
following subsection : -
charges are
" ( 2A ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, where,
paid.
by virtue of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection
S.I. 1967/
1900.
(1) above, any sum is recoverable in respect of a vehicle
by the chief officer of a police force or a local authority in
whose custody the vehicle is, the chief officer or authority
shall be entitled to retain custody of it until that sum has
beenpaid ."
Authorised
20.-( 1 ) At the end of section 145(2) of the 1972 Act (defini-
insurers
tion of " authorised insurer " for Part VI of that Act ) there shall
required to be be added the words " and being a member of the Motor Insurers'
members of
Motor
Bureau, a company limited by guaranee and incorporated under
Insurers '
the Companies Act 1929 on 14th June 1946 ".
Bureau.
1929 с. 23.
( 2 ) In section 86 of the Road Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland)
1970 (definition of " authorised insurer " for Part V of that Act)
1970 c. 2 (N.I.) .
after the words " insurance business " there shall be inserted the
words " and being a member of the Motor Insurers' Bureau a
company limited by guarantee and incorporated under the
Companies Act 1929 on 14th June 1946 ".
( 3) If any person or body of persons ceases to be a member
of the Motor Insurers' Bureau referred to in subsections ( 1)
and (2) above, that person or body shall not thereby cease to
be treated as an authorised insurer for the purposes of Part VI
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1645
of the 1972 Act or, as the case may be, Part V of the Road 1970 с. 2
Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970- ( Ν.Ι.).
( a) in relation to any policy issued by the insurer before
ceasing to be such a member ; or
( b) in relation to any obligation ( whether arising before or
after the insurer ceased to be such a member ) which
the insurer may be called upon to meet under or in
consequence of any such policy or under section 154
of the 1972 Act or section 84 of the said Act of 1970
( payments for hospital treatment ) by virtue of making
apayment in pursuance of such an obligation.
21.-( 1 ) In the case of a summary conviction of an offence Variation of
against- penalties for
certain
( a) any provision of the 1960 Act specified in column 1 of offences.
Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act ( of which the general
nature is indicated in column 2 thereof ) , or
( b) any provision of the 1967 Act specified in column 1 of
Part II of that Schedule ( of which the general nature
is indicated in column 2 thereof ),
the maximum punishment shall be varied from that now in force
and specified in relation to that offence in column 3 of the
said Part I or Part II, as the case may require, to the new
punishment specified in relation to that offence in column 4
thereof; and for that purpose the amendments of those Acts
specified in column 5 of the said Parts I and II shall have effect.
( 2 ) For the purpose of varying the maximum punishment on
summary conviction of an offence against any of the provisions
of the 1972 Act specified in column 1 of Part III of Schedule 5
to this Act (of which the general nature is indicated in column 2
thereof ) for the entry in column 4 of Part I of Schedule 4 to that
Act in relation to each of those provisions (which entries are set
out in column 3 of Part III of Schedule 5 to this Act ) there
shall be substituted the corresponding entry in column 4 of the
said Part III ; and in section 178 of that Act (summary penalty
for breach of regulations ) for the words " £20 " there shall be
substituted the words " £50 ".
( 3) The amendments in Part IV of Schedule 5 to this Act
shall have effect for the purpose of varying the penalties in
the case of certain offences which are triable summarily or on
indictment.
( 4) In consequence of the amendment in Part III of Schedule 5
to this Act relating to an offence under section 40(5 ) of the 1972
Act ( contravention of construction and use regulations) in Part I
1646 Road Traffic Act 1974
c .50
Jurisdiction
of courts of
summary
jurisdiction in
Scotland for
certain
offences.
Interpretation.
1960 с. 16.
1967 с. 76.
1972 с. 20.
Short title,
amendments,
repeals,
commence-
mentand
extent.
of Schedule 4 to that Act, in column 5 ( disqualification) of the
entry relating to section 40( 5) of that Act-
( a) in paragraph (a), after the words " paragraph (a) " there
shall be inserted the words " or paragraph (c) " ; and
(b) at the end there shall be added the words " Discretionary
if committed by carrying on a motor vehicle or trailer
a load which, by reason of its insecurity or position, is
likely to cause danger, but subject to the exception
above".
( 5 ) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section or in
Schedule 5 to this Act shall apply in relation to offences
committed on or before the day appointed for the coming into
operation of this section .
22. The following enactments relating to the jursidiction of
courts of summary jurisdiction in Scotland in relation to certain
offences shall be amended as follows : -
(a) in section 92 of the 1967 Act for the words " £50 " there
shall be substituted the words " £100 " ; and
( b ) in section 184 of the 1972 Act for the words " £50 "
there shall be substituted the words " £100 ".
23. ( 1 ) In this Act-
" the 1960 Act " means the Road Traffic Act 1960 ;
" the 1967 Act " means the Road Traffic Regulation Act
1967 ; and
" the 1972 Act " means the Road Traffic Act 1972.
( 2 ) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, refer-
ences in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as
referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
24.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic Act 1974.
(2 ) Schedule 6 to this Act, which contains minor amendments
and amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act,
shall have effect.
(3) The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule
( 4) Except in its application to Northern Ireland, this Act
shall come into operation on such day as the Secretary of State
may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, and
different days may be so appointed for different provisions and
for different purposes ; and an order bringing into operation any
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1647
provision of Schedule 7 to this Act may contain such savings
from the effect of the repeal concerned as the Secretary of State
considers to be appropriate.
( 5 ) This Act, except section 20, does not extend to Northern
Ireland, and in its application to Northern Ireland section 20
shall come into operation on such day as the Secretary of State
may by order made by statutory instrument appoint , and
different days may be so appointed for different purposes.
1648 Road Traffic Act 1974
c. 50
Sections 1 and 2.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
STATUTORY STATEMENTS
PART I
STATUTORY STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP OR HIRING
1. For the purposes of sections 1 to 4 of this Act, a statutory
statement of ownership is a statement in the prescribed form, signed
by the person furnishing it and stating-
( a ) whether he was the owner of the vehicle at the relevant time ;
and
( b ) if he was not the owner of the vehicle at the relevant time,
whether he ceased to be the owner before, or became the
owner after, the relevant time and, if the information is in
his possession, the name and address of the person to whom,
and the date on which, he disposed of the vehicle or, as the
case may be, the name and address of the person from
whom, and the date on which, he acquired it.
2.- (1 ) For the purposes of sections 1 to 4 of this Act, a statutory
statement of hiring is a statement in the prescribed form, signed
by the person furnishing it , being the person by whom a statement
of liability was signed, and stating-
( a ) whether at the relevant time the vehicle was let to him
under the hiring agreement to which the statement of
liability refers ; and
( b ) if it was not, the date on which he returned the vehicle to
the possession of the vehicle-hire firm concerned.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above " statement of liability ", " hiring
agreement " and " vehicle-hire firm " have the same meanings as in
section 3 of this Act.
PART II
STATUTORY STATEMENT OF FACTS
3. For the purposes of sections 1 to 4 of this Act, a statutory
statement of facts is a statement which is in the prescribed form and
which either-
( a ) states that the person furnishing it was the driver of the
vehicle at the relevant time and is signed by him ; or
( b ) states that that person was not the driver of the vehicle at
the relevant time, states the name and address at the time
the statement is furnished of the person who was the driver
of the vehicle at the relevant time and is signed both by
the person furnishing it and by the person stated to be
the driver of the vehicle at the relevant time.
Road Traffic Act 1974 c .50 1649
SCHEDULE 2
TYPE APPROVAL OF VEHICLES AND VEHICLE PARTS
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF PART III OF ROAD TRAFFIC ACT 1960
1.- (1) In section 129, in subsection (1) after the words " certifying
officer " there shall be inserted the words " that a certificate under
section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 has been issued in respect
of the vehicle or " and for the words " such a certificate " there shall
be substituted the words " a certificate of fitness ".
( 2 ) In the proviso to subsection ( 3) of that section after the words
" comply with " there shall be inserted the words " the relevant type
approval requirements, as defined in section 47 of the Road Traffic
Act 1972 or, as the case may be, with " and after the word " until "
there shall be inserted the words " they are satisfied that the vehicle
again conforms with those type approval requirements or, as the
case may be, until ".
( 3 ) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section for the words from " unless "
to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words
"continue in force until revoked or until it ceases to be in force by
virtue of any other provision of this Part of this Act ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section after the words " comply
with " there shall be inserted the words " the relevant type approval
requirements, as defined in section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1972,
or , as the case may be, with ".
( 5 ) After subsection (5 ) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 6) If a certificate of fitness is revoked by a certifying officer
under subsection (5 ) of this section on the ground that the
vehicle in respect of which the certificate was in force does
not comply with the relevant type approval requirements, as
defined in section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1972, then , not-
withstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, a new
certificate of fitness shall not be issued in respect of that vehicle
by a certifying officer unless he is satisfied that the vehicle does
comply with those requirements " .
2. Section 130 shall cease to have effect.
3. In section 131(1), paragraph ( b ) shall be omitted.
4. In section 133( 4) for the word " if " there shall be substituted
the words " remove the suspension if-
( a ) a certificate under section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1972
has been issued in respect of the vehicle and he is satisfied
that the vehicle conforms with the relevant type approval
requirements, as defined in that section, or
( b ) no such certificate has been issued but ",
and the words 66
remove the suspension ", in the last place where
they occur, shall be omitted.
Section10.
1960 с. 16.
c.50
1650 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 2
1972 с. 20.
5. After section 133 there shall be inserted the following
section :
"Certificate
of freedom
from
defects.
133A. If, at the request of the holder of a public
service vehicle licence, the vehicle to which the licence
relates is inspected by a certifying officer or public ser-
vice vehicle examiner and, on that inspection, it appears
to him that the condition of the vehicle is such that
there is no cause for him to exercise any of his powers
under section 133 of this Act he shall furnish to the
holder of the licence a certificate to that effect. "
PART II
AMENDMENTS OF ROAD TRAFFIC Aст 1972
6. In section 40( 4) for the words " manufacturer's certificate "
there shall be substituted the words " certificate of conformity " .
7. In the provisions of Part II subsequent to section 49A, for
the words " manufacturer's certificate " and " manufacturers' certifi-
cates ", in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted
respectively the words " certificate of conformity " and " certificates
of conformity ".
8.- (1) In subsection (1) of section 50, in paragraph (a) after the
words " goods vehicle examiner " there shall be inserted the words
66
or a public service vehicle examiner " and in paragraph ( h) after the
word " vehicles " there shall be inserted the words " or vehicle parts ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 3) of that section the word " goods " shall be
omitted.
( 3) In subsection ( 4) of that section the word " goods " shall be
omitted from the expression " goods vehicles ", in each place where
it occurs, and in paragraph (a ) for the word " 49 " there shall be
substituted the word " 49А ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 6 ) of that section, after the words " Act and " ,
in the first place where they occur, there shall be inserted the words
" ، public service vehicle examiner ' means a person appointed as
such an examiner under section 128( 2) of the Road Traffic Act 1960
and, except in the case of vehicles of such class as may be pre-
scribed " and the word " goods ", in the second and third places
where it occurs, shall be omitted.
9.- (1) In section 51 , in subsection ( 1) the word " goods ", in both
places where it occurs, shall be omitted, after the word " vehicles " ,
in each place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or
vehicle parts " , after the words " of that class " there shall be in-
serted the words "
or a vehicle to which is fitted a vehicle part of
that class " and after the word " vehicle ", in the last place where it
occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or vehicle part ".
( 2) In subsection ( 3) of that section the word " goods " shall be
omitted.
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1651
( 3) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section, in paragraph (a) the word
"
goods " shall be omitted and in paragraph ( c), after the word
" vehicle ", in both places where it occurs, there shall be inserted
the words " or vehicle part".
10. In section 52(2) for the word " or ", in the first place where it
occurs, there shall be substituted the words " of this Act applies
or for a vehicle of any class to which section ".
11 .- (1 ) In section 62, in subsection ( 1) for the words " a goods
66
vehicle " there shall be substituted the words or exposes for sale
a vehicle or vehicle part " and after the word " vehicle ", in the
second place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or
vehicle part".
( 2 ) In subsection (2) of that section for the words "
or offer "
there shall be substituted the words " offer or exposure for sale ",
after the word " vehicle " there shall be inserted the words " or
vehicle part " , in paragraph (a ) for the words " or offered " there
shall be substituted the words " offered or exposed for sale ", in
paragraph (b) after the words " Great Britain " there shall be inserted
the words "
or, in the case of a vehicle part, that it would not be
fitted to a vehicle used on a road in Great Britain " and after the
"
"
words so used " there shall be inserted the words or fitted " , and
in paragraph (c) the words " 46( 5) or " shall be omitted and at the
end there shall be added the words 66
or, in the case of a goods
vehicle, under section 46( 5) of this Act ' .
12. In section 64, in each of subsections ( 2) and ( 4), the word
" goods " shall be omitted.
13. At the end of section 82 there shall be added the following
definition : -
" " vehicle part ' means any article which is a motor vehicle part,
within the meaning of section 63 of this Act, and any other
article which is made or adapted for use as part of, or as part
of the equipment of , a vehicle which is intended or adapted
to be used on roads but which is not a motor vehicle
within the meaning of that section".
14. In section 169, in subsections ( 2) (b) and ( 3), for the words
" manufacturer's certificate " there shall be substituted the words
" certificate of conformity " .
15. In section 170( 2 ) for the words " 49 or 51 " there shall be
substituted the words " 49, 49A or 51 ".
16. In section 171 for the words " manufacturer's certificate "
there shall be substituted the words " certificate of conformity " .
17. In section 173, in subsection (2) (b) for the words " manufac-
turers' certificates " there shall be substituted the words " certi-
ficates of conformity " and in subsection (3) for the words 66
manu-
facturer's certificate " there shall be substituted the words " certi-
ficate of conformity ".
18. In section 188( 4) the word " goods ", in both places where it
occurs, shall be omitted and in paragraph ( a) after the words " certi-
fying officers " there shall be inserted the words " or public service
vehicle examiners ".
SCH 2
c .50
1652 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section13.
1972 с. 20.
SCHEDULE 3
AMENDMENTS OF PART III OF ROAD TRAFFIC Aст 1972
1. In section 84( 4) (cases where a person who is entitled to obtain,
and has applied for, a driving licence may lawfully drive or be
employed to drive a motor vehicle ) for the words " for which it fell
to be granted " there shall be substituted the words " of one year
or such shorter period as may be prescribed, beginning on the date
ofthe application or, as the case may be, the revocation or surrender
mentioned in paragraph ( b) above".
2.- (1) In section 87, in subsection (1) (applicants for licences to
state whether they are suffering or have suffered from relevant
disabilities) after the word " suffered " there shall be inserted " (a) "
and at the end of the subsection there shall be added the words " or
( b ) from any other disability which at the time of the application
is not of such a kind that it is a relevant disability but
which, by virtue of the intermittent or progressive nature
of the disability or otherwise, may become a relevant dis-
ability in course of time ( such disability being hereafter
in this section referred to as a ' prospective disability ' ) . "
( 2) In subsection (3) of that section ( cases where the Secretary of
State may not refuse a licence to a person suffering from a relevant
disability ) in paragraph ( a ) after the words " relevant disability
"
there shall be inserted the words " which is prescribed for the pur-
poses of this paragraph " and in paragraph (c ) for the words " other
than a disability " there shall be substituted the words " which is ".
( 3) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section ( power of Secretary of State,
in the case of certain disabilities, to bar a person from obtaining a
licence or to limit the types of vehicle which he may drive ) in para-
graph (i) for the words " for for the purposes of subsection ( 3)(c ) " there
shall be substituted the words " under subsection (1) " and after
"
the words person aforesaid " there shall be inserted the words
" and if the disability is prescribed for the purposes of subsection
( 3)( c ) above it shall be deemed not to be so prescribed in relation
to him ".
( 4 ) In subsection (5 ) of that section ( power of Secretary of
State by notice to revoke a licence by reason of a relevant disability,
the revocation to take effect at the expiration of a period of not less
than seven nor more than thirty days beginning with the date of
service of the notice) for the words from " at the expiration " to
"
begin with " there shall be substituted the words " with effect from
such date as may be specified in the notice, not being earlier than ".
( 5 ) After subsection ( 5) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
"(5A ) If the Secretary of State is at any time satisfied on
inquiry that the licence holder is suffering from a prospective
disability, the Secretary of State may-
( a) serve notice in writing on the licence holder revoking
the licence with effect from such date as may be
specified in the notice, not being earlier than the date of
service of the notice ; and
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1653
( b ) on receipt of the licence so revoked and of an applica-
tion made for the purposes of this subsection, grant
to the licence holder, free of charge, a new licence for
a period determined by the Secretary of State under
section 89(1)( aa ) of this Act ;
and it shall be the duty of a person whose licence is revoked
under this subsection to deliver up the licence to the Secretary
of State forthwith after the revocation."
( 6 ) At the end of subsection (6 ) of that section there shall be
added the following subsection : -
" ( 7 ) Without prejudice to subsection ( 6 ) above, for the
purposes of subsection (3) (a) above-
( a ) an applicant shall be treated as having passed a relevant
test if , and on the day on which, he has passed a test
of competence to drive which, under a provision of
a relevant external law corresponding to subsection (2 )
or subsection ( 4 ) of section 85 of this Act, either is
prescribed in relation to vehicles of the classes to
which the application relates or is sufficient under that
law for the granting of a licence authorising the driving
of vehicles of those classes, and
( b ) in the case of an applicant who is treated as having
passed a relevant test by virtue of paragraph (a ) above,
disclosure of a disability to the authority having power
under the relevant external law to grant a licence to
drive a motor vehicle shall be treated as disclosure to
the Secretary of State,
and in this subsection ' relevant external law' has the meaning
assigned to it in section 85(1) of this Act. "
3. After section 87 there shall be inserted the following section : -
"Provision 87A .- ( 1) If at any time during the period for which
of
his licence remains in force, a licence holder becomes
information,
etc. relating aware-
to disabilities . ( a ) that he is suffering from a relevant or prospective
disability which he has not previously disclosed
to the Secretary of State, or
( b ) that a relevant or prospective disability from
which he has at any time suffered (and which
has been previously so disclosed ) has become
more acute since the licence was granted ,
then, unless the disability is one from which the licence
holder has not previously suffered and he has reasonable
grounds for believing that the duration of the disability
will not extend beyond the period of three months
beginning with the date on which he first becomes aware
SCH. 3
c . 50
1654 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 3 that he suffers from it, the licence holder shall forthwith
notify the Secretary of State in writing of the nature and
extent of his disability.
( 2 ) If the Secretary of State has reasonable grounds for
believing that a person who is an applicant for, or the
holder of , a licence may be suffering from a relevant or
prospective disability then, for the purpose of enabling
the Secretary of State to satisfy himself whether or not
that is the case, the Secretary of State may by notice in
writing served on that person-
(a ) require him to furnish to the Secretary of State,
within such reasonable time as may be specified
in the notice, such an authorisation as is referred
to in subsection ( 3) below ; or
( b) require him, as soon as practicable, to arrange
to submit himself for examination by such
registered medical practitioner or practitioners
as may be nominated by the Secretary of State,
or, with respect to a disability of a prescribed de-
scription, by such officer of the Secretary of State
as may be so nominated, for the purpose of
determining whether or not he suffers or has
at any time suffered from a relevant or prospec-
tive disability ; or
( c ) except where the application is for, or the licence
held is, a provisional licence, require him to sub-
mit himself for such a test of competence as is
mentioned in section 85 of this Act, being a
test authorising the grant of a licence in respect
of vehicles of all or any of the classes to which
the application relates or, as the case may be,
which he is authorised to drive (otherwise than
by virtue of section 88( 4) of this Act ) by the
licence which he holds .
( 3) the authorisation referred to in paragraph (a) of
subsection (2) above-
( a ) shall be in such form and contain such par-
ticulars as may be specified in the notice by
which it is required to be furnished; and
( b ) shall authorise any registered medical prac-
titioner who may at any time have given medical
advice or attention to the applicant or licence
holder concerned to release to the Secretary
of State any information which he may have, or
which may be available to him, with respect to
the question whether, and if so to what extent,
the applicant or licence holder concerned may
be suffering , or may at any time have suffered ,
from a relevant or prospective disability.
Road Traffic Act 1974 1655
c .50
( 4 ) If he considers it appropriate to do so in the case
of any applicant or licence holder, the Secretary of
State-
( a ) may include in a single notice under subsection
( 2 ) above requirements under more than one
paragraph of that subsection ; and
(b) may at any time after the service of a notice
under that subsection serve a further notice or
notices thereunder.
( 5 ) If any person on whom a notice is served under
subsection (2) above-
( a ) fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a
requirement contained in the notice, or
( b ) fails any test of competence which he is required
to take as mentioned in paragraph ( c ) of that
subsection,
the Secretary of State may exercise his powers under
section 87 of this Act as if he were satisfied that the
applicant or licence holder concerned is suffering from
a relevant disability which is not prescribed for the pur-
poses of any paragraph of subsection ( 3) of that section
or, if the Secretary of State so determines, as if he were
satisfied that the applicant or licence holder concerned
is suffering from a prospective disability.
(6 ) The Secretary of State shall defray any fees or
other reasonable expenses of a registered medical pracс-
titioner in connection with-
(a ) the provision of information in pursuance of
an authorisation required to be furnished to the
Secretary of State under paragraph (a ) of sub-
section ( 2) above, or
(b ) any examination which a person is required to
undergo as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that
subsection.
( 7 ) In this section ' disability ', ' relevant disability '
and ' prospective disability ' have the same meanings as
in section 87 of this Act. "
4 .- (1) In section 88, in subsection (1) (grant of licences) for the
words " payment of the prescribed fee " there shall be substituted
the words " payment of such fee, if any, as may be prescribed ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2) of that section ( provisional licences) after
paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
" (bb) may, in the case of a person appearing to the Secretary of
State to be suffering from a relevant disability or a prospec-
tive disability, within the meaning of section 87 of this Act,
SCH. 3
c . 50
1656 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH . 3 be restricted so as to authorise only the driving of vehicles
of a particular construction or design specified in the licence ;
and".
( 3) At the beginning of subsection ( 4 ) of that section (licences
to drive motor vehicles of certain classes to operate as provisional
licences to drive those of other classes ) there shall be inserted the
words " Subject to subsection ( 4A ) below " and at the end of the
subsection there shall be added the following subsection-
" ( 4A ) In such cases as the Secretary of State may prescribe,
the provisions of subsection ( 4 ) above shall not apply or shall
apply subject to such limitations as he may prescribe. '
( 4 ) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section (subsection ( 4 ) not to apply
to certain licences ) the words 66
or any other licence of a description
prescribed for the purposes of this subsection" shall be omitted.
5.- (1) In section 89, in subsection (1) ( duration of driving
licences) for paragraph ( a ) ( full licences to run for three years except
where the Secretary of State specifies a shorter period in the case
of an applicant suffering from a relevant disability) there shall,
subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, be substituted the following
paragraphs : -
" (a) except in a case falling within paragraph (aa), (b) or (c )
of this subsection, for the period ending on the seventieth
anniversary of the applicant's date of birth or for a period
of three years, whichever is the longer ;
( aa ) except in a case falling within paragraph (b) or ( c) of this
subsection, if the Secretary of State so determines in the
case of a licence to be granted to a person appearing to
him to be suffering from a relevant or prospective dis-
ability within the meaning of section 87 of this Act, for
such period of not more than three years and not less than
one year as the Secretary of State may determine " ;
and in paragraph ( c) ( provisional licences to run for one year) for
the words " a period of one year " there shall be substituted the
words " such period as may be prescribed or, if the Secretary of
State so determines in the case of a licence to be granted to such
a person as is referred to in paragraph ( aa) above, for such shorter
period of not less than one year as the Secretary of State may
determine ".
( 2) In subsection (2 ) of that section ( power of Secretary of State
to revoke licence granted in error, etc.) after the words " Secretary
of State " , in the first place where they occur, there shall be in-
serted " (a) " and after the words "
so endorsed on it " there shall
be inserted the words " or
(b ) that the particulars specified in a licence granted by him
to any person do not comply with any requirement imposed
since the licence was granted by any provision made by
or having effect under any enactment " .
( 3) In subsection ( 4 ) of that section ( grant of licence free of
charge in certain cases where previous licence is surrendered ) for
Road Traffic Act 1974 1657
c . 50
the words from " for the period " to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words " for such a period that it expires
on the date on which the surrendered licence would have expired
had it not been surrendered, except that, where the period for
which the surrendered licence was granted was based on an error
with respect to the licence holder's date of birth such that, if that
error had not been made, that licence would have been expressed
to expire on a different date, the period of the new licence shall
be such that it expires on that different date ".
6. In section 90 (1) ( appeals relating to licences ) for paragraph
( b ) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs : -
" ( b) determination under section 89(1)( aa ) of this Act to
grant a licence for three years or less, or
(bb) determination under section 89(1) (c) of this Act to grant
a provisional licence for a period shorter than that
prescribed thereunder, or ".
7.- (1) In section 92 ( notification by a court of disease or dis-
ability of the accused ) at the beginning there shall be inserted
" (1) " and for the words from " disease " to " public " there shall be
substituted the words " relevant disability or prospective disability
within the meaning of section 87 of this Act ".
( 2) At the end of that section there shall be added the following
subsections-
" ( 2 ) If an authorised insurer refuses to issue to any person
such a policy of insurance as complies with the requirements
of Part VI of this Act on the ground that the state of health of
that person is not satisfactory, or on grounds which include
that ground, the insurer shall as soon as practicable notify the
Secretary of State of that refusal and of the full name, address,
sex and date of birth of that person as disclosed by him to the
insurer.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above ' authorised insurer ' has the
same meaning as in section 145(2) of this Act."
8. After section 94 there shall be inserted the following sections-
"Powers of 94A.- (1 ) This section applies where a person has
appellate courts to
been convicted by a court in England or Wales of an
suspend offence involving obligatory or discretionary disqualifica-
disqualifi- tion and has been ordered to be disqualified ; and in
cation. the following provisions of this section-
( a ) any reference to a person ordered to be dis-
qualified shall be construed as a reference to
a person so convicted and so ordered to he
disqualified ; and
(b ) any reference to his sentence includes a reference
to the order of disqualification and to any
other order made on his conviction and, accord-
ingly, any reference to an appeal against his
sentence includes a reference to an appeal
against any order forming part of his sentence.
SCH. 3
c . 50
1658 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 3 ( 2 ) Where a person ordered to be disqualified-
( a ) appeals to the Crown Court, or
( b) appeals or applies for leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal,
against his conviction or his sentence, the Crown Court
or, as the case may require, the Court of Appeal may,
if it thinks fit, suspend the disqualification.
( 3) Where a person ordered to be disqualified has
appealed or applied for leave to appeal to the House
of Lords-
( a ) under section 1 of the Administration of Justice
Act 1960 from any decision of a Divisional
Court of the Queen's Bench Division which
is material to his conviction or sentence, or
(b ) under section 33 of the Criminal Appeal Act
1968 from any decision of the Court of Appeal
which is material to his conviction or sentence,
the Divisional Court or, as the case may require, the
Court of Appeal may, if it thinks fit, suspend the
disqualification.
( 4 ) Where a person ordered to be disqualified makes
an application in respect of the decision of the court
in question under section 87 of the Magistrates' Courts
Act 1952 (statement of case by magistrates' court ) or
section 10(3) of the Courts Act 1971 (statement of case
by Crown Court ) the High Court may, if it thinks fit ,
suspend the disqualification.
( 5) Where a person ordered to be disqualified-
( a ) applies to the High Court for an order of
certiorari to remove into the High Court any
proceedings of a magistrates' court or of the
Crown Court, being proceedings in or in con-
sequence of which he was convicted or his
sentence was passed, or
( b) applies to the High Court for leave to make
such an application,
the High Court may, if it thinks fit, suspend the
disqualification.
( 6 ) Any power of a court under the preceding pro-
visions of this section to suspend the disqualification of
any person is a power to do so on such terms as the
court thinks fit.
( 7 ) In any case where, by virtue of this section, a court
suspends the disqualification of any person, it shall send
notice of the suspension to the Secretary of State ; and
for the purposes of this section any such notice shall be
sent in such manner and to such address and shall
contain such particulars as the Secretary of State may
determine.
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1659
Powerof 94B.- ( 1 ) Where a person has been convicted of an
HighCourt offence by a court in Scotland and the circumstances
of Justiciary mentioned in subsection (1) of the foregoing section
to suspend disqualifi- cation . apply to that offence, any references to any person
ordered to be disqualified and any reference to his
sentence shall in this section be construed in like manner
as in that section.
( 2) Where a person ordered to be disqualified appeals
to the High Court of Justiciary whether on appeal against
a summary conviction or a conviction on indictment
or his sentence, the Court, or any single judge thereof
may if it or he thinks fit, suspend the disqualification
on such terms as the Court or judge thinks fit.
( 3) Where, by virtue of this section, the High Court
suspends the disqualification of any person, it shall
send notice of the suspension to the Secretary of State ;
and for the purposes of this section any such notice
shall be sent in such manner and to such address and
shall contain such particulars as the Secretary of State
may determine. "
9. In section 98, in subsection (1) (licence to be suspended
so long as disqualification continues) for the words from " sus-
pended " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted
the words " treated as being revoked with effect from the beginning
of the period of disqualification ; and for this purpose, if the holder
of the licence appeals against the order and the disqualification
is suspended under section 94 of this Act, the period of disqualifica-
tion shall be treated as beginning on the day on which the dis-
qualification ceases to be suspended. ".
10.- (1) In section 101, in subsection ( 4) (licence holder who is
prosecuted for an offence involving obligatory endorsement to pro-
duce the licence to the court for endorsement ) for the words from
" and the court " to " for endorsement " there shall be substituted the
words " the court shall, before making any order under subsection
(1) above, require the licence to be produced to it " and after that
subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection-
" (4A) Where a person is convicted of an offence involving
obligatory endorsement and his licence is produced to the court,
then in determining what order to make in pursuance of the
conviction the court may take into consideration particulars
of any previous conviction or disqualification endorsed on the
licence. "
( 2) In subsection ( 7) of that section (entitlement of person whose
licence has been endorsed with any particulars to have a new licence
issued free from the particulars) after the words " shall be entitled "
there shall be inserted the word " either " and after the words " that
66
subsection " there shall be inserted the words or, subject to the
payment of the prescribed fee and the surrender of any subsisting
licence, on an application at any time ".
SCH. 3
c . 50
1660 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 3 ( 3) In the said subsection ( 7), as it applies in relation to an applica-
tion for the issue of a new licence made on or after the day
appointed under section 22 of this Act for the coming into opera-
tion of this sub-paragraph, for the words " three " and " ten " there
shall be substituted the words " four " and " eleven".
( 4 ) At the end of the said section 101 there shall be added the
following subsection-
" ( 8) Nothing in the provisions of sections 15( 5 ) and 31( 1) of
the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954 ( complaint
and previous complaint and previous convictions) shall affect
the power of the court under subsection ( 4A) of this section
to take into consideration a previous conviction or disquali-
fication endorsed on the licence of the accused."
11. (1) In section 104 (information to be given as to date of
birth and sex where a person is convicted of certain offences and his
licence is endorsed or he is disqualified whilst committed for sen-
tence) in subsection (1) the words " orders his driving licence to be
endorsed or orders him to be disqualified under section 103(1 ) of
this Act and" shall be omitted.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2) of that section the words " orders his driving
licence to be endorsed or orders him to be disqualified under the said
section 103(1 ) and" shall be omitted.
( 3) In subsection ( 3) of that section the words " in consequence
of an order for disqualification made under the said section 103(1 ) "
shall be omitted.
( 4 ) In subsection ( 6 ) (a ) of that section the words " orders his
licence to be endorsed and " shall be omitted.
12. In section 105, in subsection (2) (on disqualification, licence
to be forwarded to Secretary of State, but where disqualification
expires or is removed before the expiry date of the licence, the
licence holder to be entitled, on demand, to a new licence for the
period for which the old licence was granted) the words from " but
where " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.
Section 16.
1968 с. 73.
SCHEDULE 4
AMENDMENTS OF TRANSPORT ACT 1968 RELATING TO OPERATORS'
LICENCES
1. In section 62 (applications for operators' licences) after sub-
section (4) there shall be inserted the following subsections : -
" ( 4A) A person who has applied for an operator's licence
shall forthwith notify the licensing authority if , in the interval
between the making of the application and the date on which it
is disposed of, a conviction occurs which, if the period of five
years specified in paragraph (e) of subsection ( 4 ) of this section
had not expired, would be a conviction falling within that para
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1661
graph ; and for the purposes of this subsection an application shall be taken to be disposed of, -
( a ) if the licensing authority is required, by virtue of regula-
tions under section 91 of this Act, to cause a statement
containing his decision on the application to be issued ,
on the date on which that statement is issued, and
( b) in any other case, on the date on which the applicant
receives notice from the licensing authority of his de-
cision on the application.
( 4B ) A person who knowingly fails to comply with subsec-
tion ( 4A) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £200, and section 180 of the Road Traffic
Act 1972 (time for bringing summary proceedings for certain
offences) shall apply in relation to an offence under this subsec-
tion as it applies in relation to the offences under that Act to
which it is applied by virtue of Schedule 4 to that Act. "
SCH. 4
2. In section 64(2) (requirements to be satisfied on an application
for an operator's licence ) -
( a ) at the end of paragraph ( a ) there shall be added the words
" and to any conviction required to be notified in accord-
ance with section 62( 4A ) thereof",
( b ) at the end of paragraph ( d ) there shall be added the words
"and that the place which is to be the operating centre
for those vehicles is suitable for that purpose ", and
( c ) in paragraph (e ), after the word " subsection " there shall be
inserted the words " and of a suitable operating centre ".
3.(1) In section 67 ( duration of operators' licences and grant of
interim licences) in subsection (2) (determination of expiry date of
operators' licences ) after the words " unless previously revoked"
there shall be inserted the words " or prematurely terminated under
section 69 of this Act."
( 2) In subsection (3)(a) of that section (power of licensing authori-
ties to direct that, in certain specified cases, the period relevant to
the duration of an operator's licence shall be less than five years)
for paragraphs (i) and (ii) there shall be substituted the words " if
it appears to the licensing authority to be appropriate in the case
ofany applicant ".
( 3) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section (interim licences) after the
words " 63 or " there shall be inserted the words " subsections (1)
to ( 3) of section " and after the words " application for an operator's
licence " there shall be inserted the words " but shall be so treated
forthe purposes of section 64(4) of this Act ".
4.- (1) In section 69 (revocation, suspension and curtailment of
operators' licences), in subsection (1) after the word " suspended "
there shall be inserted the words " terminated on a date earlier than
that on which it would otherwise expire under section 67 of this
c. 50
1662 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 4
"
Act " and in paragraph ( f ) of that subsection after the word sus-
66
pension there shall be inserted the words premature
termination ".
( 2 ) In subsection (4 ) of that section ( which specifies the convictions
which are grounds of revocation, etc.) in paragraph (a ) after the words
66 agent of his " there shall be inserted the words " of an offence under
section 46 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 (plating certificates and
goods vehicle test certificates ) or ", in paragraph ( g) after the word
" contravening " there shall be inserted " (i ) " and at the end of that
paragraph there shall be added the words66 or
(ii ) any provision included in a traffic regulation order, within
the meaning of section 1 of that Act, by virtue of sub-
section (3AA) of that section (lorry routes ) ".
( 3) In subsection (6 ) of that section ( where a person is disqualified
from holding an operator's licence, the licensing authority may
direct that in certain cases the licence of any company or person
with whom the disqualified person is or becomes associated shall be
liable to revocation, suspension or curtailment) after the word " sus-
pension " there shall be inserted the words " premature termination ".
( 4 ) At the end of subsection (7 ) of that section there shall be
inserted the following subsection-
" (7A) Where a licensing authority directs that an operator's
licence be suspended or curtailed, the authority may order
that-
( a ) in the case of a suspension, any motor vehicle specified
in the licence may not be used under any other oper-
ator's licence, notwithstanding any authorisation under
section 61 (1)( c ) of this Act, or
( b) in the case of a curtailment having the effect of remov-
ing any motor vehicle from the licence, the motor
vehicle may not be used as mentioned in paragraph (a)
above and shall not be capable of being effectively
specified in any other operator's licence,
and an order made under this subsection shall cease to have
effect on such date, not being more than 6 months after the
order is made, as may be specified therein or, if it is earlier,
on the date on which the licence which is directed to be sus-
pended or curtailed ceases to be in force."
( 5 ) In subsection ( 8) of that section (cancellation of orders) for
66
the words or (7 ) " there shall be substituted the words " ( 7 ) or
( 7A )".
( 6 ) In subsection ( 9 ) of that section ( if requested by the licence
holder, licensing authority to hold inquiry before giving direction
or making order ) at the end of paragraph (b) there shall be inserted
the words " or
(c ) make an order under subsection ( 7A) of this section in respect
of any vehicle. "
Road Traffic Act 1974 1663
с. 50
( 7 ) In subsection (10) of that section ( power of licensing authority
to direct that certain directions and orders shall not take effect until
expiry of time for appeal) for the words 66
or (7 ) " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " (7 ) or ( 7A) ”.
5. In section 70(1 )( b) (rights of appeal in connection with certain
directions and orders) after the word " whom " there shall be inserted
the words " or the holder of an operator's licence which specifies a
motor vehicle in respect of which " and for the word " ( 7 ) ” there
shall be substituted the word " (7A) " .
SCH. 4
Section 21 .
Section 127
Provision
creating
offence
...
Section 128 ( 3 )
...
Section 132 ( 3 )
...
SCHEDULE 5
VARIATION OF PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN OFFENCES
PART I
SUMMARY PENALTIES UNDER ROAD TRAFFIC ACT 1960
General nature of offence New
Existing maximum
punishment
maximum punishment
out a licence .
Use of public service vehicle with- £ 20 or , on a second or
£ 100
subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im- prisonment
Obstructing certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner
or failing to stop public service
vehicle when required .
£ 100
£ 20 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
prisonment
Failure to give notice to traffic commissioners of failure in , damage to or alteration of public
£ 100
£ 20 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
service vehicle .
prisonment
" £ " £ 100 " .
100 " .
" £ 100 " .
c .50
1960 с . 16 .
Amendment
In subsection ( 5 ) of section 127 for the words from " twenty pounds "
to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
1664 Road Traffic Act 1974
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 128 for the words from " twenty pounds "
to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 132 for
the words from " twenty pounds
"
to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words
Section 134 ( 3 )
Part II
Section 140 ( 2 )
Section 144
Section 146 ( 2 )
Section 146 ( 3 )
Section 147 ( 2 )
Z
...
...
...
...
...
...
Use of stage carriage or express | £ 20 or , on a second or
£ 100
carriage without road service licence or permit or failure to
subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
comply with conditions attached
prisonment
to licence .
person .
Refusal or failure to supply certain particulars , or supplying false particulars , by applicant for , or holder of , road service licence .
£ 20 and , in the case of a
£ 100
continuing offence , £ 5 for every day during
which the offence con-
tinues
Unlicensed person driving , or acting as conductor of , public service vehicle , or employment of such a
£ 100
£ 20 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im- prisonment
£ 5
Contravention of regulations as to conduct of persons licensed to act as drivers or conductors of public
service vehicles .
£ 20
Failure to produce driver's or con- ductor's licence for purpose of
endorsement .
£ 20 or , on a second or
£ 100
subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
prisonment
£ 20
Contravention of regulations as to conduct of passengers in public
service vehicles .
£ 100
" £ " £ " £ " £ In subsection ( 3 ) of section 134 for the words from " twenty pounds "
to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
100 " .
In subsection ( 2 ) of section 140 for the words from " twenty pounds to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
100 " .
In subsection ( 8 ) of section 144 for the words from " twenty pounds " to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
100 " .
In section 146 ( 2 ) for the words
" five pounds " there shall be
substituted the words " £ 20 " .
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 146 for the words from " twenty pounds "
to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words
100 " .
In subsection ( 2 ) of section 147 for the words from " to a fine " to the
end of the subsection there shall
be substituted the words " to a fine
not exceeding £ 100 " .
SCH. 5Road Traffic Act 1974 1665
c . 50
Section 148 ( 2 )
Section 157 ( 2 )
Provision
creating
offence
...
...
vehicles .
Section 235
...
General nature of offence New
Existing maximum
punishment
maximum punishment
£ 20
Contravention of regulations pro- viding for control of number of passengers in public service
£ 50
Failure by person carrying on the business of operating public
service vehicles to keep accounts
and records and to make financial
and statistical returns .
tinues
£ 20 and , in the case of a continuing offence , £ 5
£ 100
for every day during
which the offence con-
Making of false statements or with- holding material information .
£ 100 or 4 months im-
£ 200
prisonment or both
66
" £ 100 " .
Section 239
Contravention of regulations . £ 20 £ 50
...
66
Schedule 12
person .
Paragraph 14 ( 3 ) of Failure of driver to produce work ticket on demand by police con-
stable in uniform or authorised
£ 100
£ 20 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
prisonment
SCH. 5
Amendment
c . 50
In section 148 ( 2 ) for the words
twenty pounds " there shall be
substituted the words " £ 50 " .
In subsection ( 2 ) of section 157 for the words from " twenty pounds "
to the end of the subsection there
shall be substituted the words
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 235 for
the words from " to a fine " to the
end of the subsection there shall
be substituted the words " to a
fine not exceeding £ 200 " .
1666 Road Traffic Act 1974
In section 239 for the words from summary conviction " to the end
of the section there shall be substi-
tuted the words " summary con- viction to a fine not exceeding £ 50 " .
In sub - paragraph ( 3 ) of paragraph
14 of Schedule 12 for the words from " twenty pounds " to the end of the sub - paragraph there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
Z2
Schedule 12 Section 1 ( 8 )
Section 6 ( 9 )
Section 9 ( 9 )
Section 11 ( 4 )
...
...
...
...
Paragraph 14 ( 4 ) of Failure of holder of public service
vehicle licence to preserve record or produce it for inspection by
authorised person .
£ 20 or , on a second or
£ 100
subsequent conviction ,
£ 50 or 3 months im-
prisonment
In sub - paragraph ( 4 ) of paragraph
14 of Schedule 12 for the words
from " to such punishment " to the end of the sub - paragraph there
shall be substituted the words " to
a fine not exceeding £ 100 " .
PART II
SUMMARY PENALTIES UNDER ROAD TRAFFIC REGULATION ACT 1967
Contravention of traffic regulation £ 50 in certain cases : in
order outside London . others £ 20 £ 100
traffic order . Contravention of traffic regulation
order in Greater London .
others £ 20
£ 50 in certain cases : in
£ 100
Contravention of experimental £ 50 in certain cases : in
£ 100
others £ 20
Contravention of experimental
£ 50 in certain cases : in
£ 100 traffic scheme in Greater London .
others £ 20
1967 с . 76 .
In subsection ( 8 ) of section 1 for the
"
words from " in the case to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
In subsection ( 9 ) of section 6 for the
"
words from " in the case to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
In subsection ( 9 ) of section 9 for the
"
words from " in the case to the
end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
In subsection ( 4 ) of section 11 for the
"
words from " in the case to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
SCH. 5
Road Traffic Act 1974 1667
c .50
Provision
creating
offence
Section 13 ( 4 )
Section 14 ( 2 )
...
Section 16 ( 5 )
Section 17 ( 5 )
Section 19 ( 3 )
...
...
...
...
Section 23 ( 5 )
...
General nature of offence New
Existing maximum
punishment
maximum punishment
Contravention of provisions as to £ 50 in certain cases : in
£ 100
use of special roads .
others £ 20
on trunk roads . Contravention of one - way system £ 20 or , on a second or £ 100
subsequent conviction ,
£ 50
Contravention of prohibition or
£ 20 £ 100
restriction of use of vehicles on
roads of certain classes .
Contravention of weight limit on £ 20 or , on a second or £ 100
bridges . subsequent conviction ,
£ 50
Contravention of provisions relat- ing to driving over Menai Bridge . subsequent conviction ,
£ 20 or , on a second or £ 100
£ 50 or 3 months im- prisonment
Contravention of pedestrian cross-
£ 50
£ 100
ing regulations .
the words " £ 100 ” .
the words " £ 100 ” .
SCH . 5
Amendment
c .50
In section 13 ( 4 ) for paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) there shall be substituted
In subsection ( 2 ) of section 14 for the words from " £ 20 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 ” .
In section 16 ( 5 ) for the words " £ 20 " there shall be substituted
In subsection ( 5 ) of section 17 for the words from " £ 20 " to the end
of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
1668 Road Traffic Act 1974
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 19 for the words from " £ 20 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
In section 23 ( 5 ) for the words " £ 50 " there shall be substituted the
words " £ 100 " .
Section 25 ( 2 )
Section 26 ( 6 )
Section 31 ( 3 )
Section 31 ( 5 )
Section 42 ( 1 )
Section 42 ( 4 )
Section 43 ( 2 )
Z3
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Failure to stop at school crossing . £ 50 £ 100
Contravention of order relating to
£ 50
a street playground outside
London .
£ 100
place ;
( 1 ) Contravention of order relating to use of off - street parking
£ 20
£ 5 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
£ 10
( 2 ) Tampering with parking ticket machine or using false coins
£ 50 or 3 months im- £ 50
prisonment or both
etc.
Plying for hire from a parking
place . £ 2 £ 20
use of on - street parking place . Contravention of order relating to £ 5 or , on a second or
£ 20
subsequent conviction ,
£ 10
using false coin , etc. Tampering with parking meter or £ 50 or 3 months im-
£ 50
prisonment or both
words " £ 100 " .
words " £ 100 ” .
words " £ 20 " .
Using a vehicle in contravention of provisions of certain designation
others £ 20
£ 50 in certain cases ; in
£ 100
orders .
In section 25 ( 2 ) for the words " £ 50 " there shall be substituted the
In section 26 ( 6 ) for the words " £ 50 "
there shall be substituted the
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 31 for
the words from " £ 5 " to " £ 10 "
there shall be substituted the words
" £ 20 " and the words from " or to imprisonment " to the end of
the subsection shall be omitted .
In section 31 ( 5 ) for the words " £ 2 "
there shall be substituted the
In subsection ( 1 ) of section 42 for
the words from " £ 5 " to the end
of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 20 " .
In subsection ( 4 ) of section 42 the
words from or to imprison-
ment " to the end of the subsection
shall be omitted .
In subsection ( 2 ) of section 43 for
the words from " £ 50 " to the end
of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 100 " .
SCH. 5
Road Traffic Act 1974 1669
c . 50
Provision
creating
offence
Section 43 ( 3 )
...
Section 78A ( 1 )
...
Section 80 ( 8 )
...
Section 86 ( 3 )
...
General nature of offence New
Existing maximum
punishment
maximum punishment
Contravention of provisions of designation orders relating to
£ 20
£ 5 or , on a second or subsequent conviction ,
parking places .
£ 10
Speeding . £ 50 £ 100
the words " £ 100 " .
Removal etc. of fixed penalty
£ 5 £ 20
ticket .
Section 87
Making false statement to obtain exemptions etc. in relation to
£ 100 or 4 months im-
prisonment or both £ 200
parking restrictions .
Contravention of regulations . £ 20 £ 50
words " £ 20 " .
words " £ 50 " .
Section 96 ( 2 )
...
Failure to comply with order to
attend inquiry . £ 5 £ 20
SCH. 5
Amendment
c . 50
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 43 for
the words from " £ 5 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 20 " .
In section 78A ( 1 ) for the words
" £ 50 " there shall be substituted
In section 80 ( 8 ) for the words " £ 5 "
there shall be substituted the
In subsection ( 3 ) of section 86 for
the words from " £ 100 " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " £ 200 " .
1670 Road Traffic Act 1974
In section 87 for the words " £ 20 "
there shall be substituted the
In section 96 ( 2 ) for the words " £ 5 "
there shall be substituted the
words " £ 20 " .
PART III
Provision creating offence Section 3
... ... ...
Section 4 ( 4 )
Section 14
Section 15
... ... ...
... ... ... ...
Section 16
... ... ...
Section 17
... ... ...
Section 18
Z4
... ... ...
SUMMARY PENALTIES UNDER ROAD TRAFFIC ACT 1972
1972 с . 20 .
General nature of offence in column 4 of Part I of
Existing maximum punishment
Schedule 4
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
Careless £ 200 .
and inconsiderate £ 100 ; or in the case of a second
driving . or subsequent conviction 3
months or £ 100 or both .
Driving under age . £ 50 . Motor racing and trials speed on
£ 100 .
3 months or £ 100 or both . £ 200 .
highways .
Other unauthorised or irregular
£ 50 . competitions or trials on high-
£ 100 .
ways .
Carrying passenger on motor
cycle contrary to section 16 .
Reckless , and dangerous , cycling .
£ 20 .
£ 50 .
£ 30 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
£ 50 .
months or £ 30 .
cycling .
Careless and inconsiderate £ 10 ; or in the case of a second
£ 20 .
or subsequent conviction £ 20 .
SCH. 5
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1671
Provision creating offence
General nature of offence
Existing maximum punishment
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
Section 19
... ... ...
or drugs .
Cycling when unfit through drink £ 30 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
months or £ 30 .
Section 20
... ...
Unauthorised or trials speed irregular cycle of racing or on
£ 10 .
highways .
Carrying passenger on bicycle £ 5 ; or in the case of a second
Section 21 £ 20 .
contrary to section 21 . or subsequent conviction £ 10 .
Section 22
Failing to comply with traffic
£ 50 . ...
directions .
Section 23
... ...
Pedestrian failing to stop when directed by constable regulating or subsequent conviction £ 25 . £ 10 ; or in the case of a second
traffic .
Section 24
... ...
positions .
Leaving vehicles in dangerous £ 50 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
months or £ 50 .
Section 25 ( 4 )
... ... ...
Failing to stop after accident and 3 months or £ 50 .
give particulars or report
£ 100 .
accident .
SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of Schedule 4
£ 50 .
£ 20 .
£ 100 .
£ 50 .
£ 100 .
c .50
1672 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section 29
Tampering with motor vehicles . | 3 months or £ 50 . ... ... ...
Section 30 ( 1 )
...
Holding or getting on to vehicle in order to be carried .
£ 10 . £ 100 .
£ 20 .
Section 30 ( 2 )
Holding on to vehicle in order to
£ 10 . £ 20 .
... ... ...
be towed .
Section 31 ( 1 ) Dogs on designated roads with-
£ 5 . £ 20 .
... ... ...
out being held on lead .
Section 33 £ 100 .
... ... ...
Selling , etc. , helmet not of pre- scribed type as helmet for
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
affording protection for motor
months or £ 50 or both .
cyclists .
Section 34 ( 4 )
... ... ...
Causing , etc. , heavy motor
vehicles to be driven or to haul
without proper crew .
months or £ 50 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
£ 100 .
Section 35 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Unauthorised motor vehicle trial
£ 50 . on footpaths or bridle - ways .
£ 100 .
Section 36
Driving motor vehicles elsewhere
£ 10 . £ 20 .
... ...
...
than on roads .
Section 36A
...
Prohibition of parking of heavy
commercial vehicles on verges
and footways .
£ 50 . £ 100 .
SCH. 5
с .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1673
Provision creating offence
General nature of offence
Section 40 ( 5 )
... ... ...
Contravention of construction
and use regulations .
Existing maximum punishment
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 200 in the case of an offence of using , or causing or permitting
the use of , a goods vehicle- ( a ) so as to cause , or to be likely
to cause , danger by the con-
dition of the vehicle or its parts or accessories , the
number of passengers carried by it , or the weight , distribution , packing or
adjustment of its load ; or
( b ) in breach of a construction and use requirement as to
brakes , steering - gear , tyres or any description of weight ;
£ 50 in any other case .
or
cause danger ; SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
c. 50
£ 400 in the case of an offence of using , or causing or permitting
the use of , a goods vehicle- ( a ) so as to cause , or to be likely
to cause , danger by the con-
dition of the vehicle or its parts or accessories , the
number of passengers carried by it , or the weight , distribution , packing adjustment of its load ; or or
( b ) in breach of a construction and use requirement as to brakes , steering - gear , tyres
or any description of weight ;
1674 Road Traffic Act 1974
( c ) for any purpose for which it is so unsuitable as to cause or
to be likely to cause danger ; £ 400 in the case of an offence of carrying on a goods vehicle a load which , by reason of its insecurity or position , is likely to
£ 100 in any other case .
Section 44 ( 1 )
... ...
Section 46 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 46 ( 2 )
... ... ...
Section 46 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Using , etc. , vehicle without re- quired test certificate being in
£ 50 . force .
Regulations under section 45 ( 7 ) Contravention of requirement of
£ 50 . regulations that driver of goods vehicle being tested be
present throughout test or drive vehicle , etc. , which is declared
by regulations to be an offence .
Using , etc. , goods vehicle without required plating certificate
£ 50 . being in force .
Using , etc. , goods vehicle without
required goods vehicle test certificate being in force .
Using , etc. , goods vehicle with alteration thereto required to be but not notified to Secretary of State under regulations under
£ 50 . £ 50 . section 45 .
Regulations under section 50 ( 5 ) Contravention of requirement of
£ 50 . regulations that driver of goods vehicle being tested after notifi- able alteration be present throughout test and drive vehicle , etc. , which is declared
by regulations to be an offence .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 200 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
SCH. 5
c .50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1675
Provision creating offence
General nature of offence
Section 51 ( 1 )
Existing maximum punishment Punishment in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 50 .
SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 100 .
... ... ...
Section 51 ( 3 )
... ...
...
section 48 .
Section 53 ( 4 )
...
Section 54 ( 6 ) ( including applica-
tion by section 55 ( 3 ) ) .
of owner .
Section 55 ( 5 )
... ... ... Using , etc. , vehicle or vehicle part without required certificate being in force showing that it complies with type approval
requirements applicable to it .
Using , etc. , vehicle with alteration thereto required to be but not notified to Secretary of State under regulations under
£ 50 .
Obstructing testing of vehicle by examiner on road or failing to comply with requirements of
£ 20 .
section 53 or Schedule 3 .
Failure of person in charge of vehicle on roadside test or further test to give particulars
£ 20 . Obstructing further testing of vehicle by Secretary of State's officer or failing to comply with requirements of section 55 or paragraph 3 or 4 of Schedule 3 .
£ 20 . £ 100 .
£ 50 .
£ 50 .
£ 50 .
c. 50
1676 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section 56 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Section 57 ( 9 )
... ...
Section 59 ( 3 )
Section 60 ( 3 )
... ... ...
... ...
...
Section 62
... ... ...
Section 66 ( 5 )
... ... ...
Section 81 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Obstructing goods vehicle or entering premises where such vehicle believed
to be .
Driving , etc. , goods vehicle in
£ 50 .
contravention of prohibition on driving it as being unfit for
service or refusing etc. to comply with a direction as to
the removal of a heavy com-
mercial vehicle .
Contravention of regulations re- quiring goods vehicle operator
£ 50 .
to inspect , and keep records of inspections of , goods vehicles .
Selling , etc. , unroadworthy
£ 100 .
vehicle or trailer or altering
vehicle or trailer so as to make
it unroadworthy .
Selling , etc. , vehicle or vehicle part without required certificate being in force showing that it complies with type approval
£ 100 . requirements applicable to it .
Selling , etc. , pedal cycle in con-
£ 50 . travention of regulations as to
brakes , bells , etc.
Causing , etc. , vehicle to be on road in contravention of provi- sions as to lighting , etc. , of
£ 50 . vehicles .
vehicle | £ 20 ; or in the case of a second or examiner inspecting goods subsequent conviction £ 50 .
£ 50 .
£ 400 .
£ 100 .
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
SCH. 5
c. 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1677
Provision creating offence Section 81 ( 2 )
... ... ...
Section 84 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 84 ( 2 )
... ...
Section 88 ( 6 )
... ...
Section 89 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Section 91 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 91 ( 2 )
... ...
Section 99 ( a )
... ...
General nature of offence
Existing maximum punishment
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
lamps or reflectors . Selling , etc. , wrongly made tail
Driving without a licence . Employing a person to drive
without a licence .
Failing to comply with any con-
ditions prescribed for driving under provisional licence or
full licence treated as provi-
sional licence .
Driving licence holder failing , when his particulars become incorrect , to surrender licence
and give particulars .
Driving with uncorrected defec-
tive eyesight . £ 20 . £ 50 . £ 50 . £ 50 . £ 20 . 3 months or £ 50 . £ 50 .
£ 100 .
Refusing to submit to test of eye-
sight . £ 50 . £ 100 .
disqualified . Obtaining driving licence while
6 months or £ 50 or both . £ 100 .
SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part 1 of
Schedule 4
£ 50 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
c. 50
1678 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section 101 ( 4 ) ( including appli-
cation by section 103 ( 4 ) )
Section 101 ( 6 )
Section 103 ( 2 )
... ... ...
... ... ...
Section 111 ( 2 )
Section 112 ( 1 )
Section 112 ( 2 )
... ... ...
... ... ...
... ... ...
Section 114 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Failing to produce licence to
£ 50 . court for endorsement on con- viction of offence involving
obligatory endorsement or on
committal for sentence , etc. , for offence involving obligatory or discretionary disqualification when no interim disqualification
ordered .
Applying for or obtaining licence without giving particulars of
current endorsement .
Failing to produce driving licence to court making order for interim disqualification on committal for sentence , etc.
Failing to produce to court
Northern Ireland driving
£ 50 . £ 50 . £ 50 .
licence .
driver's licence .
Driving heavy goods goods vehicle without heavy vehicle
months or £ 50 .
Employing a drive person heavy heavy vehicle vehicle goods goods to without but or £ 50 .
driver's
licence .
Failing to comply with conditions
of heavy goods vehicle driver's
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 20 ; or in the case or a second
or subsequent conviction 3
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction 3 months
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 100 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
£ 100 .
licence .
months or £ 50 .
SCH. 5
c. 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1679
Provision creating offence General nature of offence
Regulations under section 119 ( 2 ) Contravention of regulations about heavy goods vehicle
drivers ' licences which is de- clared by regulation to be an
Existing maximum punishment
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 20 . SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 50 .
offence .
Section 126 ( 3 )
... ... ...
Section 135 ( 2 )
... ... ...
Section 143
Section 151 ( 2 )
... ... ...
... ...
...
Section 159
... ... ...
Giving of paid driving instruction 4 months or £ 100 or both .
£ 200 .
by unregistered and unlicensed
persons or their employers .
Unregistered instructor using £ 100 . £ 200 .
title or displaying badge , etc. , prescribed for registered in-
structor , and employers using such title , etc. , in relation to his
unregistered instructor issuing misleading advertise- or
ment , etc.
Using while motor vehicle un-
insured or unsecured against
3 months or £ 50 or both .
third - party risks .
Failing to give information , or wilfully making false statement ,
as to insurance or security when
£ 50 .
claim made .
Failing to stop vehicle when
required by constable .
£ 50 . £ 200 .
£ 200 .
£ 100 .
c .50
1680 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section 160 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 164 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 165
... ... ...
Section 166 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Section 167
... ...
Section 170 ( 1 )
... ... ...
Refusing or neglecting to allow motor vehicle or trailer to be
£ 50 .
weighed , etc.
Refusing to give , or giving false ,
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
name and address in case of reckless , dangerous , careless or
or subsequent conviction , 3
months or £ 50 .
inconsiderate driving or
cycling .
Pedestrian failing to give con-
stable his name and address after failing to stop when directed by constable control-
£ 5 .
ling traffic .
Failure by driver , in case of accident involving injury to
another , to produce evidence of
insurance or security or to re-
port accident .
£ 50 .
Failure by owner of motor vehicle to give police informa-
tion for verifying compliance
months or £ 50 .
with requirement of compul-
sory insurance or security .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction , 3
Making false statements in con- 4 months or £ 100 or both .
nection with licences under this
Act and with registration as an approved driving instructor .
£ 400 .
£ 100 .
£ 20 .
£ 100 .
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
SCH. 5
Road Traffic Act 1974 1681
c .50
Provision creating offence General nature of offence
Section 170 ( 2 )
Section 170 ( 3 )
... ... ...
statements relating to goods
vehicles .
Existing maximum punishment
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
Making , or making use of , false 4 months or £ 100 or both .
Producing false evidence or mak- 4 months or £ 100 or both . ... ... ...
Section 170 ( 4 )
... ... ...
Section 170 ( 5 )
... ... ...
Section 170 ( 6 )
... ... ...
ing false declaration in con- nection with applications for
vehicle excise licences for ve- hicles required to have test
certificates .
the remedying of defects dis- covered in vehicles on roadside
tests .
entry in records required to be kept of condition of goods
vehicles .
holding material information
in order to obtain the issue of
insurance certificates , etc.
Making false statements as to 4 months or £ 100 or both .
Making , or making use of , false 4 months or £ 100 or both .
Making false statement or with- 4 months or £ 100 or both . SCH. 5
Entry to be substituted
in column 4 of Part I of
Schedule 4
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
£ 200 .
c . 50
1682 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section 171
Issuing false insurance certifi- 6 months or £ 100 or both .
... ... ...
Section 172
... ... ...
Section 187 ( 2 )
... ... ...
Schedule 1 , para . 5 ( 1 )
... ...
Schedule 1 , para . 5 ( 2 )
... ...
cates .
thereon .
State , etc.
cates , etc. , or false test certifi-
Using goods vehicle with un- authorised weights as well as
authorised weights marked
Failing to attend , give evidence
or produce documents to , in-
quiry held by Secretary of
Applying warranty to protective helmet in defending proceed-
ings under section 33 where no
warranty given .
Giving to purchaser of protective helmet a false warranty in case where warranty might be de-
fence in proceedings under
£ 50 .
£ 5 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
months or £ 50 or both .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction 3
months or £ 50 or both .
section 33 .
£ 200 .
£ 100 .
£ 20 .
£ 50 .
£ 50 .
SCH. 5
c . 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1683
c . 50
1684 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH . 5 PART IV
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO OFFENCES PUNISHABLE
ON INDICTMENT OR SUMMARILY
1. In section 233 of the 1960 Act (forgery, misuse, etc. of certain
documents ) in paragraph ( b) of subsection (3) ( penalty on summary
conviction ) for the words from " one hundred " to the end of the
paragraph there shall be substituted the words " £200 " .
2. In section 234 of the 1960 Act ( falsification of records ) in para-
graph (b) ( penalty on summary conviction) for the words from " one
hundred " to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the
words " £200".
3. In section 86 of the 1967 Act ( forgery , misuse, etc. of parking
meter tickets) in paragraph (b ) of subsection ( 2 ) ( penalty on summary
conviction ) for the words from " £100 " to the end of the paragraph
there shall be substituted the words " £200 " .
4.- (1) In Schedule 4 to the 1972 Act ( prosecution and punishment
of offences ) in the entries relating to sections 2, 5(1) and 6(1) of
that Act, for the punishment specified in column 4 in relation to an
offence punishable summarily there shall in each case be substituted
the words " £ 400 or 4 months imprisonment ".
( 2 ) In the entries in that Schedule relating to sections 5( 2) and
6 ( 2) of that Act, for the punishment specified in column 4 in relation
to an offence punishable summarily there shall in each case be
substituted the words " £200 " .
( 3 ) In the entry in that Schedule relating to section 9( 3) of that
Act, in column 4, in paragraph (i ) ( the penalty on summary convic-
tion where the offender was driving or attempting to drive ) for the
words from " 4 months " to the end of the paragraph there shall be
substituted the words " £400 " and in paragraph (ii ) ( the penalty on
summary conviction where the offender was in charge of the vehicle)
for the words " 4 months or £100 or both " there shall be substituted
the words " £200 " .
( 4 ) In the entry in that Schedule relating to section 99(b) of that
Act, -
( a ) for the punishment specified in column 4 where the offence
is punishable sumarily there shall be substituted the words " 3
months or £ 400 or both " ; and
( b ) for the punishment specified in column 4 where the offence
is punishable on indictment there shall be substituted the
words " 12 months or a fine or both ".
( 5) In the entry in that Schedule relating to section 169(1) of that
Act, for the punishment specified in column 4 in relation to an
offence punishable summarily there shall be substituted the words
" £200".
( 6 ) In the entry in that Schedule relating to section 175 of that
Act, in column 4 for the words " £50 " (the maximum fine on sum-
mary conviction ) there shall be substituted the words " £100 " .
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1685
SCHEDULE 6
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Road Traffic Act 1960
1.- (1) In section 133 of the 1960 Act (suspension of public service
vehicle licences for defects in vehicles ) in subsection (1), the proviso
( where defects can be remedied suspension not to operate before the
expiry of 48 hours unless the defects involve danger to the public)
shall be omitted.
( 2 ) After subsection (2) of that section there shall be inserted the
following subsections : -
" (2A) A suspension under this section shall, subject to any
exemption granted under subsection ( 2B) of this section, become
operative as soon as notice thereof has been given to the
licensee under subsection ( 2) of this section if in the opinion
of the certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner
concerned the defects in the vehicle involve danger to the
public .
( 2B) In any case not falling within subsection ( 2A) of this
section, the suspension under this section shall, unless it is
previously removed or it previously ceases and subject to any
exemption under subsection ( 2C) of this section, become opera-
tive at such time not later than ten days from the date of
the inspection as seems appropriate to the certifying officer or
public service vehicle examiner concerned, having regard to
all the circumstances.
( 2C) Where a licence has been suspended under this section
any certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner may
grant an exemption in writing for the use of the vehicle in
such manner, subject to such conditions and for such purpose
as may be specified in the exemption and where any such
officer or examiner grants any such exemption he shall forthwith
give notice of it to the traffic commissioners who granted the
licence.
( 2D ) Where a licence has been suspended under this section
any certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner may
by endorsement on the notice given to the licensee under sub-
section ( 2) thereof vary its terms and, in particular, alter the
time at which the suspension is to become operative or suspend
it if it has become operative and where any such officer or
examiner makes any such variation or alteration he shall forth-
with give notice of it to the traffic commissioners who granted
the licence."
2. In section 144 of that Act (drivers' and conductors' licences)
at the end of subsection (6 ) (duration of licence ) there shall be
added the following subsection : -
" (6A) Without prejudice to section 145( 3) of this Act if, on
the date on which an application is made for a licence to drive.
Section 24 ( 2 ) .
1960 с. 16.
1686 Road Traffic Act 1974
c. 50
SCH. 6 1965 с. 16.
1967 с. 76.
or act as conductor of , a public service vehicle, the applicant
is the holder of such a licence, the existing licence shall, not-
withstanding anything in subsection ( 6) above, continue in force
until the application is disposed of ".
The Airports Authority Act 1965
3. In section 12 of the Airports Authority Act 1965 ( control of
road traffic within British Airports Authority aerodromes) in sub-
section (3) (order may exempt particular roads from application of
road traffic enactments) for the words from " particular roads " to
the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " such
roads or lengths of roads to which the public does not have access
as the Authority may for the time being identify as being so exempted
by means of a sign of a type or character specified in the order".
The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
4. In section 1 of the 1967 Act ( traffic regulation orders outside
Greater London ) in subsection (3) ( traffic regulation order may con-
tain provisions regulating traffic either generally or subject to
exceptions specified in the order ) for the words " exceptions so
specified, and " there shall be substituted the words " such exceptions
as may be specified in the order or determined in a manner provided
for by it and, subject to such exceptions as may be so specified or
determined ".
5. In section 6 of that Act (traffic regulation orders in
Greater London) at the end of subsection (3) ( places, times and traffic,
etc. to which an order applies) there shall be added the following
paragraph:
" (e) subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order
or determined in a manner provided for by it ".
6.- (1) In section 9 of that Act (experimental traffic orders) at the
end of subsection (1) there shall be added the words " and,
accordingly, subject to the following provisions of this section, -
(i) the provisions of section 1 of this Act (other than sub-
sections (2), (8) and (9) thereof ) shall apply in relation to
an experimental traffic order making provision as respects
any road outside Greater London as they apply in relation
to an order under that section ; and
(ii ) the provisions of section 6 of this Act (other than sub-
sections (2) , (7), (8) and ( 9) thereof ) shall apply in relation
to an experimental traffic order making provision as
respects traffic on roads in Greater London as they
apply in relation to an order under that section. "
( 2 ) Subsection (10 ) of that section shall be omitted.
7. In sections 24 and 25 of that Act ( school crossing patrols)
after the words " on their way to or from school ", in each place
where they occur, there shall be inserted the words "or on their
way from one part of a school to another ".
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1687
8. In subsection (1) of section 80 of that Act ( fixed penalties in
respect of certain offences) in paragraph (d )(ii ) ( contravention of
provisions as to roads which are not to be used by vehicles of certain
classes) after the words " roads " there shall be inserted the words " or
parts of carriageways ".
9. In section 85(1) of that Act (where an offence under that Act is
committed, other than an offence under certain specified provisions,
information must be given with a view to identifying the driver) the
word " 9(9) " shall be omitted.
The Criminal Appeal Act 1968
10. In section 31 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (powers of
Court of Appeal on appeals to that court which are exercisable
by a single judge ) after subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 2A ) The power wer of the Court of Appeal to suspend a
person's disqualification under section 94A( 2) of the Road
Traffic Act 1972 may be exercised by a single judge in the
same manner as it may be exercised by the Court. "
11. At the end of section 44 of that Act (powers of Court
of Appeal on appeals to the House of Lords which are exercisable
by a single judge) there shall be added the following subsection : -
" (2) The power of the Court of Appeal to suspend a person's
disqualification under section 94A(3) of the Road Traffic Act
1972 may be exercised by a single judge, but where the judge
refuses an application to exercise that power the applicant
shall be entitled to have the application determined by the
Court of Appeal. "
The Road Traffic Act 1972
12. In section 25(1) of the 1972 Act ( duty to stop, and furnish
particulars, in case of accident to a person, vehicle or animal) after
the word " thereby ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall
be inserted the words " or to any other property constructed on,
fixed to, growing in or otherwise forming part of the land on which
the road in question is situated or land adjacent thereto " .
13. In section 36A of that Act the following subsections shall be
inserted after subsection (3) : -
" ( 3A ) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that, in
relation to vehicles of such classes as may be specified in the
regulations, subsection (1) above shall not apply or shall
apply subject to such conditions as may be so specified.
( 3B ) In England and Wales a local authority may institute
proceedings for an offence under this section committed
with respect to the verge of a road, land or a footway
in their area ; and in this section " local authority " means
the council of a county, district or London borough, the
Greater London Council or the Common Council of the
City of London. "
SCH. 6
1968 с. 19.
1972 с. 20.
c.50
1688 Road Traffic Act 1974
SCH. 6 14.- (1 ) In section 53 of that Act ( testing of condition of vehicles
on roads) in subsection (1) ( authorised examiners may test motor
vehicles to ascertain whether certain requirements are complied with )
in paragraph (b) after the word " of " there shall be inserted the
word " noise ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 2 ) of that section ( persons who may act as
authorised examiners) the word " and ", in the last place where
it occurs, shall be omitted and at the end of the subsection there
shall be added the words " and a person appointed by the police
authority for a police area to act, under the directions of the chief
officer of police, for the purposes of this section " .
15. In section 57( 7 ) of that Act ( power to prohibit the driving of
vehicles in respect of which a weight limit has been exceeded ), in
paragraph (a ), after the word " exceeded " there shall be inserted
the words " or would be exceeded if it were used on a road " .
16. Section 65 of that Act (restriction on number of trailers drawn)
shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to any power under
sections 40 and 42 of that Act to make provision with respect to the
number of trailers which may be drawn by a motor vehicle.
17. In section 94 of that Act (appeals against disqualification
and power of court ordering disqualification to suspend it pending
an appeal) after subsection ( 3) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" (3A ) Where a court exercises its power under subsection
( 2 ) or subsection ( 3) above it shall send notice of the sus-
pension to the Secretary of State ; and for the purposes of
this section any such notice shall be sent in such manner
and to such address and shall contain such particulars as
the Secretary of State may determine."
18. In section 115 of that Act (duration of heavy goods vehicle
driver's licence) after subsection ( 3) there shall be added the following
subsection : -
"(4) Without prejudice to section 118( 4 ) of this Act if , on
the date on which an application is made for a heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence, the applicant is the holder of such a
licence and, apart from this subsection, his existing licence would
expire in accordance with subsection (1) above, then, notwith-
standing anything in that subsection, his existing licence shall
continue in force until the application is disposed of " .
19.- ( 1 ) In section 161 of that Act (power of constables to require
production of driving licences and statement of date of birth) at the
end of subsection ( 4) (no offence committed if licence produced at a
police station within five days) there shall be added the words " in
respect of a failure to produce his licence ".
( 2 ) Nothing in sub-paragraph (1) above shall affect the operation
of the said subsection ( 4 ) in relation to a requirement made by a
constable before that sub-paragraph comes into operation.
c. 50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1689
20. In section 166 ( 2) of that Act ( if a driver does not produce
an insurance certificate, etc. at the time of an accident involving
injury, he may do so in person at a nominated police station within
five days of the accident being reported ) for the words " he produces
the same in person " there shall be substituted the words " the
certificate or other evidence is produced ".
21. In section 168( 2 ) of that Act (information to be given as to
identity of driver, etc.) in paragraph ( a) after the word " police
there shall be inserted the words " or, in the case of an offence under
section 36A or section 36B of this Act, by or on behalf of a local
authority within the meaning of the said section 36A ".
22. In section 179 of that Act (restrictions on prosecutions for
certain offences) after subsection ( 3) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 3A ) The requirement of subsection ( 2) above shall not
apply in relation to an offence if , at the time of the offence or
immediately thereafter, an accident occurs owing to the presence
on a road of the vehicle in respect of which the offence was
committed."
23. In section 198( 2) of that Act ( certain provisions not to apply
to trams and trolley-buses) for the words " 60 and 65 " there shall
be substituted the words " and 60 " .
24. In Part I of Schedule 4 to that Act (prosecution and punish-
ment of offences), in the entry relating to section 89( 3) (driving
licence holder failing, when his particulars become incorrect, to
surrender licence and give particulars ) , in column 7 there shall be
inserted the words " Section 180 applies " .
SCH. 6
c. 50
1690 Road Traffic Act 1974
Section24 ( 3).
SCHEDULE 7
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Section 130.
c . 16 . 1960. Section 131 (1)(b) .
In section 133, in subsection (1)
the proviso and in subsection
"
( 4 ) the words remove the
suspension " , in the last place
where they occur.
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act In Schedule 1, in Part III para-
c . 59.
1962. graphs 49 and 51 .
In Schedule 4, the amendment
of section 130 of the Road
Traffic Act 1960.
1967 с. 76.
The Road Traffic Regu- Section 9(10).
lation Act 1967. In section 31, in subsection (3)
the words from or to
imprisonment " to the end of
the subsection.
In section 42 , in subsection ( 4 )
the words from " or to im-
prisonment " to the end of
the subsection.
Section 80(10) .
In section 85( 1) the word
" 9(9) " .
1967 с. 80.
The Criminal Justice Act In Schedule 3, in Part I the entry
1967 .
relating to section 147(2) of
the Road Traffic Act 1960.
"
1972 с. 20. The Road Traffic Act In section 40 ( 7) the words or
1972.
by or under sections 68 to 79
of this Act ".
In section 47, in subsections (1),
(2), (4), (5), (8), (12 ) and (13),
as originally enacted, the
word " goods " , in each
place where it occurs.
In section 48( 3) the word
goods " ."
In section 50, in subsections ( 3)
and ( 4 ) the word " goods ",
in each place where it occurs ,
and in subsection (6 ) the word
" goods ", in the second and
third places where it occurs.
In section 51, in subsections (1),
( 3) and (5 )( a) the word
goods ", in each place where"
itoccurs.
In section 53( 2) the word
" and", in the last place
where it occurs.
c.50
Road Traffic Act 1974 1691
SCH. 7
Chapter
1972с. 20
-cont.
1972 с. 27.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Road Traffic Act In section 62( 2 ) ( c ) the words
1972 -cont.
" 46( 5) or ".
In section 64, in subsections (2 )
and (4 ) the word " goods ".
Section 65.
Sections 68 to 80.
Section 81(1 ) .
In section 82 the definitions of
" hours of darkness " and
"
public passenger vehicle ".
In section 88(5) the words "
or
any other licence of a descrip-
tion prescribed for the pur-
poses of this subsection ".
In section 104, in subsection (1)
the words from " orders ", in
the first place where it occurs,
to " this Act and ", in sub-
section (2 ) the words from
" orders ", in the first place
where it occurs, to "section
103( 1) and ", in subsection( 3)
the words from " in conse-
quence " to the end of the
subsection and in subsection
(6)(a) the words " orders his
licence to be endorsed and ".
In section 105, in subsection ( 2 )
the words from " but where "
to the end of the subsection.
In section 162(1)(iii ) the words
66 "
from or one or more to
" section 47 of this Act " and
the words " or 51(1 ) ".
In section 188, in subsection ( 4),
the word " goods ", in both
places where it occurs, and
subsection (5) .
In Schedule 4, in Part I the
entry relating to section 65(5)
of thatAct.
In Schedule 8, paragraph 3 .
The Road Traffic (Foreign
Vehicles) Act 1972.
Section 5.
Section 7( 7 ) .
ELIZABETH II 1693
D
EUET MONDROIZ
PENSE
Rent Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 51
An Act to amend the Rent Act 1968 and the Rent
( Scotland ) Act 1971 and the provisions of Part
II of the Housing Finance Act 1972 and of the
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act
1972 relating to rent allowances, and for con-
nected purposes . [ 31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Modifications of Rent Act in relation to furnished
and other tenancies
1.-( 1 ) On and after the commencement date, - Extension of
protection
( a) a tenancy of a dwelling- house shall no longer be pre- afforded to
vented from being a protected tenancy for the purposes furnished
of the Rent Act by reason only that, under the tenancy, tenancies.
the dwelling- house is bona fide let at a rent which
includes payments in respect of the use of furniture ;
and
(b) subject to the following provisions of this Act, references
in the Rent Act (and in any other enactment or instru-
ment in which those expressions have the same mean-
ing as in that Act) to a protected tenancy, a statutory
tenancy or a regulated tenancy shall be construed
accordingly.
( 2) Any reference in this Act or the Rent Act to a protected
furnished tenancy, a statutory furnished tenancy or a regulated
furnished tenancy is a reference to a protected tenancy, a statu-
tory tenancy or a regulated tenancy, as the case may be, under
1694 Rent Act 1974
c. 51
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
Certain
tenancies
not to be
protected.
which the rent for the dwelling-house concerned includes such
payments in respect of the use of furniture as, apart from sub-
section ( 1 ) above, subsection ( 4)(a) below and the repeals effected
by this Act, would prevent a tenancy of the dwelling -house at
that rent from being a protected tenancy.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in section 7(1) of or Schedule
2 to the Rent Act (controlled and regulated tenancies) no pro-
tected furnished tenancy or statutory furnished tenancy shall be
a controlled tenancy.
( 4 ) In consequence of the provisions of this Act,-
(a) in section 2(1) ( b) of the Rent Act (exclusion from pro-
tection of tenancies where the rent includes payments
in respect of board, attendance or use of furniture)
for the words " attendance or use of furniture " there
shall be substituted the words " or attendance " ;
( b) Schedule 3 to the Rent Act ( grounds for possession)
shall have effect subject to the modifications in Part I
of Schedule 1 to this Act;
(c ) Parts IV, VIII and IX of the Rent Act 1968 shall have
effect subject to the amendments in Part II of that
Schedule ; and
( d ) Parts IV, IX and X of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971
shall have effect subject to the amendments in Part
III of that Schedule.
2. (1) In subsection ( 1) of section 2 of the Rent Act (tenan-
66
cies excepted from definition of protected tenancy ") after
paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the following paragraphs: -
" (bb) the tenancy is granted to a person who is pursuing
or intends to pursue a course of study provided by a
specified educational institution and is so granted
either by that institution or by another specified insti-
tution or body of persons ; or
( bbb) the purpose of the tenancy is to confer on the tenant
the right to occupy the dwelling- house for a holiday ;
or".
( 2 ) After subsection ( 3) of section 2 of the Rent Act there
shall be added the following subsection : -
( 4 ) In paragraph (bb) of subsection ( 1 ) above " speci-
fied " means specified, or of a class specified, for the
purposes of that paragraph by regulations made by the
Secretary of State by statutory instrument; and a statutory
instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House
ofParliament."
с .51
Rent Act 1974 1695
(3) After section 5 of the Rent Act there shall be inserted
the section 5A set out in paragraph 1 or, as the case may require ,
paragraph 2 of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act and, accordingly,
in section 1( 1) of the Rent Act ( definition of protected tenancy )
at the end of paragraph ( c) there shall be added the words-
" or
(d ) by virtue of section 5A below, the tenancy has at all
times since it was granted been precluded from
being a protected tenancy ".
( 4) Part IX of the Rent Act 1968 shall have effect subject 1968 с. 23 .
to the amendments in Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act and
Part X of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 shall have effect subject 1971 c. 28.
to the amendments in Part III of that Schedule.
3.-( 1) In Part II of Schedule 3 to the Rent Act 1968 ( Cases Recovery of
in which court must order possession of dwelling-house subject possession of
to regulated tenancy) the following Cases shall be inserted after dwelling-
let
Case 10 : -
on certain
tenancies.
" Case 10A
Where a person ( in this Case referred to as 66
the owner ")
who acquired the dwelling-house or any interest therein
with a view to occupying it as his residence at such time
as he might retire from regular employment let it on a
regulated tenancy before he has so retired and-
( a) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
( b) the dwelling-house has not, since the commence-
ment date, within the meaning of the Rent Act
1974, been let by the owner on a protected tenancy
with respect to which the condition mentioned in
paragraph (a) above was not satisfied ; and
( c) the court is satisfied either that the owner has
retired from regular employment and requires the
dwelling- house as a residence or that the owner
has died and the dwelling- house is required as a
residence for a member of his family who was
residing with him at the time of his death :
Provided that if the court is of the opinion that , not-
withstanding that the condition in paragraph ( a) or para-
graph (b) above is not complied with, it is just and equitable
to make an order for possession of the dwelling-house, the
court may dispense with the requirements of either or both
of those paragraphs, as the case may require.
1696 Rent Act 1974
c . 51
Case 10B
Where the dwelling-house is let under a tenancy for a
term of years certain not exceeding 8 months and-
( a) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
(b) the dwelling- house was, at some time within the
period of 12 months ending on the relevant date,
occupied under a right to occupy it for a holiday ;
and for the purposes of this Case a tenancy shall be treated
as being for a term of years certain notwithstanding that it
is liable to determination by re- entry or on the happening
of any event other than the giving of notice by the landlord
to determine the term.
1971 с. 28.
Case 10C
Where the dwelling house is let under a tenancy for a
term of years certain not exceeding 12 months and-
( a ) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
( b) at some time within the period of 12 months ending
on the relevant date, the dwelling-house was
subject to such a tenancy as is referred to in
section 2( 1 ) (bb) of this Act ;
and for the purposes of this Case a tenancy shall be treated
as being for a term of years certain notwithstanding that
it is liable to determination by re-entry or on the happening
of any event other than the giving of notice by the land-
lord to determine the term. "
( 2 ) In Part II of Schedule 3 to the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971
( Cases in which court must order possession of dwelling-house
subject to regulated tenancy) the following Cases shall be
inserted after Case 11 : -
66 Case 11A
Where a person ( in this Case referred to as " the owner ")
who acquired the dwelling-house or any interest therein
with a view to occupying it as his residence at such time as
he might retire from regular employment let it on a regu-
lated tenancy before he has so retired and-
(a) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
c.51
Rent Act 1974 1697
( b) the dwelling -house has not, since the commence-
ment date, within the meaning of the Rent Act
1974, been let by the owner on a protected tenancy
with respect to which the condition mentioned in
paragraph (a) above was not satisfied ; and
( c ) the court is satisfied either that the owner has
retired from regular employment and requires
the dwelling-house as a residence or that the
owner has died and the dwelling-house is required
as a residence for a member of his family who
was residing with him at the time of his death :
Provided that if the court is of the opinion that, not-
withstanding that the condition in paragraph ( a) or para-
graph (b) above is not complied with, it is just and equitable
to make an order for possession of the dwelling- house, the
court may dispense with the requirements of either or both
of those paragraphs, as the case may require.
Case 11B
Where the dwelling-house is let under a tenancy for a
specified period not exceeding 8 months and-
(a ) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
( b) the dwelling -house was, at some time within the
period of 12 months ending on the relevant date,
occupied under a right to occupy it for a holiday ;
and for the purposes of this Case a tenancy shall be
treated as being for a specified period-
( i) of less than 8 months, if it is determinable at the
option of the landlord (other than in the event
of an irritancy being incurred) before the expira-
tion of 8 months from the commencement of the
period of the tenancy, and
(ii) of 8 months or more, if it confers on the tenant
an option for renewal of the tenancy for a period
which together with the original period, amounts
to 8 months or more, and it is not determinable
as mentioned in paragraph (i ) above.
Case 11C
Where the dwelling-house is let under a tenancy for a
specified period not exceeding 12 months and-
(a ) not later than the relevant date the landlord gave
notice in writing to the tenant that possession
might be recovered under this Case ; and
Part II
2A
с. 51
1698 Rent Act 1974
1968 с. 23 .
1971 с. 28.
Advance
application
for registra-
tion of a new
rent.
(b) at some time within the period of 12 months end-
ing on the relevant date the dwelling-house was
subject to such a tenancy as is referred to in
section 2( 1 ) (bb) of this Act ;
and for the purposes of this Case a tenancy shall be treated
as being for a specified period-
(i) of less than 12 months, if it is determinable at the
option of the landlord (other than in the event
of an irritancy being incurred) before the expira-
tion of 12 months from the commencement of the
period of the tenancy, and
(ii) of 12 months or more, if it confers on the tenant
an option for renewal of the tenancy for a period
which, together with the original period, amounts
to 12 months or more, and it is not determinable
as mentioned in paragraph (i) above. "
(3) At the end of Case 10 in Part II of Schedule 3 to the
Rent Act 1968 and at the end of Case 11 in Part II of Schedule
3 to the Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 there shall be added the
following proviso : -
" Provided that if the court is of the opinion that, not-
withstanding that the condition in paragraph (a) or para-
graph ( b) above is not complied with, it is just and equit-
able to make an order for possession of the dwelling- house,
the court may dispense with the requirements of either or
both of those paragraphs, as the case may require ".
4.-(1) At the beginning of subsection (3) of section 44 of
the Rent Act 1968 (no application for registration of a new
rent until three years after a previous registration ) there shall
be inserted the words " Subject to subsection (3A ) below " and
at the end of that subsection there shall be added the following
subsection : -
66 ( 3A ) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) above,
an application such as is mentioned in that subsection which
is made by the landlord alone and is so made within the
last three months of the period of three years referred to
in that subsection may be entertained notwithstanding that
that period has not expired. "
(2 ) At the beginning of subsection ( 1) of section 48 of that
Act (effect of registration of rent ) there shall be inserted the
words " Subject to subsection ( 1A ) below " and at the end of
that subsection there shall be added the following subsection : -
66 (1A ) Where, by virtue of subsection (3A ) of section 44
above, an application is made before the expiry of the period
с.51
Rent Act 1974 1699
of three years referred to in subsection (3) of that section,
subsection (1) above shall have effect as if for the reference
to the date of the application there were substituted a
reference to the first day after the expiry of that period of
three years. "
( 3) At the beginning of subsection ( 3) of section 40 of the
Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 (no application for registration of a 1971 c. 28 .
new rent until three years after a previous registration) there
shall be inserted the words " Subject to subsection (3A ) below "
and at the end of that subsection there shall be added the
following subsection : -
(3A ) An application such as is mentioned in subsec-
tion ( 3) above which is made by the landlord alone and is
so made within the last three months of the period of three
years referred to in that subsection may be entertained
before the expiry of that period, notwithstanding that the
application is not made upon any of the grounds mentioned
in that subsection."
( 4) At the beginning of subsection ( 1) of section 44 of the
said Act of 1971 (effect of registration of rent ) there shall be
inserted the words " Subject to subsection ( 1A ) below " and at
the end of that subsection there shall be added the following
subsection : -
66 ( 1A) Where, by virtue of subsection (3A ) of section
40 above, an application is made before the expiry of the
period of three years referred to in subsection (3) of that
section, subsection ( 1) above shall have effect as if for the
reference to the date of the application there were substi-
tuted a reference to the first day after the expiry of that
period of three years . "
5.-( 1) In any case where Transitional
provisions
(a ) immediately before the commencement date a dwelling affecting
is subject to a furnished letting and a rent is registered furnished
for that dwelling under the relevant Part of the Rent lettings
Act, and which become
furnished
( b) on the commencement date that furnished letting tenancies.
becomes a protected furnished tenancy by virtue of
section 1 above,
the amount which is so registered under the relevant Part of
the Rent Act shall be deemed to be registered under Part IV
of that Act as the rent for the dwelling-house which is let on
that tenancy, and that registration shall be deemed to take effect
on the commencement date.
2A2
с. 51
1700 Rent Act 1974
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
Furnished
lettings:
increase in
rateable value
limits .
(2) Section 44(3) of the Rent Act 1968 , or, as the case may
require, section 40(3) of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 (no
application for registration of a different rent to be made within
3 years of the last registration ) shall not apply to an application
for the registration under Part IV of the Rent Act of a rent
different from that which is deemed to be registered as men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) The reference in section 45( 1) (b) of the Rent Act 1968
or, as the case may require, section 41( 1)( b) of the Rent (Scot-
land) Act 1971 ( certificates of fair rent) to a rent being
registered for a dwelling-house does not include a rent which
is deemed to be registered as mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 4 ) In any case where-
(a ) before the commencement date a notice to quit had
been served in respect of a dwelling to which a fur-
nished letting then related, and
(b) the period at the end of which that notice to quit takes
effect had, before the commencement date, been
extended under the relevant Part of the Rent Act, and
( c ) that period has not expired before the commencement
date, and
(d ) on the commencement date the furnished letting becomes
a protected furnished tenancy by virtue of section 1
above,
the notice to quit shall take effect on the day following the
commencement date (whenever it would otherwise take effect)
and, accordingly, on that day the protected furnished tenancy
shall become a statutory furnished tenancy.
Furnished Lettings (England and Wales)
6. In section 71 of the Rent Act 1968 (dwellings to which Part
VI applies) for subsection ( 1) there shall be substituted the follow-
ing subsections : -
" ( 1) Subject to any provision made by an order under
subsection (2) below, where the appropriate day in relation
to any dwelling fell before 1st April 1973, this Part of this
Act applies to the dwelling if-
( a ) it had on the appropriate day a rateable value not
exceeding, if it is in Greater London, £400, or, if
it is elsewhere, £200 ; or
( b) it had on 1st April 1973 a rateable value not exceed-
ing, if it is in Greater London, £1,500, or, if it is
elsewhere, £750.
(1A ) Subject to any provision made by an order under
subsection (2) below, where the appropriate day in relation
Rent Act 1974 1701
c.51
to any dwelling fell or falls on or after 1st April 1973, this
Part of this Act applies to the dwelling if it has or had on
the appropriate day a rateable value not exceeding, if it is
in Greater London, £1,500, or, if it is elsewhere, £750. "
7.- (1 ) In section 73( 1) of the Rent Act 1968 (powers of rent Furnished
tribunals on reference of Part VI contracts) in paragraph ( b) lettings :
( power to reduce the rent to such sum as the tribunal thinks amendments relating to
reasonable) after the word " reduce " there shall be inserted control and
the words " or increase " and accordingly the following provisions registration
of that Act shall cease to have effect, namely, - of rents.
(a) section 73 (3) (under which the tribunal could, in respect 1968 с. 23.
of certain long-standing contracts, approve a rent
higher than that payable under the contract) ; and
( b) section 75(2) (under which, on a reference made after a
rent had been registered, the tribunal had power to
increase the rent payable) .
( 2) For subsection (5) of section 73 of that Act (the tribunal
need not entertain any reference made by a lessee or lessor alone
if they are satisfied that the reference is frivolous or vexatious)
there shall be substituted the following subsection : -
66 ( 5 ) Where the rent under a Part VI contract has been
registered under section 74 below, a rent tribunal shall not
be required to entertain a reference , made otherwise than by
the lessor and the lessee jointly, for the registration of a
different rent for the dwelling concerned before the expiry
of the period of three years beginning on the date on which
the rent was last considered by the tribunal, except on the
ground that, since that date, there has been such a change
in the condition of the dwelling, the furniture or services
provided, the terms of the contract or any other circum-
stances taken into consideration when the rent was last
considered as to make the registered rent no longer a reason-
able rent. "
( 3) In section 74 of that Act ( register of rents under Part VI
contracts) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
66 ( 2A) Where any rates in respect of a dwelling are borne
by the lessor or any person having any title superior to that
of the lessor, the amount to be entered in the register under
this section as the rent payable for the dwelling shall be the
same as if the rates were not so borne ; but the fact that they
are so borne shall be noted in the register."
( 4 ) In section 75(1) of that Act (reconsideration of rent after
registration) after the words " section 74 above " there shall be
inserted the words " then, subject to section 73(5) above " and
2A3
1702 Rent Act 1974
с.51
Furnished
lettings:
amendments
relating to
security
oftenure.
1968 с. 23 .
Furnished
lettings:
amendments
relating to
control and
registration
ofrents.
1971 с. 28.
the words " on the ground of change of circumstances " shall
be omitted.
( 5 ) In section 76 of that Act (effect of registration of rent)
after subsection ( 1) there shall be added the following sub-
section : -
66 ( 1A) Where subsection (2A) of section 74 above applies,
the amount entered in the register under that section shall
be treated for the purposes of this section as increased for
any rental period by the amount of the rates for that period,
ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act. "
( 6) In section 84(1) of that Act (interpretation of Part VI)
after the definition of " register " there shall be inserted the
following definition : -
" rental period ' means a period in respect of which a
payment of rent falls to be made " .
8.-( 1 ) In section 78( 1) of the Rent Act 1968 (application by
lessee to rent tribunal for extension of period before notice to
quit takes effect ) paragraph (c) (no application may be made if
the rent tribunal has previously granted an extension of less than
six months) shall be omitted.
( 2) In section 80 of that Act ( reduction of period of notice on
account of lessee's default) at the end of paragraph ( c) of sub-
section (2) there shall be added the words " or
(d ) that the condition of any furniture provided for the use
of the lessee under the contract has deteriorated owing
to any ill-treatment by the lessee or any person residing
or lodging with him ".
Funished lettings (Scotland )
9.- (1) In section 88( 1) of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971
( powers of rent tribunals on reference of Part VII contracts) in
paragraph (b) (power to reduce the rent to such sum as the
tribunal thinks reasonable) after the word " reduce " there shall
be inserted the words or increase ", and accordingly section
90( 2) of that Act (under which, on a reference made after a
rent had been registered, the tribunal had power to increase the
rent payable) shall cease to have effect.
( 2) For subsection ( 4) of section 88 of that Act ( the tribunal
need not entertain any reference made by a lessee or lessor alone
if they are satisfied that the reference is frivolous or vexatious)
there shall be substituted the following subsection : -
" (4) Where the rent under a Part VII contract has been
registered under section 89 below, a rent tribunal shall not
be required to entertain a reference , made otherwise than
c. 51
Rent Act 1974 1703
by the lessor and the lessee jointly, for the registration of
a different rent for the dwelling -house concerned before the
expiry of the period of 3 years beginning on the date on
which the rent was last considered by the tribunal, except
on the ground that, since that date, there has been such a
change in the condition of the dwelling-house, the furniture
or services provided, the terms of the contract or any other
circumstances taken into consideration when the rent was
last considered as to make the registered rent no longer a
reasonable rent. "
( 3) In section 89 of that Act (register of rents under Part VII
contracts) after subsection ( 2) there shall be inserted the follow-
ing subsection : -
66 ( 2A) Where any rates in respect of a dwelling-house
are borne by the lessor, the amount to be entered in the
register under this section as the rent payable for the
dwelling-house shall be the same as if the rates were not
so borne ; but the fact that they are so borne shall be noted
in the register. "
( 4 ) In section 90(1) of that Act ( reconsideration of rent after
registration) after the words " section 89 above " there shall be
inserted the words " then, subject to section 88( 4) above " and
the words 66
on the ground of change of circumstances " shall
be omitted.
( 5 ) In section 91 of that Act ( effect of registration of rent)
after subsection ( 1) there shall be added the following
subsection :-
" ( 1A) Where subsection ( 2A) of section 89 above applies ,
the amount entered in the register under that section shall
be treated for the purposes of this section as increased for
any rental period by the amount of the rates for that period
ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to this Act."
( 6 ) In section 100(1) of that Act (interpretation of Part VII)
after the definition of " register " there shall be inserted the
following definition : -
"" rental period ' means a period in respect of which a
payment of rent falls to be made ".
10.- (1) In section 93(1) of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 Furnished
(application by lessee to rent tribunal for extension of period lettings :
amendments
before notice to quit takes effect ) paragraph ( c ) ( no application relating to
may be made if the rent tribunal has previously granted an security of
extension of less than six months) shall be omitted.
tenure.
2A4
1971 с. 28.
1704 Rent Act 1974
с. 51
Rent
allowances.
1972 с. 47.
( 2) In section 95 of that Act ( reduction of period of notice on
account of lessee's default) at the end of paragraph ( c) of sub-
section ( 2) there shall be added the words66 or
( d ) that the condition of any furniture provided for the use
of the lessee under the contract has deteriorated owing
to any ill -treatment by the lessee or any person residing
or lodging with him ".
Supplementary
11.-( 1 ) On and after such day as the Secretary of State may
by order made by statutory instrument appoint, so much of
Part II of the Housing Finance Act 1972 (rent rebates and rent
allowances) as requires that, in order to qualify for an allowance,
a person occupying a dwelling under a Part VI letting must be
a qualified person, within the meaning of section 19(12) of that
Act, shall cease to have effect.
(2) The proviso to subsection (1) of section 25 of the Housing
Finance Act 1972 ( which, in the case of certain furnished lettings,
determines the rent which is eligible to be met by a rebate
or an allowance for the purposes of Schedule 3 to that Act)
shall cease to have effect on the commencement date.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) above, in the
case of a person who immediately before the commencement
date was a tenant under a Part VI letting, the provisions of sub-
section (4) below shall apply if , for an allowance period which
was current on or ended immediately before the commencement
date, the tenant was entitled to an allowance towards the rent
payable under the Part VI letting and, in calculating that
allowance for the last week of that period which ended before
the commencement date, the rent which, for the purposes of
Schedule 3 to the Housing Finance Act 1972, was eligible to be
met by a rebate or an allowance was that determined under
paragraph (a) of the proviso to section 25(1) of that Act (the
occupational element of the rent or of the residue of the rent
plus 25 per cent. ) .
( 4 ) If, by virtue of subsection (3) above, this subsection applies
in relation to a tenant, then, subject to subsection (5 ) below, on
and after the commencement date, if and so long as-
( a ) the tenant continues to occupy as his home the dwelling
to which, immediately before that date, the Part VI
letting referred to in subsection (3) above applied, and
( b) the tenant continues to be entitled to an allowance
towards the rent payable by him for that dwelling, and
( c ) that rent continues to include payment for the use of
furniture,
the rent which, for the purposes of Schedule 3 to the Housing
Finance Act 1972, is eligible to be met by a rebate or an allow-
ance shall, in his case, be the amount of the rent which was so
Rent Act 1974 1705
c. 51
eligible for the week mentioned in subsection ( 3) above (in this
section referred to as " the former eligible rent ") .
(5) For any week of an allowance period when, apart from
this subsection, subsection (4 ) above would apply in relation
to a tenant , that subsection shall cease to apply if-
(a ) the amount determined under section 25( 1 ) of the Hous- 1972 c. 47.
ing Finance Act 1972 as the rent which is eligible to be
met by a rebate or an allowance exceeds the former
eligible rent, or
( b) the rent recoverable from the tenant, exclusive of any
part thereof attributable to rates, is less than the
former eligible rent, or
( c) part of the dwelling is sub- let and the former eligible
rent either did not take account of the occupational
element of any rent payable by a sub- tenant or took
account of such an element which is less than the
occupational element of the rent payable for that week
by the sub-tenant,
and, accordingly, from the beginning of that week the rent
which is eligible to be met by a rebate or an allowance shall
be that determined as mentioned in paragraph (a ) above.
(6 ) In subsection ( 1 ) of section 25 of the Housing Finance
Act 1972 after the words " of the rent " there shall be inserted,
in substitution for the words there inserted by paragraph 17 of
Schedule 1 to the Furnished Lettings (Rent Allowances) Act 1973 с. 6.
1973, the words " (or if, in the case of an allowance, any amount
falls to be deducted by virtue of paragraph 14 of Schedule 4
to this Act, the occupational element of the residue of the rent
remaining after deducting those amounts) ".
( 7 ) Subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of the said section 25 shall be
amended as follows :
( a ) at the end of subsection (2) there shall be added the
words " and
( c ) less, in the case of an allowance, any amount
which, in the case of the tenant concerned, is pre-
scribed as a deduction by virtue of paragraph (c)
of subsection (3) below " ; and
(b) at the end of subsection (3) there shall be added the
words " and
(c) prescribe deductions from rent for the pur-
poses of subsection (2) (c) above in the case of tenants
of such descriptions as may be specified in the regu-
lations who are for the time being in receipt of
awards or grants under any provision of sections 1
to 3 of the Education Act 1962 or any other award
1706 Rent Act 1974
с. 51
1972 с. 47.
Rent
allowances
in Scotland.
or grant which is paid out of money provided by
Parliament and is determined by the Secretary of
State to be an analogous award or grant,
and different provision may be made by virtue of
paragraph (c) above in relation to different periods and
different classes of awards or grants " .
(8) In subsection ( 1) of section 26 of the Housing Finance
Act 1972 (interpretation of Part II) in the definition of " tenant
"
after paragraph (c ) there shall be inserted the following
paragraph : -
66 ( d ) a person who is treated as a private tenant under
a Part VI letting by virtue of subsection (8A) of section
19 of this Act ".
(9) The said section 26 shall apply in relation to subsections
(1) to (5) above as if those subsections were included in Part II
of the Housing Finance Act 1972 and, without prejudice to the
application of that section, the reference in subsection ( 3) above
to a tenant under a Part VI letting includes a reference to a
person who is treated as if he were a private tenant under a
Part VI letting by virtue of section 19(8A) of that Act and any
reference in that subsection or subsection (4) above to a Part
VI letting means, in relation to a person who is so treated, the
letting referred to in the said section 19(8A) .
12.-( 1 ) On and after such day as the Secretary of State
may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, so much
of section 16 of the Act of 1972 (rent allowances) as requires
that, for certain persons to be or to be treated as private tenants,
they must be qualified persons within the meaning of subsection
( 8) of that section, shall cease to have effect.
( 2) In paragraph 15( 1) ( g)(ii ) of Schedule 3 to the Act of 1972
( which provides that in ascertaining the amount of an allowance
in respect of a furnished letting a certain amount of rent pay-
able is to be disregarded) , the words " 125 per cent. of shall
cease to have effect on the commencement date.
(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection ( 2) above, in the
case of a person who immediately before the commencement
date was a tenant of a dwelling-house under a furnished letting,
the provisions of subsection ( 4 ) below shall apply, if , for an
allowance period which was current on or ended immediately
before that date, the tenant was entitled to an allowance towards
the rent payable under the furnished letting which was cal-
culated, for the last week of that period which ended before that
date, by reference to an amount of rent which, after making the
deduction (if any ) required by head (i ) of paragraph 15( 1 ) (g) of
Schedule 3 to the Act of 1972, was more than the estimated fair
rent referred to in head (ii) of that paragraph but not more than
125 per cent. of that estimated fair rent .
Rent Act 1974 1707
с. 51
( 4) If, by virtue of subsection (3) above, this subsection applies
in relation to a tenant, then, if and so long as he continues on
and after the commencement date to be-
( a) a tenant of the same dwelling-house under the same
letting (whether or not it continues to be a furnished
letting ) and
( b) entitled to an allowance towards the rent under the
letting concerned,
the allowance shall be calculated by reference to the amount of
rent referred to in subsection (3) above until-
(i ) the rent recoverable from the tenant for any week of an
allowance period is less than the amount referred to in
that subsection, or
(ii) the amount of rent by reference to which, but for this
subsection, the allowance for any such week would be
calculated is higher than the amount referred to in
subsection ( 3) above,
whichever is the earlier ; and as from the beginning of that
week the allowance shall be calculated by reference to the
amount of rent to which an authority would be entitled to have
regard but for this subsection.
( 5) Paragraph 17 of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1972 shall be
amended as follows-
(a ) in sub-paragraph (1) for the words " sub-paragraph (2)
"
below " there shall be substituted the words the
following provisions of this paragraph " ;
( b) at the end there shall be added the following sub-
paragraphs-
" ( 3) It shall be the duty of every authority, for
the purpose of computing the amount of an allow-
ance towards the rent payable by tenants of such
classes as may be prescribed who are for the time
being in receipt of-
(a) an award or grant, being a bursary, scholar-
ship or allowance granted under section
49 ( 1 ) or 75(f ) of the Education (Scotland) 1962 c. 47.
Act 1962, or
( b) any other award or grant which is paid
out of money provided by Parliament and
is determined by the Secretary of State to
be analagous to any such bursary, scholar-
ship or allowance,
to treat the rent as reduced by such amount as may
be prescribed.
( 4 ) In sub-paragraph (3) above " prescribed " means
prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of
State by statutory instrument which shall be subject
с. 51
1708 Rent Act 1974
1972 с. 46.
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 5) Regulations under this paragraph may make
different provision in relation to different periods
and different classes of awards or grants. "
( 6 ) In this section " the Act of 1972 " means the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ; and section 22 of the
Act of 1972 (interpretation of Part II of that Act ) shall apply in
relation to this section as if it were included in that Part.
Effect on
furnished 13.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to the operation of section 1 ( 1 )
above if, in a case where subsection ( 2) of section 18 of the Rent
sub-tenancy of determination Act 1968 or, as the case may require, section 17 of the Rent
ofsuperior unfurnished
( Scotland ) Act 1971 applies (effect on sub-tenancies of deter-
mination of superior tenancy), the relevant conditions are ful-
tenancy.
filled, the terms on which the sub-tenant is, by virtue of that
1968 с. 23.
subsection , deemed to become the tenant of the landlord shall
1971 с. 28 .
not include any terms as to the provision by the landlord of
furniture or services.
(2) The relevant conditions referred to in subsection (1) above
are-
(a ) that the tenancy or statutory tenancy which is deter-
mined as mentioned in the said section 18( 2) or, as the
case may require, 17(2) was neither a protected fur-
nished tenancy nor a statutory furnished tenancy ; and
( b) that, immediately before the determination of that
tenancy or statutory tenancy, the sub-tenant referred
to in that section was the tenant under a protected
furnished tenancy or a statutory furnished tenancy ;
and
( c) that the landlord, within the period of six weeks begin-
ning with the day on which the tenancy or statutory
tenancy referred to in that section is determined, serves
notice on the sub-tenant that this section is to apply
to his tenancy or statutory tenancy.
Power of
court , in
action for
possession,
to reduce
period of
notice to
quit .
14.-( 1 ) After section 80 of the Rent Act 1968 there shall be
inserted the following section : -
"Power of
80A. In any case where-
county
court, in
( a) a notice to quit a dwelling which is the
action for
subject of a Part VI contract has been
possession,
to reduce
served, and
period of
( b) the period at the end of which the notice to
notice to
quit.
quit takes effect is for the time being
extended by virtue of section 77 or section
78 above, and
Rent Act 1974 1709
c. 51
( c ) at some time during that period the lessor
institutes proceedings in the county court
for the recovery of possession of the dwell-
ing , and
( d ) in those proceedings the county court is satis-
fied that any of paragraphs (a) to (d ) of
section 80(2) above applies,
the court may direct that the period referred to in
paragraph (b) above shall be reduced so as to end at
a date specified in the direction. "
( 2 ) At the end of subsection ( 3) of section 106 of that Act
( rules as to procedure ) there shall be added the words " and
section 80A ".
( 3) After section 95 of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 there shall 1971 с. 28.
be inserted the following section : -
" Power of
95A. In any case where-
sheriff, in
action for
( a) a notice to quit a dwelling-house which is the
possession ,
subject of a Part VII contract has been
to reduce
periodof
served, and
notice to
( b) the period at the end of which the notice
quit .
to quit takes effect is for the time being
extended by virtue of section 92 or section
93 above, and
( c ) at some time during that period the lessor
institutes proceedings before the sheriff for
possession of the dwelling-house, and
( d ) in those proceedings the sheriff is satisfied
that any of paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of section
95(2) above applies,
the sheriff may direct that the period referred to in
paragraph (b) above shall be reduced so as to end
at a date specified in the direction. "
15.- (1) In this Act-
Interpretation .
"
commencement date " means the date on which this Act
comes into operation ;
66
dwelling ", in relation to a furnished letting, means a
house or part of a house ;
" furnished letting " means a Part VI contract, as defined
in section 70(6 ) of the Rent Act 1968 or, as the case 1968 c. 23.
may require, a Part VII contract, as defined in section
85(5) of the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 ;
" protected furnished tenancy ", " regulated furnished ten-
ود
ود
ancy and " statutory furnished tenancy shall be
construed in accordance with section 1(2) above ;
1710 Rent Act 1974
с. 51
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
Transitional
provisions
and repeals.
Short title,
citation,
application,
commence-
ment and
extent.
" the Rent Act " means, in relation to England and Wales,
the Rent Act 1968 and, in relation to Scotland, the
Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 ;
" the relevant Part of the Rent Act" means Part VI of the
Rent Act 1968 or, as the case may require, Part VII
of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 ; and
" services " has the same meaning as in the relevant Part
of the Rent Act.
(2) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, section 113( 1)
of the Rent Act 1968 or, as the case may require, section 133 ( 1)
of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 (interpretation ) shall apply
for the purposes of this Act other than sections 11 and 12 above
as it applies for the purposes of that Act.
( 3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be taken as
referring to that enactment as amended by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
16.-( 1 ) The transitional provisions in Schedule 3 to this
Act shall have effect, notwithstanding anything in the preceding
provisions of this Act.
( 2 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule but, in the case of the enactments specified in
Part II of that Schedule, only with effect from the day appointed
for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) of sections 11 and 12 above.
17.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Rent Act 1974.
(2) This Act and the Rent Act 1968 may be cited together
as the Rent Acts 1968 and 1974 .
( 3) This Act and the Rent (Scotland) Acts 1971 and 1972
may be cited together as the Rent ( Scotland ) Acts 1971 to 1974.
( 4) In section 115 of the Rent Act 1968 (application to Isles
ofScilly) -
(a ) in subsection (1), after the words " this Act " there
shall be inserted the words " and the Rent Act 1974 " ;
( b) at the end of paragraph (e) of subsection (2) there shall
be inserted the words " and
( f ) any provision of this Act which is derived
from the Rent Act 1974, other than a provision of
Part VI of this Act, and any other provision of the
Rent Act 1974 ".
( 5) This Act shall come into operation at the expiry of the
period of two weeks beginning with the date on which it is
passed.
Rent Act 1974 с. 51 1711
(6) Sections 3( 1), 4( 1) and (2), 6, 7, 8, 11 and 14(1 ) and (2)
of this Act and Part II of Schedules 1 and 2 to this Act do not
extend to Scotland and sections 3( 2), 4( 3) and ( 4), 9, 10, 12 and
14( 3) of this Act and Part III of Schedules 1 and 2 to this Act
extend to Scotland only.
(7) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
с. 51
1712 Rent Act 1974
Section 1 .
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF RENT Аст
PART I
AMENDMENTS OF SCHEDULE 3 TO RENT ACT
1. After Case 3 there shall be inserted the following Case : -
" Case 3A
Where the condition of any furniture provided for use under
the tenancy has, in the opinion of the court, deteriorated owing
to ill-treatment by the tenant or any person residing or lodging
with him or any sub-tenant of his and, in the case of any ill-
treatment by a person lodging with the tenant or a sub- tenant
of his, where the court is satisfied that the tenant has not, before
the making of the order in question, taken such steps as he ought
reasonably to have taken for the removal of the lodger or sub-
tenant, as the case may be. "
2. In the application of Case 5 (assignment or sub-letting by tenant
without landlord's consent ) to a regulated furnished tenancy, for the
reference to 8th December 1965 there shall be substituted a reference
to the commencement date.
3. In the application of Case 8 ( dwelling-house required for land-
lord or a member of his family ) to a dwelling-house subject to a
regulated furnished tenancy, for the reference to 23rd March 1965
there shall be substituted a reference to 24th May 1974.
4.- (1) In Case 9 (overcharging by tenant of his own sub-tenant)
( a) after the words " by the tenant " there shall be inserted " (a) "
and the word " also " shall be omitted ; and
( b ) subject to sub- paragraph ( 2 ) below, at the end of the Case
there shall be added the words " or
( b ) for any sublet part of the dwelling-house which
is subject to a contract to which Part VI of this Act
applies is or was in excess of the maximum (if any) which
it is lawful for the lessor, within the meaning of that Part,
to require or receive having regard to the provisions of
that Part".
( 2 ) In the application of sub-paragraph (1 )(b) above to Scotland
for the words " Part VI" there shall be substituted the words " Part
VII " .
5.- (1) In the application of Case 10 in Schedule 3 to the Rent Act
1968 or, as the case may be, Case 11 in Schedule 3 to the Rent
( Scotland ) Act 1971 (right of owner-occupier to regain possession)
to a dwelling-house subject to a regulated furnished tenancy, for the
reference to 8th December 1965 there shall be substituted a reference
to the commencement date.
Rent Act 1974 1713
c. 51
( 2 ) For the purposes of each of the Cases referred to in sub-
SCH. 1
paragraph (1 ) above, the giving of a notice before the commence-
ment date under section 79 of the Rent Act 1968 or, as the case 1968 c. 23.
maybe, section 94 of the Rent ( Scotland) Act 1971 (notice by owner- 1971 с. 28.
occupier to person taking up furnished letting ) shall be treated in the
case of a regulated furnished tenancy as compliance with paragraph
( a ) of the Case in question.
6. In Part III, in paragraph 2 ( definition of relevant date ) at the
beginning of sub-paragraph (a ) there shall be inserted the words
"
except in the case of a regulated furnished tenancy ", and after
that sub- paragraph there shall be inserted the following sub-
paragraph : -
"( aa ) in the case of a regulated furnished tenancy, if the
tenancy or, in the case of a statutory furnished tenancy, the
previous contractual tenancy was created before the commence-
ment date, within the meaning of the Rent Act 1974, the relevant
date means the date on which expires the period of six months
beginning on that commencement date ; and " .
7. In Part IV, in paragraph 3 (meaning of suitable alternative
accommodation) the following words shall be added at the end of
sub-paragraph ( 1) : -
" and that if any furniture was provided for use under the
protected or statutory tenancy in question, furniture is provided
for use in the accommodation which is either similar to that so
provided or is reasonably suitable to the needs of the tenant and
his family ".
PART II
AMENDMENTS OF PARTS IV, VIII AND IX OF RENT ACT 1968
8. In section 44(3) (circumstances in which applications may be
made for variation of registered rent ) after the words " terms of the
tenancy " there shall be inserted the words " the quantity, quality or
condition of any furniture provided for use under the tenancy
( deterioration by fair wear and tear excluded) ".
9.- (1 ) In section 46 ( determination of fair rent ) in subsection ( 1)
( circumstances to be considered in determining fair rent ) for the words
from " age " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the
words " age, character, locality and state of repair of the dwelling-
house and, if any furniture is provided for use under the tenancy, to
the quantity, quality and condition of the furniture " .
( 2) At the end of subsection ( 3) of that section ( factors to be
disregarded) there shall be inserted the words " and
( c ) if any furniture is provided for use under the regulated
tenancy, any improvement to the furniture by the tenant
under the regulated tenancy or any predecessor in title of
his or, as the case may be, any deterioration in the condition
с. 51
1714 Rent Act 1974
SCH. 1 of the furniture due to any ill -treatment by the tenant,
any person residing or lodging with him, or any sub-tenant
of his".
10. In the application of sections 93 to 95 (mortgages) to a dwelling-
house subject to a regulated tenancy which is a regulated furnished
tenancy, for any reference to 8th December 1965 there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the commencement date.
11. In section 103(1)(b) ( certain sublettings not to exclude any
part of the lessor's premises from protection ) for the words " attend-
ance or use of furniture " there shall be substituted the words " or
attendance " .
12. In section 105(1) ( county court jurisdiction to determine certain
questions) after paragraph ( d ) there shall be inserted the words "
or
( e ) as to whether a protected, statutory or regulated tenancy
is a protected, statutory or regulated furnished tenancy ".
13. In section 106(1) ( rules as to procedure ) after the words " this
Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Rent Act 1974 " .
14. In secion 107 (powers of local authorities for the purposes of
giving information) in subsection (1)(a)(iii) after the words " this Act "
there shall be inserted the words " and the Rent Act 1974 " .
15.- (1) In Schedule 6, in paragraph 10 (procedure on application
for registration of rent supported by certificate of fair rent ) in sub-
paragraph ( 1) after the words "
may be, whether " there shall be
inserted " (a) " and at the end of the sub-paragraph there shall be
inserted the words " and
( b) if any furniture is or is to be provided for use under a
regulated tenancy of the dwelling- house, the quantity,
quality and condition of the furniture in the dwelling- house
accords with the prescribed particulars contained in the
application for the certificate ".
( 2) In sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph after the words " may
be, that " there shall be inserted " (a) " and after the words " of the
certificate " there shall be inserted the words " and
( b) if any furniture is or is to be provided for use under a
regulated tenancy of the dwelling- house, the quantity, quality
and condition of the furniture in the dwelling-house accords
with the prescribed particulars contained in the application
for the certificate " .
16. In Schedule 7, in paragraph 1 ( form and content of applica-
tion for certificate of fair rent ) the word " and "
at the end of sub-
paragraph (b) shall be omitted and at the end of the paragraph there
shall be inserted the words " and
( d ) if any furniture is to be provided for use under a regulated
tenancy of the dwelling-house, must contain the prescribed
particulars with regard to any such furniture " .
Rent Act 1974 1715
c. 51
PART III SCH. 1
AMENDMENTS OF PARTS IV, IX AND X OF RENT (SCOTLAND) 1971 с. 28.
Аст 1971
17. In section 40( 3) (circumstances in which applications may be
made for variation of registered rent) after the words " terms of the
tenancy " there shall be inserted the words " the quantity, quality or
condition of any furniture provided for use under the tenancy (exclud-
ing any deterioration in that furniture due to fair wear and tear ) " .
18.- (1) In section 42 (determination of fair rent) in subsection ( 1)
( circumstances to be considered in determining fair rent) for the
66 "
words from age to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words 66
age, character, locality and state of repair
of the dwelling-house and, if any furniture is provided for use under
the tenancy, to the quantity, quality and condition of the furniture " .
( 2) In subsection (3) of that section (factors to be disregarded)
( a ) in paragraph ( b), after the word " improvement " there shall
be inserted the words " (including any improvement to the
furniture provided for use under the tenancy) " ;
( b ) at the end there shall be inserted the words " and
( c ) if any furniture is provided for use under the regulated
tenancy, any deterioration in the condition of the
furniture due to any ill-treatment by the tenant, any
person residing or lodging with him, or any sub-
tenant of his ".
19. In the application of sections 110 to 112 ( heritable securities)
to a dwelling-house subject to a regulated tenancy which is a regulated
furnished tenancy, for any reference to 8th December 1965 there
shall be substituted a reference to the commencement date.
20. In section 120(1)(b) (certain sublettings not to exclude any
part of the lessor's premises from protection) for the words " attend-
ance or use of furniture " there shall be substituted the words " or
attendance ".
21. In section 122(1) ( jurisdiction ) in paragraph ( a) after the words
" this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Rent Act 1974 ".
22. In section 124 ( rules as to procedure) after the words " this
Act" there shall be inserted the words or the Rent Act 1974 ".66
23. In section 125 (powers of local authorities for the purposes of
giving information) in subsection (1 )(a) after the word " 1965 " there
shall be inserted the word " and " and after the word " 1972 " there
shall be inserted the words " and the Rent Act 1974 ".
24.- (1 ) In Schedule 6, in paragraph 10 ( procedure on application .
for registration of rent supported by certificate of fair rent ) in sub-
paragraph ( 1) after the words " may be, whether " there shall be
с. 51
1716 Rent Act 1974
SCH. 1 inserted " ( a) " and at the end of the sub-paragraph there shall be
inserted the words " and
( b ) if any furniture is or is to be provided for use under a
regulated tenancy of the dwelling- house, the quantity,
quality and condition of the furniture in the dwelling-house
accords with the prescribed particulars contained in the
application for the certificate ".
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph after the words " may
be, that " there shall be inserted " ( a ) " and after the words " of the
certificate " there shall be inserted the words " and
( b) if any furniture is or is to be provided for use under a
regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house, the quantity.
quality and condition of the furniture in the dwelling-house
accords with the prescribed particulars contained in the
application for the certificate ".
25. In Schedule 7, in paragraph 1 (form and content of applica-
tion for certificate of fair rent ) the word " and" at the end of
sub-paragraph ( b) shall be omitted and at the end of the paragraph
there shall be inserted the words " and
( d ) if any furniture is to be provided for use under a regulated
tenancy of the dwelling-house, must contain the prescribed
particulars with regard to any such furniture " .
Section 2.
1968 с. 23.
SCHEDULE 2
TENANCIES GRANTED BY RESIDENT LANDLORDS
PART I
SECTION TO BE INSERTED AFTER SECTION 5 OF THE RENT Аст
1. The following section shall be inserted after section 5 of the
Rent Act 1968 :
"No
5A.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below, a tenancy of
protected
tenancy in
a dwelling-house which is granted on or after the com-
certain cases
mencement date, within the meaning of the Rent Act
where
1974, shall not be a protected tenancy at any time if-
landlord's
interest
(a ) the dwelling-house forms part only of a building
belongs to
and that building is not a purpose-built block
resident
offlats ; and
landlord.
( b ) the tenancy was granted by a person who, at the
time that he granted it , occupied as his residence
another dwelling-house which also forms part of
that building ; and
( c ) subject to subsection ( 2) below, at all times since
the tenancy was granted, the interest of the
landlord under the tenancy has belonged to a
person who, at the time he owned that interest,
occupied as his residence another dwelling- house
which also formed part of that building.
с. 51
Rent Act 1974 1717
( 2 ) In determining whether the condition in paragraph
( c ) of subsection (1) above is at any time fulfilled with
respect to a tenancy, there shall be disregarded-
( a ) any period of not more than 14 days beginning
with the date on which the interest of the
landlord under the tenancy becomes vested at
law and in equity in an individual who, during
that period, does not occupy as his residence
another dwelling-house which forms part of the
building concerned ;
( b ) if , within a period falling within paragraph (a)
above, the individual concerned notifies the
tenant in writing of his intention to occupy as
his residence another such dwelling-house as
is referred to in that paragraph, the period
beginning with the date on which the interest
of the landlord under the tenancy becomes
vested in that individual as mentioned in that
paragraph and ending-
(i ) at the expiry of the period of 6 months
beginning on that date, or
( ii ) on the date on which that interest ceases
to be so vested, or
(iii ) on the date on which the condition in
subsection ( 1 )(c ) above again applies,
whichever is the earlier ; and
( c ) any period of not more than 12 months begin-
ning with the date on which the interest of the
landlord under the tenancy becomes, and during
which it remains, vested
(i ) in the personal representatives of a
deceased person acting in that capacity ;
or
(ii ) in trustees as such ; or
(iii ) by virtue of section 9 of the Administra-
tion of Estates Act 1925, in the Probate
Judge, within the meaning of that Act.
( 3 ) During any period when-
( a ) the interest of the landlord under the tenancy
referred to in subsection (1) above is vested
in trustees as such, and
( b ) that interest is or, if it is held on trust for sale,
the proceeds of its sale are held on trust for any
person who occupies as his residence a dwelling-
house which forms part of the building referred
to in paragraph (a ) of that subsection,
the condition in paragraph ( c ) of that sub-section shall
be deemed to be fulfilled and, accordingly, no part of
that period shall be disregarded by virtue of subsection
( 2 ) above.
SCH. 2
c. 51
1718 Rent Act 1974
SCH. 2
1971 с. 28.
( 4 ) Throughout any period which, by virtue of sub-
section ( 2) above, falls to be disregarded for the purpose
of determining whether the condition in subsection ( 1)(c)
above is fulfilled with respect to a tenancy, no order shall
be made for possession of the dwelling- house subject to
that tenancy, other than an order which might be made
if that tenancy were or, as the case may be, had been
a regulated tenancy.
( 5 ) This section does not apply to a tenancy of a
dwelling- house which forms part of a building if-
( a ) the tenancy is granted to a person who,
immediately before it was granted , was a pro-
tected or statutory tenant of that dwelling- house
or of any other dwelling-house in that building,
or
( b) the tenancy is a tenancy for a term of years
certain and is granted to a person who,
immediately before it was granted, was the
tenant under an earlier tenancy of that dwelling-
house or any other dwelling- house in that build-
ing and, by virtue of this section, that earlier
tenancy was not a protected tenancy,
and for the purposes of this subsection a tenancy shall
be treated as being for a term of years certain notwith-
standing that it is liable to determination by re-entry or on
the happening of any event other than the giving of notice
by the landlord to determine the term.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section a building is a
purpose- built block of flats if as constructed it contained,
and it contains, two or more flats ; and for this purpose
66flat " means a dwelling-house which-
( a ) forms part only of a building ; and
( b ) is separated horizontally from another dwelling-
house which forms part of the same building.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section, a person shall be
treated as occupying a dwelling-house as his residence
if , so far as the nature of the case allows, he fulfils the
same conditions as, by virtue of section 3( 2) above, are
required to be fulfilled by a statutory tenant of a dweling-
house. "
2. The following section shall be inserted after section 5 of the
Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 : -
"No
protected
5A . (1 ) Subject to subsection (6 ) below, a tenancy of
tenancy
a dwelling- house which is granted on or after the com-
where
mencement date within the meaning of the Rent Act 1974
landlord's
shall not be a protected tenancy at any time if-
interest
belongs to
(a) the dwelling-house forms part only of a building
resident
and that building is not a purpose-built block
landlord.
offlats ; and
с. 51
Rent Act 1974 1719
( b) subject to subsection (2 ) below, the tenancy was
granted by a person who, at the time when he
granted it, occupied as his residence another
dwelling- house which also forms part of that
building ; and
( c ) subject to subsection (3) below, at all times since
the tenancy was granted, the interest of the land-
lord under the tenancy has belonged to a person
who, at the time he owned that interest, occupied
as his residence another dwelling-house which
also formed part of that building.
( 2 ) The condition in paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 1)
above shall be deemed to be fulfilled if the tenancy was
granted by trustees and, at the time when the tenancy
was granted, the interest of the landlord under the tenancy
thereby created was held on trust for a person who was
entitled to the liferent or to the fee or a share of the fee
of that interest and who occupied as his residence a
dwelling-house which forms part of the building referred
to in paragraph ( a ) of that subsection.
( 3) In determining whether the condition in paragraph
( c ) of subsection (1) above is at any time fulfilled with
respect to a tenancy, there shall be disregarded-
( a ) any period of not more than 14 days beginning
with the date of the conveyance of the interest
of the landlord under the tenancy to an individual
who, during that period, does not occupy as his
residence another dwelling-house which forms
part of the building concerned ;
(b) if, within a period falling within paragraph (a )
above, the individual concerned notifies the
tenant in writing of his intention to occupy as
his residence another such dwelling- house as is
referred to in that paragraph, the period begin-
ning with the date of the conveyance mentioned
in that paragraph and ending-
(i ) at the expiry of the period of 6 months
beginning on that date, or
( ii ) on the date on which the interest of the
landlord under the tenancy ceases to be
held by that individual, or
(iii ) on the date on which the condition in
subsection ( 1) (c) above again applies,
whichever is the earlier ; and
( c ) any period of not more than 12 months begin-
ning with the date of death of the landlord
under the tenancy during which the interest of
the landlord under the tenancy is vested in his
executor.
SCH. 2
1720 Rent Act 1974
c. 51
SCH. 2 ( 4) Throughout any period which, by virtue of sub-
section (3) above, falls to be disregarded for the purpose
of determining whether the condition in subsection ( 1) (c)
above is fulfilled with respect to a tenancy, no order for
possession of the dwelling-house subject to that tenancy
shall be made, other than an order which might be made
if that tenancy were or, as the case may be, had been a
regulated tenancy.
( 5 ) During any period when-
( a ) the interest of the landlord under the tenancy
referred to in subsection (1) above is vested in
trustees ; and
( b) that interest is held on trust for a person who is
entitled to the liferent or to the fee or a share
of the fee of that interest and who occupies as
his residence a dwelling- house which forms part
of the building referred to in paragraph (a) of
that subsection,
the condition in paragraph ( c) of that subsection shall be
deemed to be fulfilled and, accordingly, no part of that
period shall be disregarded by virtue of subsection (3)
above.
( 6 ) This section does not apply to a tenancy of a
dwelling-house which forms part of a building if the
tenancy is granted to a person who, immediately before
it was granted, was a protected or statutory tenant of
that dwelling- house or of any other dwelling- house in
that building .
( 7) For the purposes of this section, a person shall be
treated as occupying a dwelling- house as his residence if ,
so far as the nature of the case allows, he would be
regarded as retaining possession of the dwelling-house
for the purposes of paragraph (a ) of section 3(1) above if
he were such a person as is referred to in that paragraph .
( 8) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) a building is a purpose- built block of flats if , as
constructed it contained, and it contains, two
or more flats, and for this purpose " flat " has
the same meaning as in section 208(1 ) of the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966 ;
"
( b ) " conveyance includes the grant of a tenancy
and any other conveyance or transfer other than
upon death ;
( c ) " the date of the conveyance "
means the date on
which the conveyance was granted, delivered or
otherwise made effective."
Rent Act 1974 1721
с. 51
PART II
AMENDMENTS OF PART IX OF RENT ACT 1968
3. In section 101 of the Rent Act 1968 (provisions where tenant
shares accommodation with landlord ) in paragraph (c ) after the
words " paragraph (b) above " there shall be inserted the words or
"
by reason of those circumstances and the operation of section 5A of
this Act ".
4. After section 102 of that Act there shall be inserted the follow-
ing section : -
Applica- 102A. ( 1 ) If and so long as a tenancy is , by virtue
tionofPart only of section 5A of this Act, precluded from being a
VIto
tenancies
protected tenancy, it shall be treated for the purposes of
falling within
Part VI of this Act as a contract to which that Part
applies, notwithstanding that the rent may not include
section 5A.
payment for the use of furniture or for services .
( 2 ) In any case where-
( a ) a tenancy which, by virtue only of section 5A of
this Act, was precluded from being a protected
tenancy ceases to be so precluded and accord-
ingly becomes a protected tenancy, and
( b ) before it became a protected tenancy a rent was
registered for the dwelling concerned under
Part VI of this Act,
the amount which is so registered shall be deemed to be
registered under Part IV of this Act as the rent for the
dwelling- house which is let on that tenancy, and that
registration shall be deemed to take effect on the day the
tenancy becomes a protected tenancy.
( 3) Section 44(3) of this Act shall not apply to an
application for the registration under Part IV of this
Act of a rent different from that which is deemed to be
registered as mentioned in subsection ( 2) above.
( 4 ) The reference in section 45(1 )(b) of this Act to a
rent being registered for a dwelling-house does not include
a rent which is deemed to be registered as mentioned in
subsection (2) above.
( 5 ) If, immediately before a tenancy became a protected
tenancy as mentioned in subsection (2)(a) above, the rates
in respect of the dwelling concerned were borne as
mentioned in subsection ( 2A ) of section 74 of this Act
and the fact that they were so borne was noted as
required by that subsection, then, in the application of
Part IV of this Act in relation to the protected tenancy,
section 47(2) of this Act shall be deemed to apply.
( 6 ) If, in a case where a tenancy becomes a protected
tenancy as mentioned in subsection ( 2)(a) above, -
( a ) a notice to quit had been served in respect of
the dwelling concerned before the date on which
the tenancy became a protected tenancy, and
SCH. 2
1968 с. 23 .
с. 51
1722 Rent Act 1974
SCH. 2
1971 с. 28.
( b) the period at the end of which that notice to quit
takes effect had, before that date, been extended
under Part VI of this Act, and
(c ) that period has not expired before that date,
the notice to quit shall take effect on the day following
that date ( whenever it would otherwise take effect ) and,
accordingly, on that day the protected tenancy shall
become a statutory tenancy. "
PART III
AMENDMENTS OF PART X OF RENT (SCOTLAND) ACT 1971
5. In section 118 of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 (provisions where
tenant shares accommodation with landlord ) in paragraph (c ) after
the words " paragraph ( b ) above " there shall be inserted the words
66
or by reason of those circumstances and the operation of section
5A of this Act " .
6. After section 119 of that Act there shall be inserted the following
section : -
"Applica- tionof
119A.- (1) If and so long as a tenancy is, by virtue only
Part VII
of section 5A of this Act, precluded from being a protected
to tenancies
tenancy, it shall be treated for the purposes of Part VII
falling
of this Act as a contract to which that Part applies,
within
notwithstanding that the rent may not include payment
section 5A. for the use of furniture or for services.
( 2 ) In any case where-
( a ) a tenancy which, by virtue only of section 5A
of this Act, was precluded from being a protected
tenancy ceases to be so precluded and accord-
ingly becomes a protected tenancy, and
( b ) before it became a protected tenancy a rent was
registered for the dwelling-house concerned under
Part VII of this Act,
the amount which is so registered shall be deemed to be
registered under Part IV of this Act as the rent for the
dwelling-house which is let on that tenancy, and that
registration shall be deemed to take effect on the day
the tenancy becomes a protected tenancy.
( 3) Section 40( 3) of this Act shall not apply to an
application for the registration under Part IV of this Act
of a rent different from that which is deemed to be
registered as mentioned in subsection (2) above.
( 4 ) The reference in section 41(1)( b) of this Act to a
rent being registered for a dwelling-house does not include
a rent which is deemed to be registered as mentioned in
subsection (2) above.
( 5 ) If. immediately before a tenancy became a pro-
tected tenancy as mentioned in subsection ( 2)( a) above ,
the rates in respect of the dwelling-house were borne as
Rent Act 1974 1723
с .51
mentioned in subsection ( 2A ) of section 89 of this Act and
SCH. 2
the fact that they were so borne was noted as required
by that subsection, then, in the application of Part IV
of this Act in relation to the protected tenancy, section
43(2) of this Act shall be deemed to apply.
( 6 ) If, in a case where a tenancy becomes a protected
tenancy as mentioned in subsection ( 2)(a ) above, -
( a ) a notice to quit had been served in respect of the
dwelling-house concerned before the date on
which the tenancy became a protected tenancy,
and
( b) the period at the end of which that notice to quit
takes effect had, before that date, been extended
under Part VII of this Act, and
(c ) that period has not expired before that date,
the notice to quit shall take effect on the day following
that date ( whenever it would otherwise take effect) and,
accordingly, on that day the protected tenancy shall
become a statutory tenancy. "
SCHEDULE 3
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1.- (1 ) In any case where-
( a ) before the commencement date a dwelling was subject to
atenancy which is a furnished letting, and
( b) the dwelling forms part only of a building, and that building
is not a purpose- built block of flats within the meaning of
section 5A of the Rent Act 1968, and
(c ) on that date the interest of the lessor, within the meaning of
the relevant Part of the Rent Act, under the furnished
letting-
( i) belongs to a person who occupies as his residence
another dwelling which also forms part of that building, or
(ii ) is vested in trustees as such and is or , if it is held
on trust for sale, the proceeds of its sale are held on trust
for a person who occupies as his residence another
dwelling which also forms part of that building, and
( d ) apart from this paragraph the furnished letting would, on
the commencement date, become a protected furnished
tenancy,
the Rent Act shall apply, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, as if
the tenancy had been granted on the commencement date and as if
the condition in paragraph ( b) of section 5A(1) of the Rent Act 1968
were fulfilled in relation to the grant of the tenancy.
( 2 ) In the application of the Rent Act 1968 to a tenancy by virtue
of this paragraph-
( a ) subsection (5 ) of section 5A shall be omitted ; and
Section 16(1) .
1968 с. 23.
1724 Rent Act 1974
c. 51
SCH. 3
1925 с. 23.
1968 с. 23.
( b ) in section 102A any reference to section 5A of that Act
shall be construed as including a reference to this paragraph.
( 3) In any case where paragraphs (a), (b) and (d ) of sub-paragraph
(1) above apply but on the commencement date the interest referred
to in paragraph (c) of that sub- paragraph is vested-
(a ) in the personal representatives of a deceased person acting
in that capacity, or
( b ) by virtue of section 9 of the Administration of Estates Act
1925, in the Probate Judge, within the meaning of that Act,
or
( c ) in trustees as such,
then , if the deceased immediately before his death or, as the case
may be, the settlor immediately before the creation of the trust
occupied as his residence another dwelling which also formed part
of the building referred to in paragraph ( b) of sub-paragraph (1)
above, that sub-paragraph shall apply as if the condition in paragraph
( c ) thereof were fulfilled.
( 4 ) In the application of subsection (2) (c ) of section 5A of the
Rent Act 1968 in a case falling within sub-paragraph (3) above, any
period before the commencement date during which the interest of
the landlord is vested as mentioned in that subsection shall be
disregarded in calculating the period of 12 months specified therein.
2.- (1) In any case where
( a ) before the commencement date a dwelling-house was sub-
ject to a tenancy which is a furnished letting ; and
(b ) the dwelling-house forms part only of a building and that
building is not a purpose-built block of flats within the
meaning of section 5A of the Act of 1971 ; and
( c ) on that date the interest of the lessor, within the meaning
of Part VII of that Act , under the furnished letting-
( i ) belongs to a person who occupies as his residence
another dwelling-house which also forms part
of that building, or
(ii ) is vested in trustees and is held on trust for a
person who is entitled to the liferent or to the
fee or a share of the fee of that interest and
who occupies as his residence a dwelling-house
which forms part of that building ; and
( d ) apart from this paragraph the furnished letting would, on
the commencement date, become a protected furnished
tenancy,
the Act of 1971 shall apply, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below,
as if the tenancy had been granted on the commencement date and
as if the condition in paragraph ( b) of section 5A(1) of that Act
were fulfilled in relation to the grant of the tenancy.
( 2) In the application of the Act of 1971 to a tenancy by virtue
of this paragraph-
(a ) subsection (6 ) of section 5A shall be omitted ; and
с.51
Rent Act 1974 1725
( b) in section 119A any reference to section 5A shall be
SCH. 3
construed as including a reference to this paragraph.
( 3 ) In any case where paragraphs (a ), (b) and ( d ) of sub-paragraph
(1) above apply but on the commencement date the interest of the
lessor under the furnished letting is vested in the executor of a
deceased person, then, if that deceased person immediately before
his death occupied as his residence another dwelling-house which
also formed part of the building referred to in paragraph (b) of sub-
paragraph (1) above, that sub-paragraph shall apply as if the
condition in paragraph ( c ) thereof were fulfilled.
( 4 ) In the application of subsection (3)( c ) of section 5A of the
Act of 1971, in a case falling within sub-paragraph ( 3) above, any
period before the commencement date during which the interest
of the lessor is vested in the executor as mentioned in that sub-
section shall be disregarded in calculating the period of 12 months
specified in that subsection.
( 5 ) In this paragraph " the Act of 1971 " means the Rent 1971 c. 28.
(Scotland ) Act 1971 .
3.- (1 ) This paragraph applies where the tenancy of a dwelling-
house has come to an end before the commencement date and, if
it had come to an end after that date, it would have then been a
protected furnished tenancy.
( 2) No order for possession of the dwelling- house shall be made
which would not be made if the tenancy had been a protected
furnished tenancy at the time it came to an end.
( 3) Where a court has made an order for possession of the
dwelling-house before the commencement date but the order has not
been executed, the court, if of opinion that the order would not
have been made if the tenancy had been a protected furnished tenancy
when it came to an end, may, on the application of the person
against whom it was made, rescind or vary it in such manner as the
court thinks fit for the purpose of giving effect to section 1 of this
Act .
( 4 ) If the tenant under the tenancy which has come to an end
duly retains possession of the dwelling-house on the commencement
date without an order for possession having been made or after the
rescission of such an order, he shall be deemed to do so as a statutory
tenant under a regulated tenancy and, subject to sub-paragraph (8)
below , as a person who became the statutory tenant on the termina-
tion of a protected tenancy under which he was the tenant ; and,
subject to sub-paragraphs ( 6 ) and (7 ) below, the tenancy referred to
in sub-paragraph (1) above shall be treated, in relation to his statutory
tenancy, -
( a ) as the original contract of tenancy for the purposes of section
12 of the Rent Act (terms and conditions of statutory
tenancies) ; and
( b) as the previous contractual tenancy for the purposes of para-
graph 2 of Part III of Schedule 3 to the Rent Act.
c.51
1726 Rent Act 1974
SCH. 3
1968 с. 23.
1971 с. 28.
1972 с. 47.
( 5 ) In any case where-
(a ) immediately before the commencement date a rent is
registered for a dwelling under the relevant Part of the
Rent Act, and
( b ) on the commencement date a person becomes a statutory
tenant of that dwelling by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above,
the amount which is so registered under the relevant Part of the
Rent Act shall be deemed to be registered under Part IV of that Act
as the rent for that dwelling, and that registration shall be deemed
to take effect on the commencement date.
( 6 ) In England and Wales the High Court or the county court
may by order vary all or any of the terms of the statutory tenancy
imposed by sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above in any way appearing to the
court to be just and equitable, and whether or not in a way
authorised by the provisions of sections 23 and 24 of the Rent
Act 1968.
( 7 ) In Scotland the sheriff may by order vary all or any of the
terms of the statutory tenancy imposed by sub-paragraph (4) above
in any way appearing to him to be just and equitable, and whether
or not in a way authorised by the provisions of sections 22 and 23
of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 .
( 8 ) If on the commencement date the dwelling-house is occupied
by a person who would, if the tenancy had been a protected tenancy,
have been the " first successor " as defined in paragraph 4 of Schedule
1 to the Rent Act-
( a) an application under sub-paragraph (3) above may be made
by that person, and
(b) sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above shall apply where that person
retains possession as it applies where the tenant retains
possession, except that he shall be the first successor, as
so defined.
4 .- (1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with
respect to the period beginning on the commencement date and end-
ing on the day appointed for the purposes of subsecton (1) of section
11 of this Act, and in the following provisions of this paragraph
that period is referred to as " the interim period ".
( 2 ) During the interim period every allowance scheme (including
an allowance scheme which is the model scheme, as defined in section
20(7) of the Housing Finance Act 1972) shall be deemed to be varied
to such extent as is necessary to take account of the provisions of
subsections (2) to ( 5) of section 11 of this Act and of the repeals
of provisions of Part II of that Act contained in Part I of Schedule 4
to this Act.
( 3) No account shall be taken for the purposes of section 24 of
the Housing Finance Act 1972 (publicity for schemes ) of any deemed
variation of a scheme which is effected by sub- paragraph ( 2) above.
( 4) Where, during the interim period, an authority vary their
allowance scheme to take account of the provisions of the subsections
Rent Act 1974 1727
c. 51
and of the repeals referred to in sub- paragraph ( 2 ) above, the
SCH. 3
variation shall not take effect until the day appointed as mentioned
in sub-paragraph (1) above.
( 5) At any time within the interim period an authority may vary
their allowance scheme, with effect from the day appointed as
mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) above, to take account of the modi-
fications of Part II of the Housing Finance Act 1972 effected on 1972 с. 47.
and after that day by subsection (1) of section 11 of, and Part II
ofSchedule 4 to, this Act.
( 6 ) In this paragraph " allowance scheme " and " authority " have
the same meanings as in Part II of the Housing Finance Act 1972.
5. Subsection ( 3) of section 20 of the Housing Finance Act 1972
( proposals for regulations varying Schedules 3 and 4 to that Act
to be referred to the Advisory Committee on Rent Rebates and
Rent Allowances ) shall not apply to regulations which are
( a ) made within the period of three months beginning on the
commencement date ; and
( b ) expressed to be made for the purpose of making in either
of those Schedules variations consequential upon provision
made by virtue of paragraph (c) of section 25( 3) of that
Act (as set out in section 11( 7 ) of this Act) .
6.-(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with
respect to the period beginning on the commencement date and
ending on the day appointed for the purposes of subsection (1) of
section 12 of this Act, and in the following provisions of this para-
graph that period is referred to as " the interim period ".
( 2 ) During the interim period every allowance scheme (including
an allowance scheme which is the model scheme as defined in
section 17( 5) of the Act of 1972 ) shall be deemed to be varied to
such extent as is necessary to take account of the provisions of
subsections ( 2) to ( 4) of section 12 of this Act.
( 3) No account shall be taken for the purposes of section 19(2)
of the Act of 1972 (publicity for allowance schemes) of any deemed
variation of a scheme which is effected by sub-paragraph ( 2) above.
( 4 ) Where, during the interim period, an authority vary their
allowance scheme to take account of the provisions of the subsections
referred to in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above, the variation shall not take
effect until the day appointed as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)
above.
( 5 ) At any time within the interim period an authority may vary,
with effect from the day appointed as mentioned in sub-paragraph
( 1) above, their allowance scheme to take account of the modifica-
tions of section 16 of the Act of 1972 effected on and after that day
by subsection (1) of section 12 of this Act.
( 6 ) In this paragraph " the Act of 1972 " means the Housing 1972 c. 46.
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ; and " allowance scheme "
and " authority " have the same meanings as in Part II of the Act
of1972.
c .51
1728 Rent Act 1974
Section 16( 2 ) . SCHEDULE 4
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
REPEALS TAKING EFFECT ON COMMENCEMENT
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1968 с. 23. 1971 с. 28.
1972 с. 46.
1972 с. 47.
1973 с. 6.
The Rent Act 1968 .
In section 2(3) the words "or
the use of furniture ", " or
use of furniture" and "or
theuse ".
Section73 ( 3).
In section 75, in subsection ( 1)
the words " on the ground
of change of circumstances"
and subsection ( 2).
Section 78(1)(c).
In Schedule 3, in Case 9, the
word "also".
In Schedule 7, in paragraph 1
the word "and" at the end
of sub-paragraph (b ) .
The Rent ( Scotland ) Act In section 2( 3) the words "or
1971 . the use of furniture", " or
use of furniture " and "or
the use ".
In section 88( 3) the words " or
this section as extended by
section 90 below ".
In section 89( 2) the words " or
that section as extended by
section 90 below ".
In section 90, in subsection (1)
"
the words on the ground
of change of circumstances"
and subsection (2 ) .
Section 93( 1 ) (c).
In Schedule 3, in Case 9, the
word"also " .
In Schedule 7, in paragraph 1
the word "and " at the end
ofsub- paragraph(b) .
The Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1972.
TheHousing Finance Act
1972.
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 15
(1) (g) (ii) the words "125
per cent. of ".
In section 23, in subsection (1)
the words " or making orders
under section 25( 3A ) of this
Act ".
In section 25, in subsection (1)
the proviso, subsection (3A)
and in subsection (4 ) the
words "and orders".
Section 89.
The Furnished Lettings
( Rent Allowances) Act
1973.In Schedule 1, paragraphs 17,
19 and 20.
Rent Act 1974 1729
c.51
PART II
REPEALS TAKING EFFECT ON DAY APPOINTED UNDER SUBSECTION (1)
OF SECTIONS 11 AND 12
Chapter Short Title
1972с. 46. The Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1972
SCH. 4
1972 с. 47.
1973 с. 6.
Extent of Repeal
In section 16, in subsections
(3), ( 5) and ( 7) the words
"being a qualified person
within the meaning of sub-
section ( 8) of this section",
and subsections ( 8), ( 9) and
( 10 ) .
The Housing Finance In section 19, in subsections
Act 1972.
( 4 ) and ( 6 ) the words "being
aqualified person within the
meaning of subsection (12 )
below ", in subsection (8A )
paragraph (b) and the word
" and " immediately preced-
ing it and subsections (12 )
to( 14 ) .
In section 23, in subsection (1)
the words from "or to the
descriptions" to the end of
the subsection.
In section 24, in subsection
( 10 ) the words from "or to
a person " to "would be a
private tenant" and in sub-
section (11) the words from
"or for a person " to "would
be a private tenant of a
The Furnished Lettings
( Rent Allowances) Act
1973.
dwelling ".
In Schedule 1, paragraphs 10
and12.
Part II
2B
c. 52 1731
PANSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Trade Union and Labour
Relations Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 52
An Act to repeal the Industrial Relations Act 1971 ; to
make provision with respect to the law relating to
trade unions, employers' associations, workers and
employers, including the law relating to unfair
dismissal, and with respect to the jurisdiction and
procedure of industrial tribunals; and for connected
purposes. [ 31st July 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Repeal of Industrial Relations Act 1971
1.- (1 ) The Industrial Relations Act 1971 is hereby Repeal of
repealed. Industrial
Relations Act
( 2) Nevertheless, Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect for 1971 and
re- enactment
re -enacting, with amendments consequential on the following ofcertain
sections of this Act and other amendments, the under- mentioned provisions.
provisions of that Act, that is to say-
1971 с. 72.
(a ) Part I of that Schedule so re-enacts sections 2 to 4
( code of practice) ;
(b) Part II of that Schedule so re- enacts sections 22 to 33
(unfair dismissal) ;
(c) Part III of that Schedule so re - enacts sections 100, 106,
116, 118 and 159 and Schedule 6 ( jurisdiction and
procedure of industrial tribunals and other provisions
with respect to those tribunals) ; and
2B2
1732 Status of trade
unions.
1948 с. 38.
1896 с. 25.
1965 с. 12.
с. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
(d ) Part IV so re - enacts sections 146, 148, 149, 150, 151 ,
155, 161 and 162 ( conciliation officers, and miscel-
laneous and supplementary provisions).
(3) The repeal by this section of the following provisions of
the 1971 Act, that is to say, sections 7( 2) and ( 3) , 11 to 18, 31,
32, 37 to 55, 76, 77, 99, 101 to 105, 111, 112, 114, 115, 129,
136, 138 to 145 and 160 and Schedule 1 ( jurisdiction, functions
and constitution of the National Industrial Relations Court) shall
take effect on the passing of this Act and on the passing of this
Act that Court is hereby abolished.
Status and regulation of trade unions and employers '
associations
2.- (1) A trade union which is not a special register body
shall not be, or be treated as if it were, a body corporate, but-
( a ) it shall be capable of making contracts ;
( b ) all property belonging to the trade union shall be
vested in trustees in trust for the union ;
( c ) subject to section 14 below , it shall be capable of suing
and being sued in its own name, whether in proceed-
ings relating to property or founded on contract or tort
or any other cause of action whatsoever ;
( d ) proceedings for any offence alleged to have been com-
mitted by it or on its behalf may be brought against
it in its own name ; and
(e ) any judgment, order or award made in proceedings of
any description brought against the trade union on or
after the commencement of this section shall be
enforceable, by way of execution, diligence, punish-
ment for contempt or otherwise, against any property
held in trust for the trade union to the like extent
and in the like manner as if the union were a body
corporate.
(2) A trade union which is not a special register body shall
not be registered as a company under the Companies Act 1948
and accordingly any registration of any such union under that
Act ( whenever effected) shall be void.
( 3) No trade union shall be registered under the Friendly
Societies Act 1896 or the Industrial and Provident Societies
Act 1965 and accordingly any registration of a trade union
under either of those Acts ( whenever effected) shall be void.
( 4 ) A trade union (other than a special register body ) which,
immediately before the commencement of this section, was a
body corporate shall, on that commencement, cease to be a body
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1733
corporate and the provisions of section 19 below (as well as this
section and section 4 below) shall apply to the trade union on
and after that commencement.
( 5) The purposes of any trade union which is not a special
register body and, in so far as they relate to the regulation of
relations between employers or employers' associations and
workers, the purposes of any trade union which is such a body,
shall not, by reason only that they are in restraint of trade, be
unlawful so as-
( a ) to make any member of the trade union liable to
criminal proceedings for conspiracy or otherwise ; or
( b) to make any agreement or trust void or voidable ;
nor shall any rule of a trade union which is not a special register
body or, in so far as it so relates, any rule of any other trade
union be unlawful or unenforceable by reason only that it is in
restraint of trade.
3.- (1 ) An employers' association may be either a body Status of
corporate or an unincorporated association.
employers' associations.
( 2) Where an employers' association is unincorporated-
( a) it shall be capable of making contracts ;
(b) all property belonging to the employers' association
shall be vested in trustees in trust for the association ;
( c) subject to section 14 below, it shall be capable of suing
and being sued in its own name, whether in proceed-
ings relating to property or founded on contract or
tort or any other cause of action whatsoever ;
( d ) proceedings for any offence alleged to have been com-
mitted by it or on its behalf may be brought against
it in its own name ; and
( e) any judgment, order or award made in proceedings of
any description brought against the employers'
association on or after the commencement of this
section shall be enforceable, by way of execution,
diligence, punishment for contempt or otherwise,
against any property held in trust for the employers'
association to the like extent and in the like manner
as if the association were a body corporate.
( 3) Any employers' association which became a body cor-
porate by virtue of section 74 of the 1971 Act shall cease to be
a body corporate by virtue of that section at the expiration of
the period of six months beginning with the commencement of
this section and the provisions of section 19 below ( as well as
this section and section 4 below ) shall apply to it on and after
2B3
1734 c . 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
1948 с. 38.
the expiration of that period, unless before the expiration of
that period it has again become a body corporate.
( 4) Nothing in section 434 of the Companies Act 1948 (asso-
ciations of over twenty members for certain purposes must be
incorporated or otherwise formed in special ways) shall be taken
to prevent the formation of an employers' association which is
neither registered as a company under that Act nor otherwise
incorporated.
( 5) The purposes of an unincorporated employers' association
and, in so far as they relate to the regulation of relations between
employers and workers or trade unions, the purposes of an
employers' association which is a body corporate, shall not, by
reason only that they are in restraint of trade, be unlawful so
as-
( a) to make any member of the association liable to
criminal proceedings for conspiracy or otherwise ; or
( b) to make any agreement or trust void or voidable ;
nor shall any rule of an unincorporated employers' association
or, in so far as it so relates, any rule of an employers' associa-
tion which is a body corporate be unlawful or unenforceable
by reason only that it is in restraint of trade.
Supple-
4.- (1) Sections 39 and 40 of the Trustee Act 1925 and
mentary
sections 38 and 39 of the Trustee Act ( Northern Ireland) 1958
provisions about
( vesting of property on retirement of trustee or appointment of
property of
new trustee) shall, in their application to trustees in whom any
trade unions
property is vested in trust for a trade union or an unincor-
and
porated employers' association to which this subsection applies,
unincorporated each have effect as if for any reference to a deed there were
employers' associations.
substituted a reference to an instrument in writing and as if in
subsection (4) of section 40 of the said Act of 1925 and of
1925 с. 19.
1958 с. 23
section 39 of the said Act of 1958 paragraphs ( a) and (c) were
omitted.
( Ν.Ι. ).
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above applies to a trade union (other than
a special register body ) and to an unincorporated employers'
association whose name is (in either case) for the time being
entered in the list of trade unions or of employers' associations
under section 8 below.
( 3) An instrument in writing appointing a new trustee of a
trade union or unincorporated employers' association to which
subsection ( 1 ) above applies is referred to in this section as an
" instrument of appointment " and an instrument in writing
discharging a trustee of such a union or association is referred
to as an " instrument of discharge " ; and for the purposes of
this section (and the sections of the Acts of 1925 and 1958
applied by subsection (1) above), where a trustee of such a union
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1735
or association is appointed or discharged by a resolution taken
by or on behalf of the union or association, the written record
of the resolution shall be treated as if it were the instrument in
writing appointing or, as the case may be, discharging that
trustee.
( 4 ) Where by any enactment or instrument the transfer of
securities of any description is required to be effected or
recorded by means of entries in a register, then, if-
( a) there is produced to the person who is authorised or
required to keep the register, a copy of an instrument
of appointment or of an instrument of discharge which
contains or has attached to it a list identifying the
securities of that description held in trust for the union
or association to which the instrument relates at the
date of the appointment or discharge ;
and
( b) it appears to that person that any of the securities
so identified are included in the register kept by him,
he shall, notwithstanding anything in section 75 or 117 of the
Companies Act 1948 or any other enactment or instrument 1948 c. 38.
regulating the keeping of the register, make such entries as may
be necessary to give effect to the instrument of appointment or
of discharge.
( 5) A document which purports to be a copy of an instru-
ment of appointment or of an instrument of discharge containing
or having attached to it such a list and to be certified to be a
copy of such an instrument in accordance with subsection (6)
below shall be taken to be a copy of such an instrument unless
the contrary is proved.
(6) The certificate referred to in subsection (5) above shall
be given by the president and general secretary ( or persons
occupying positions equivalent to those of president and general
secretary) of the union or association to which the instrument
relates and, in the case of an instrument to which the list of
securities is attached, shall appear both on the instrument and
onthe list.
( 7) Nothing done for the purposes of or in pursuance of sub-
section (4) above shall be taken to affect any person with
notice of any trust or to impose on any person a duty to inquire
into any matter.
( 8) In relation to a trade union or an employers' associ-
ation whose principal office is situated in Scotland, references
in this section to the appointment and to the discharge of a
trustee shall be construed as including respectively references
to the assumption and to the resignation of a trustee, and refer-
ences to an instrument appointing, and to an instrument
discharging, a trustee shall be construed accordingly.
2 B4
1736 c . 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
Rights of
workers as
to arbitrary or
unreasonable
exclusion or
expulsion from trade
union.
5.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every
worker shall have the right not to be-
(a ) excluded from membership,
( b) expelled from membership,
of a trade union or a branch or section of a trade union by
way of arbitrary or unreasonable discrimination.
( 2) The exclusion or expulsion of a worker from member-
ship of a union, branch or section shall not be deemed to be
arbitrary or unreasonable if the worker is of a description
different from that or those of the majority of the members of
that union, branch or section ( as the case may be) or does not
possess the appropriate qualifications for such membership.
( 3) A worker aggrieved by his exclusion or expulsion from
any trade union, branch or section may apply to an industrial
tribunal in accordance with industrial tribunal regulations for
a declaration that he is entitled to be a member of that union,
branch or section .
( 4) Where any such declaration has been made and has
not been implemented by the union, branch or section con-
cerned within any period specified in the declaration or if no
such period is specified within a reasonable period, the worker
may apply to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of
Session for an injunction, interdict or such other relief (includ-
ing compensation) as the Court may think just and expedient
in all the circumstances of the case.
(5 ) Nothing in this section or section 2(5) above shall pre-
judice or in any way reduce the common law rights of a person
who has applied to join, but not been given membership of,
or who claims to be and to remain a member of , or who has
been expelled from, a trade union.
Provisions
6.- (1 ) The rules of every trade union and employers'
as to rules
association shall contain provisions in respect of the matters
oftrade
mentioned in the following subsections of this section .
unions and
employers' associations.
( 2 ) The rules must specify the name of the trade union or
employers' association, the address of its principal office and
the objects for which it was established.
(3) The rules must make provision as to the purposes for
which, and the manner in which, any property or funds of the
trade union or employers' association are authorised to be
applied or invested.
( 4 ) If any financial benefits are to be available for members
of the trade union or employers' association out of its property
or funds, the rules must make provision as to the amounts of
those benefits and the circumstances in which they are to be
available to members .
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1737
( 5) The rules must specify the manner in which any rules
of the trade union or employers' association can be made,
altered or revoked.
( 6) The rules must make provision for the election or
appointment of officers and for the manner in which officers
can be removed from office.
( 7) The rules must make provision-
( a) for the election of a governing body and for its
re - election at reasonable intervals ;
( b) for the manner in which members of the governing
body can be removed from office.
( 8) If the trade union or employers' association has officials
( whether they are shop stewards, workplace representatives or
other officials ) who are not officers of the trade union or em-
ployers' association, the rules must make provision for their
election or appointment and for the manner in which they can
be removed from office.
(9) The rules must make provision as to the manner in which,
for any purposes of the trade union or employers' association,
elections are to be held or ballots taken, including the
following: -
( a ) notification of vacancies and qualification of candi-
dates ;
( b) making of nominations ;
( c) canvassing or content of election addresses, where these
are permitted ;
( d ) eligibility for voting in any such election or ballot ;
( e) procedure preparatory to any election or ballot ;
( f ) the procedure for counting and scrutiny of the votes
and ballot papers ; and
( g) the procedure for the declaration or notification of the
result of any such election or ballot.
(10 ) The rules must specify the descriptions of persons who
are eligible for membership of the trade union or employers'
association or a branch or section of the trade union or em-
ployers' association and the procedure for dealing with applica-
tions for membership, including provision for appeals against
decisions of the committee or other body responsible for deter-
mining such applications.
(11) The rules must specify-
( a ) the offences for which the trade union or employers'
association is entitled under the rules to expel a mem-
ber or take other disciplinary action, and the penalties
applicable for each of those offences ;
1738 с. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
( b) the procedure for the hearing of cases in which offences
against the rules are alleged ; and
( c) the procedure with respect to appeals against any deci-
sion on any such hearing.
(12 ) The rules must prescribe a procedure for settling dis-
putes between a member and the trade union or employers'
association or an officer of the trade union or employers' asso-
ciation.
( 13) In making provision for any hearing or a determination
of any question, whether in relation to an alleged offence, an
appeal or a dispute, the rules shall be so framed as not to
depart from, or permit any departure from, the rules of natural
justice.
Right to terminate
membership
oftrade
unions.
7. Every member of a trade union, or branch or section
thereof, shall have the right, on giving reasonable notice and
complying with any reasonable conditions, to terminate his
membership at any time of the trade union or branch or section
thereof.
Lists of trade
8.- (1) The Registrar of Friendly Societies (in this Act
unions and
referred to as the Registrar ) shall maintain a list of trade unions
employers' associations.
and a list of employers' associations containing the names of
those organisations which are entitled to have their names
entered therein under the following provisions of this section.
( 2) The Registrar shall enter in the list of trade unions or
employers' associations, as the case may be, the name of every
organisation of workers or of employers which-
( a ) was on 30th September 1971 registered (whether by
that or any other name) as a trade union under the
Trade Union Acts 1871 to 1964 ; or
( b) has since that date been formed by the amalgamation
of a number of such organisations each of which was
so registered ; or
( c ) was immediately before the commencement of this
section affiliated to the Trades Union Congress ; or
( d ) was immediately before that commencement registered
as a trade union under section 68( 4) of the 1971 Act
or as an employers' association under section 72(4)
of thatAct ;
except an organisation which appears to him not to be a trade
union or, as the case may be, employers' association within the
meaning of this Act.
( 3) Any organisation of workers or of employers, whenever
formed, whose name is not entered in the relevant list may apply
to the Registrar to have its name so entered and, subject to
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c.52 1739
subsection ( 5) below, the Registrar shall, if satisfied that the
organisation is a trade union or employers' association and that
subsection ( 4) below has been complied with, enter the name
of that organisation in the relevant list.
( 4) An application under subsection (3) above shall be made
in such form and manner as the Registrar may require and be
accompanied by a fee of £10 or such other fee as may be
prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State and
also by-
( a) a copy of the rules of the organisation ;
(b) a list of its officers ;
( c ) the address of its head or main office ; and
( d ) the name under which it is or is to be known.
(5) The Registrar shall not under subsection (3) above enter
the name of an organisation in the relevant list if that name
is-
( a) the same as a name under which another organisation
was registered as a trade union under the Trade Union
Acts 1871 to 1964 on 30th September 1971 or was
registered at any time as a trade union or employers'
association under the 1971 Act or is for the time
being entered in either list ; or
( b) a name so nearly resembling any such name as to be
likely to deceive the public.
( 6) If it appears to the Registrar, whether on application
made to him or otherwise, that an organisation whose name is
entered in the relevant list is not a trade union or employers'
association or that its rules do not comply with the provisions
of this Act, he may remove its name from the relevant list, but
shall not do so without giving the organisation notice of his
intention to do so and without considering any representations
made to him by the organisation during a period specified in the
notice ( being not less than twenty- eight days beginning with the
date of the notice).
( 7 ) Any organisation aggrieved by the refusal of the Registrar
to enter its name in the relevant list or by a decision of his to
remove its name from that list may appeal to the High Court,
or in Scotland the Court of Session, within the time and in
the manner directed by rules of court ; and on any such appeal
the Court, if satisfied that that name should be or remain so
entered, shall declare that fact and give directions to the
Registrar accordingly.
( 8) Rules of court may provide for excluding, in the case of
appeals under subsection (7) above, so much of section 63 ( 1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation ) Act 1925 as 1925 c. 49.
1740 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
1896 с. 25.
requires appeals to the High Court to be heard and determined
by a divisional court ; but no appeal to the Court of Appeal
shall be brought against a decision of the High Court on an
appeal under that subsection except with the leave of the High
Court or the Court of Appeal.
( 9) The Registrar shall at all reasonable hours keep available
for public inspection (free of charge) copies of the lists of trade
unions and employers' associations, as for the time being in
force, and a copy of each list shall be included in the annual
report made by the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies under
section 6 of the Friendly Societies Act 1896.
(10) On the application of any organisation whose name is
included in the list of trade unions or employers' associations
the Registrar shall issue it with a certificate that its name is
included in the relevant list ; and any document purporting to
be such a certificate shall be evidence (and in Scotland sufficient
evidence) that the name of the organisation is entered in the
relevant list and that the organisation is a trade union or
employers' association, as the case may be.
Application of existing
9.-( 1 ) An enactment passed, or an instrument made under
an enactment, before the commencement of this section which
Acts referring
refers (or is to be construed as referring ) to a trade union
to registered trade unions,
registered under the Trade Union Acts 1871 to 1964 or a trade
employers' associations,
union or employers' association registered under the 1971 Act,
shall, on and after that commencement, have effect as if it
etc.
referred to a trade union or employers' association within the
meaning of this Act.
(2) Where an enactment passed, or an instrument made under
an enactment, before the commencement of this section refers
( or is to be construed as referring) to an organisation of workers
or to an organisation of employers (within the meaning of the
1971 Act) , it shall, on and after that commencement, have effect
as if it referred to a trade union or an employers' association, as
the case may be.
(3) Subsections ( 1) and (2) above shall not apply to any enact-
1970 с. 10.
ment contained in the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
or any other enactment relating to income tax or corporation
tax.
Duty to keep accounting
10.-( 1) This section applies to every trade union and every
employers ' association except one which consists wholly or
records.
mainly of representatives of constituent or affiliated organisa-
tions (of the description referred to in subsection ( 1 ) (b)(ii ) or
subsection (2) (b) (ii) of section 28 below) .
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1741
( 2) Every trade union and every employers' association to
which this section applies shall-
( a) cause to be kept proper accounting records with respect
to its transactions and its assets and liabilities ; and
( b ) establish and maintain a satisfactory system of control
of its accounting records, its cash holdings and all its
receipts and remittances.
( 3) For the purposes of paragraph (a) above proper account-
ing records shall not be taken to be kept with respect to the
matters mentioned in that paragraph if there are not kept such
records as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state
of the affairs of the trade union or employers' association and to
explain its transactions .
( 4) Where a trade union or employers' association consists of
or includes branches or sections, then-
( a) any duty falling upon the union or association in rela-
tion to a branch or section under this section shall be
treated as having been discharged to the extent to which
a branch or section discharges that duty instead of the
union or association ; and
( b) any duty falling upon a branch or section under this
section by reason of its being a trade union or em-
ployers' association shall be treated as having been
discharged to the extent to which the union or associa-
tion of which it is a branch or section discharges that
duty instead of the branch or section.
11 .-(1 ) This section applies to every trade union and Duties as to
every employers' association to which section 10 above applies annual
except a union or association which has been in existence for returns,
less than 12 months. auditors and
members'
(2) Every trade union and every employers' association to superannua-
which this section applies shall send the Registrar as respects
tion schemes.
every calendar year a return relating to its affairs .
(3) Every trade union and every employers' association to
which this section applies shall appoint an auditor or auditors
to audit the accounts contained in its annual return.
( 4 ) Every trade union and every employers' association to
which this section applies shall at the request of any person,
supply him with a copy of its rules and of its most recent annual
return either free of charge or on payment of a reasonable
charge.
(5) The Registrar shall at all reasonable hours keep available
for public inspection, either free of charge or on payment of a
reasonable charge, copies of all annual returns sent to him under
this section.
1742 Offences.
c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
(6) The provisions of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act shall
have effect with respect to the annual return and to the qualifica-
tions, appointment, removal and functions of auditors of trade
unions and employers' associations to which this section applies.
( 7) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act shall
have effect with respect to members' superannuation schemes
maintained or to be maintained by trade unions or employers'
associations to which this section applies .
(8) Where a trade union or employers' association consists of
or includes branches or sections, then-
( a) any duty falling upon the union or association in rela-
tion to a branch or section under this section or
Schedule 2 to this Act shall be treated as having been
discharged to the extent to which a branch or section
discharges that duty instead of the union or association ;
and
( b) any duty falling upon a branch or section under this
section or Schedule 2 to this Act by reason of its being
a trade union or employers' association shall be treated
as having been discharged to the extent to which the
union or association of which it is a branch or section
discharges that duty instead of the branch or section.
12. ( 1 ) If a trade union or an employers' association refuses
or wilfully neglects to perform a duty imposed on it by or under
any of the provisions of section 10 or 11 above or Schedule 2 to
this Act the trade union or employers' association shall be guilty
of an offence.
(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, any offence committed by
a trade union or an employers' association under subsection ( 1)
above shall be deemed to have been also committed by-
(a) every officer of that trade union or employers' associa-
tion who is bound by the rules of the union or associa-
tion to discharge on its behalf the duty breach of which
constitutes that offence ; or
(b) if there is no such officer, every member of the general
committee of management of the union or association.
( 3) In any proceedings brought against an officer or member by
virtue of subsection ( 2) above in respect of any breach of duty,
it shall be a defence for him to prove that he had reasonable
cause to believe, and did believe, that some other person who was
competent to discharge that duty was authorised to discharge it
instead of him and had discharged it or would do so.
( 4 ) A person who wilfully alters or causes to be altered a
document which is required for the purposes of any of the provi-
sions of section 10 or 11 above or Schedule 2 to this Act, with
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1743
intent to falsify the document or to enable a trade union or
employers' association to evade any of those provisions, shall
be guilty of an offence.
( 5) For every offence committed under this section the trade
union, employers' association or other person guilty of the
offence shall be liable on summary conviction-
( a ) in the case of an offence under subsection ( 1) above, to
a fine not exceeding £100 ;
( b) in the case of an offence under subsection (4) above,
to a fine not exceeding £400.
Restrictions on legal liability and legal proceedings
13.-(1 ) An act done by a person in contemplation or Acts in
furtherance of a trade dispute shall not be actionable in tort contemplation
on the ground only- or furtherance
oftrade
( a ) that it induces another person to break a contract of disputes.
employment ; or
( b) that it consists in his threatening that a contract of
employment ( whether one to which he is a party or not)
will be broken or that he will induce another person to
break a contract of employment to which that other
person is a party.
( 2 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that an
act done by a person in contemplation or furtherance of a trade
dispute is not actionable in tort on the ground only that it is an
interference with the trade, business or employment of another
person, or with the right of another person to dispose of his
capital or his labour as he wills .
(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that-
( a ) an act which by reason of subsection (1) or (2) above
is itself not actionable ;
( b) a breach of contract in contemplation or furtherance
of a trade dispute ;
shall not be regarded as the doing of an unlawful act or as the
use of unlawful means for the purpose of establishing liability
intort.
( 3) In section 16( 4), for the words substituted by the 1971 Act
do or procure the doing of any act in contemplation or further-
ance of a trade dispute shall not be actionable in tort if the act
is one which, if done without any such agreement or combination,
would not be actionable in tort.
1744 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
Immunityof
trade unions
and employers'
associations
to actions in
tort.
Peaceful
picketing.
14.-( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, no action in tort
shall lie in respect of any act-
( a) alleged to have been done by or on behalf of a trade
union which is not a special register body or by or
on behalf of an unincorporated employers' association ;
or
( b) alleged to have been done, in connection with the
regulation of relations between employers or employers'
associations and workers or trade unions, by or on
behalf of a trade union which is a special register body
or by or on behalf of an employers' association which
is a body corporate ; or
( c ) alleged to be threatened or to be intended to be done
as mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) above ;
against the union or association in its own name, or against the
trustees of the union or association, or against any members
or officials of the union or association on behalf of themselves
and all other members of the union or association.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not affect the liability of a
trade union or employers' association to be sued in respect of the
following, if not arising from an act done in contemplation or
furtherance of a trade dispute, that is to say-
( a) any negligence, nuisance or breach of duty (whether
imposed on them by any rule of law or by or under any
enactment) resulting in personal injury to any person ;
or
(b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, breach of
any duty so imposed in connection with the ownership,
occupation, possession, control or use of property
( whether real or personal or, in Scotland, heritable or
moveable) .
( 3) In this section " personal injury " includes any disease
and any impairment of a person's physical or mental condition .
15. It shall be lawful for one or more persons in contempla-
tion or furtherance of a trade dispute to attend at or near-
( a ) a place where another person works or carries on
business ; or
(b) any other place where another person happens to be,
not being a place where he resides,
for the purpose only of peacefully obtaining or communicating
information, or peacefully persuading any person to work or
abstain from working.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1745
16. No court shall, whether by way of- No
( a) an order for specific performance or specific implement compulsion
of a contract of employment, or
to work.
( b) an injunction or interdict restraining a breach or
threatened breach of such a contract,
compel an employee to do any work or attend at any place
for the doing of any work.
17. Where an application for an injunction or interdict is Restriction on
made to a court in the absence of the party against whom the grant of
injunction or interdict is sought or any representative of his, and ex parte
that party claims, or in the opinion of the court would be likely injunctions
and
to claim, that he acted in contemplation or furtherance of a interdicts.
trade dispute, the court shall not grant the injunction or interdict
unless satisfied that all steps which in the circumstances were
reasonable have been taken with a view to securing that notice
ofthe application and an opportunity of being heard with respect
to the application have been given to that party.
Collective Agreements
18.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, any collective agree- Enforceability
ment made before 1st December 1971 or after the commence of collective
ment of this section shall be conclusively presumed not to have agreements.
been intended by the parties to be a legally enforceable contract
unless the agreement-
( a ) is in writing, and
( b) contains a provision which ( however expressed) states
that the parties intended that the agreement shall be a
legally enforceable contract.
( 2) Any such agreement which satisfies the conditions in
subsection ( 1) ( a) and (b) above shall be conclusively presumed
to have been intended by the parties to be a legally enforceable
contract.
( 3) If any such agreement is in writing and contains a pro-
vision which ( however expressed) states that the parties intend
that one or more parts of the agreement specified in that pro-
vision, but not the whole of the agreement, shall be a legally
enforceable contract, then-
( a) the specified part or parts shall be conclusively presumed
to have been intended by the parties to be a legally
enforceable contract ; and
( b) the remainder of the agreement shall be conclusively
presumed not to have been intended by the parties to
be such a contract , but a part of an agreement which
by virtue of this paragraph is not a legally enforceable
1746 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
contract may be referred to for the purpose of inter-
preting a part of that agreement which is such a
contract.
( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in subsections ( 2) and ( 3) above,
any terms of a collective agreement (whether made before or
after the commencement of this section ) which prohibit or restrict
the right of workers to engage in a strike or other industrial
action, or have the effect of prohibiting or restricting that right,
shall not form part of any contract between any worker and
the person for whom he works unless the collective agreement-
( a) is in writing ; and
( b) contains a provision expressly stating that those terms
shall or may be incorporated in such a contract ; and
( c) is reasonably accessible at his place of work to the
worker to whom it applies and is available for him to
consult during working hours ; and
( d ) is one where each trade union which is a party to the
agreement is an independent trade union ;
and unless the contract with that worker expressly or impliedly
incorporates those terms in the contract.
(5 ) Subsection (4 ) above shall have effect notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary in any agreement (including a
collective agreement or a contract with any worker) .
Miscellaneous
Transitional
19.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section shall have effect in
provisions for relation to a trade union or an employers' association to which
trade unions
and employers' they are applied by section 2( 4) or 3( 3) above ; and in this
associations ceasing to be incorporated.
section " the relevant date " means the day on which, under
section 2( 4) or 3(3) above, such a trade union or employers '
association ceases to be a body corporate.
( 2) On the relevant date-
( a ) all property vested in the trade union or in the
employers' association immediately before that date
shall by virtue of this paragraph (and without the
execution of any instrument) vest in the trustees who,
in accordance with subsection (3) below, are the
appropriate trustees ;
( b) all liabilities, obligations and rights of the trade union
or of the employer's association subsisting immediately
before that date shall, in so far as they are liabilities,
obligations or rights affecting any property so
vested ( instead of continuing to be liabilities, obligations
or rights of the union or association) become liabilities,
obligations and rights of the trustees who, in accordance
with subsection (3) below, are the appropriate trustees.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1747
( 3) The appropriate trustees for the purposes of subsection
(2 ) above are-
( a) the trustees appointed in writing for the purposes of this
section by or on behalf of the members of the trade
union or employers' association ;
( b ) in a case where no such trustees are appointed, the
official trustees of the trade union or employers'
association.
( 4) A certificate given by the official trustees of a trade union
or employers' association that the persons named in the certificate
are the appropriate trustees of that union or association for the
purposes of subsection (2 ) above shall be conclusive evidence
that those persons are the appropriate trustees of that union or
association for those purposes; and a document which purports
to be such a certificate shall be taken to be such a certificate
unless the contrary is proved.
( 5 ) In this section " official trustees ", in relation to a trade
union or an employers' association, means the two officers of
the union or association who, on the relevant date, are the
president and the general secretary of the union or association
or occupy a position equivalent to that of president and general
secretary respectively of a trade union or employers' association.
( 6 ) Nothing in section 12 of the Finance Act 1895 ( which 1895 c. 16 .
requires certain Acts to be stamped as conveyances on sale)
shall be taken as applying to this Act.
20.- ( 1 ) Where during the period commencing with 1st Power to alter
December 1970 and ending with the passing of this Act a trade certain rules
union has oftrade
unions
(a) made or amended any rule of the union so as to preclude restricting
any particular fund belonging to or held in trust for the application
offunds.
the union from being used for financing strikes or other
industrial action ; and
(b ) has declared in its rules that the rule or the rule as so
amended shall be incapable of revocation or alteration ;
then, notwithstanding the declaration, the rule so made or
amended may, subject to subsection ( 2) below, be revoked or
amended.
( 2) No rule of a trade union shall be revoked or amended by
virtue of subsection (1) above after the expiration of the period
of four years beginning with the date of the passing of this
Act; and nothing in that subsection shall be taken to authorise
the amendment or revocation of a rule of a trade union otherwise
than in accordance with the procedural rules of that union.
1748 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
Effect of
abolition of
National
Industrial
Relations
Court on
pending
proceedings and decisions
given .
1972 с. 53.
1965 с. 62.
21.- (1) In this section and sections 22 and 23 below-
"the Court " means the National Industrial Relations
Court;
" abate " , in relation to any proceedings, means that the
proceedings shall be treated as discontinued and, in
relation to any decision, means that the decision, so
far as not enforced, shall be unenforceable ;
" decision " includes a judgment, order or award and any
reference to the giving of a decision shall be construed
accordingly ;
" pending " means pending immediately before the passing
of this Act ;
and for the purposes of this section and those sections proceed-
ings shall be treated as pending in the Court or an industrial
tribunal until a final decision is given in those proceedings by
the Court or the tribunal, as the case may be.
( 2) On the passing of this Act, except in so far as provision
is made by subsections ( 3) to ( 7) below for proceedings of the
descriptions mentioned in those subsections-
(a) proceedings commenced in the Court before 30th April
1974 and pending in the Court shall be transferred by
virtue of this paragraph to the High Court or the Court
of Session ;
(b) proceedings commenced in the Court on or after 30th
April 1974 or any decision in those proceedings shall
abate;
( c ) any right of appeal against any such decision other
than a right saved by section 23(1) below shall be
extinguished and any appeal from any such decision or
any decision on any such appeal shall abate .
(3) Where a complaint has been presented to the Court under
section 103 of the 1971 Act (complaints by Registrar against
registered union or employers' association), then, if the complaint
was presented before 30th April 1974 and is pending in the
Court, the complaint shall, on the passing of this Act, be trans-
ferred by virtue of this subsection to an industrial tribunal .
( 4 ) Where an appeal arising out of any proceedings or decision
of an industrial tribunal has been instituted in the Court, then-
( a ) in the case of an appeal which is pending in the Court
and arose out of proceedings or a decision under the
Contracts of Employment Act 1972 or the Redundancy
Payments Act 1965 or on a complaint under the 1971
Act by an employee that he has been unfairly dis-
missed by his employer, the appeal shall on the passing
of this Act be transferred by virtue of this paragraph,
to the High Court or the Court of Session ;
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1749
( b ) in the case of an appeal of any other description, the
appeal shall, if the proceedings in the industrial tribunal
were commenced before 30th April 1974 and the
appeal is pending in the Court, be transferred by virtue
of this paragraph on the passing of this Act to the High
Court or the Court of Session ;
( c ) in the case of an appeal of a description referred to in
paragraph ( b) above, where the proceedings in the
industrial tribunal were commenced on or after 30th
April 1974, the appeal or any decision on the appeal
shall on the passing of this Act abate.
( 5) Where an appeal arising out of proceedings before the
Chief Registrar of Trade Unions and Employers' Associations or
any assistant registrar of his has been instituted and is pending in
the Court, then-
( a ) if the decision appealed from was made under any
provision of the Trade Union Act 1913 (funds for 1913 с. 30
political purposes), the appeal shall on the passing of ( 2 & 3 Geo. V).
this Act be transferred by virtue of this paragraph to
the High Court or the Court of Session ;
( b) if the appeal is by way of case stated in proceedings on
a complaint under section 4 of the Trade Union (Amal- 1964 с. 24.
gamations, etc.) Act 1964 (complaints about resolutions
to amalgamate), the appeal shall on the passing of this
Act be so transferred by virtue of this paragraph ;
( c ) if the appeal arises out of any other proceedings, the
appeal or any decision on the appeal shall on the
passing of this Act abate.
( 6) Where a complaint has been transferred by an industrial
tribunal to the Court by virtue of section 111 of the 1971 Act
and is pending in the Court, then-
( a) in the case of a complaint by an employee that he has
been unfairly dismissed by his employer, the complaint
shall on the passing of this Act be transferred by virtue
of this paragraph back to the tribunal from which it
was so transferred ;
( b) in the case of a complaint of any other description
presented before 30th April 1974, the complaint shall
on the passing of this Act be transferred by virtue of
this paragraph back to the tribunal from which it was
so transferred ;
( c) in the case of a complaint of a description referred to
in paragraph (b) above presented on or after 30th
April 1974, the complaint or any decision on the
complaint shall on the passing of this Act abate.
1750 c .52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
1925 с. 49.
Effect of
repeals on
pending
proceedings
and decisions
given by industrial
tribunals.
( 7) Where, under any provision of the 1971 Act, proceed-
ings have been commenced in the Court at any time with a
view to the making of a reference or request to the Com-
mission on Industrial Relations, then-
( a ) if the proceedings are pending in the Court and no
reference or request has been made in the proceed-
ings, those proceedings shall on the passing of this
Act abate;
(b) if a reference or request so made in those proceedings
is outstanding immediately before the passing of this
Act, the reference or request shall be treated as with-
drawn on the passing of this Act, and, subject to sub-
section ( 10) below, those proceedings shall then abate ;
( c ) any order of the Court made in proceedings resulting
from a reference or request to that Commission shall
cease to have effect on the passing of this Act.
( 8) Where proceedings are transferred by virtue of subsection
( 2), (4) or (5) above, the proceedings shall be transferred, in the
case of proceedings in England and Wales, to the High Court
and, in the case of proceedings in Scotland, to the Court of
Session and may be continued there accordingly.
( 9) Rules of court relating to proceedings so transferred may
provide for excluding so much of section 63(1) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Consolidation ) Act 1925 as requires appeals
to the High Court to be heard and determined by a divisional
court ; but no appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be brought
against a decision of the High Court on an appeal transferred
by virtue of any provision of this section except with the leave
of the High Court or the Court ofAppeal .
(10) Where a reference or a request by the Court to the
Commission on Industrial Relations is treated as withdrawn by
virtue of subsection ( 7) ( b) above, the Secretary of State may
authorise the Commission to make a report of its findings and
recommendations on that reference or request to those persons
appearing to the Commission to be directly concerned, and to
arrange for the report to be published in such manner as the
Commission consider appropriate ; and paragraph 43 ( 1) of
Schedule 3 to the 1971 Act (disclosure of information ) shall not
apply to that report.
22. Where a complaint, other than a complaint that an
employee has been unfairly dismissed by his employer, has been
presented to an industrial tribunal under any provision of the
1971 Act on or after 30th April 1974, then, when the repeal
ofthat provision by this Act takes effect-
( a ) the complaint or any decision on the complaint shall
abate ;
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1751
( b ) any right of appeal against any such decision which is
exercisable before that repeal takes effect shall be
extinguished ;
( c ) any appeal from any such decision or any decision on
any such appeal shall abate.
23.- ( 1) A decision given by the Court before the passing of Provisions
this Act- supplementary to sections
( a ) in proceedings commenced in the Court before 30th 21 and 22.
April 1974 ;
( b) on an appeal instituted in the Court on or after 30th
April 1974 in proceedings in which, if the appeal had
been pending in the Court immediately before the
passing of this Act, the appeal would have been
transferred by virtue of any provision of section 21
above ; or
( c ) on a complaint which, if it had been pending in the
Court immediately before the passing of this Act,
would have been transferred back to an industrial
tribunal by virtue of section 21(6) above ;
may, so far as not enforced, be enforced after the passing of
this Act as if it were a judgment of the High Court or the
Court of Session, and any right of appeal from such a decision
to the Court of Appeal or the Court of Session exercisable
under paragraph 29 of Schedule 3 to the 1971 Act (appeals)
shall continue to be exercisable, and any appeal from such a
decision ( whether instituted before or after the passing of this
Act) shall be heard and determined accordingly, after the
repeal of that paragraph by this Act takes effect.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 c. 63.
1889 (effect of repeals) any decision given by any court or
tribunal-
( a) in any proceedings (including proceedings under the
1971 Act) before the repeal by this Act of sections
153 and 154 of the 1971 Act (enforcement) takes effect,
or
( b) in any proceedings transferred to any court by virtue of
any provision of section 21 above ;
and falling to be enforced to any extent after that repeal takes
effect shall not be enforceable against property of any descrip-
tion against which it would not have been enforceable before
that repeal takes effect by virtue of any provision of the said
section 153 or 154, as the case may be.
( 3) Where any right, obligation or liability has accrued or
been incurred under any provision of the 1971 Act (other than
a provision re - enacted in Schedule 1 to this Act ) before the
1752 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
repeal of that provision by this Act takes effect, but no pro-
ceedings have been commenced in any court or tribunal to
enforce that right, obligation or liability, no proceedings to
enforce it ( directly or indirectly and by whatever means) shall be
commenced in any court or tribunal after that repeal takes
effect.
( 4 ) If on an appeal from the Court after the passing of this
Act the Court of Appeal would have exercised a power to order
a new trial by the Court, the Court of Appeal shall order the
re- hearing to be by the High Court.
Power to
24.-( 1 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that a person
compensate for loss
who ceases to be a member of the Commission on Industrial
Relations by reason of its abolition by this Act should receive
ofoffice .
compensation for loss of office, he may pay him out of moneys
provided by Parliament such sum as he may with the approval
of the Minister for the Civil Service determine.
( 2 ) If it appears to the Lord Chancellor that a person who
ceases to be a member of the National Industrial Relations
Court by reason of its abolition by this Act should receive
compensation for loss of office, he may pay him out of moneys
provided by Parliament such sum as he may with the approval
of the Minister for the Civil Service determine.
Miscellaneous 25.-( 1 ) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for undoing
amendments, certain amendments and repeals made by the 1971 Act in
and
certain enactments specified in that Schedule, for continuing
transitional
the effect of other amendments so made and for making minor
provisions and repeals.
amendments and amendments consequential on other provisions
of this Act in other enactments so specified.
(2) The transitional provisions in Schedule 4 shall have effect .
( 3) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 are hereby repealed
to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
Regulations
and orders.
Supplementary
26.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations for
any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required
to be made under this Act.
(2) Any power to make regulations under this Act shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument.
(3) A statutory instrument containing any such regulations ,
other than regulations required to be laid in draft before
Parliament before being made, shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1753
( 4 ) Any power to make an order under any provision of this
Act shall include power to revoke or vary the order by a sub-
sequent order under that provision.
27. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Expenses.
Parliament-
( a) any administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary
of State in consequence of the provisions of this Act ;
and
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under
any other enactment.
28.- (1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Meaning of
requires, “ trade union " means an organisation ( whether per- trade union
manent or temporary) which either-
and employers'
association.
( a) consists wholly or mainly of workers of one or more
descriptions and is an organisation whose principal
purposes include the regulation of relations between
workers of that description or those descriptions and
employers or employers' associations ; or
( b) consists wholly or mainly of-
(i ) constituent or affiliated organisations which
fulfil the conditions specified in paragraph ( a) above
(or themselves consist wholly or mainly of constitu-
ent or affiliated organisations which fulfil those
conditions) , or
(ii) representatives of such constituent or affiliated
organisations ;
and in either case is an organisation whose principal
purposes include the regulation of relations between
workers and employers or between workers and
employers' associations, or include the regulation of
relations between its constituent or affiliated organisa-
tions.
( 2) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise re-
quires, " employers' association " means an organisation (whether
permanent or temporary) which either-
( a ) consists wholly or mainly of employers or individual
proprietors of one or more descriptions and is an
organisation whose principal purposes include the
regulation of relations between employers of that
description or those descriptions and workers or trade
unions ; or
1754 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
( b) consists wholly or mainly of-
( i) constituent or affiliated organisations which
fulfil the conditions specified in paragraph (a) above
( or themselves consist wholly or mainly of constituent
or affiliated organisations which fulfil those
conditions), or
(ii) representatives of such constituent or affiliated
organisations ;
and in either case is an organisation whose principal
purposes include the regulation of relations between
employers and workers or between employers and
trade unions, or include the regulation of relations
between its constituent or affiliated organisations.
Meaning of 29.-(1 ) In this Act " trade dispute " means a dispute between
trade dispute. employers and workers, or between workers and workers, which
is connected with one or more of the following, that is to say-
( a ) terms and conditions of employment, or the physical
conditions in which any workers are required to work ;
( b ) engagement or non- engagement, or termination or sus-
pension of employment or the duties of employment ,
of one or more workers ;
( c ) allocation of work or the duties of employment as
between workers or groups of workers ;
(d ) matters of discipline ;
(e) the membership or non-membership of a trade union
on the part of a worker ;
( f ) facilities for officials of trade unions ; and
( g) machinery for negotiation or consultation, and other
procedures, relating to any of the foregoing matters,
including the recognition by employers or employers'
associations of the right of a trade union to represent
workers in any such negotiation or consultation or
in the carrying out of such procedures.
( 2) A dispute between a Minister of the Crown and any
workers shall, notwithstanding that he is not the employer of
those workers, be treated for the purposes of this Act as a
dispute between employer and those workers if the dispute
relates-
(a) to matters which have been referred for consideration by
a joint body on which, by virtue of any provision made
by or under any enactment, that Minister is repre-
sented ; or
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1755
( b ) to matters which cannot be settled without that Minister
exercising a power conferred on him by or under an
enactment.
(3) There is a trade dispute for the purposes of this Act
even though it relates to matters occurring outside Great Britain,
so long as the person or persons whose actions in Great Britain
are said to be in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute
relating to matters occurring outside Great Britain are likely
to be affected in respect of one or more of the matters specified
in subsection ( 1) of this section by the outcome of that dispute.
( 4 ) Adispute to which a trade union or employers' association
is a party shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a dispute
to which workers or, as the case may be, employers are parties .
( 5 ) An act, threat or demand done or made by one person or
organisation against another which, if resisted, would have led
to a trade dispute with that other, shall, notwithstanding that
because that other submits to the act or threat or accedes to the
demand no dispute arises, be treated for the purposes of this
Act as being done or made in contemplation of a trade dispute
with that other.
( 6) In this section--
" employment " includes any relationship whereby one
person personally does work or performs services for
another ;
" worker ", in relation to a dispute to which an employer
is a party, includes any worker even if not employed
by that employer.
( 7 ) In the Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act 1875 1875 c. 86.
" trade dispute " has the same meaning as in this Act.
30.-( 1 ) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise General
requires, - provisions
as to
" act " and " action " each includes omission and refer- interpretation.
ences to doing an act or taking action shall be con-
strued accordingly ;
" collective agreement " means any agreement or arrange-
ment made by or on behalf of one or more trade
unions and one or more employers or employers'
associations and relating to one or more of the matters
mentioned in section 29(1) above ;
" contract of employment " means a contract of service or
of apprenticeship, whether it is express or implied and
(if it is express) whether it is oral or in writing ;
1756 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
1971 с. 72.
1967 с. 77.
" dismissal procedures agreement " means an agreement in
writing with respect to procedures relating to dismissal
made by or on behalf of one or more independent trade
unions and one or more employers or employers'
associations ;
" employee " means an individual who has entered into or
works under (or, where the employment has ceased,
worked under) a contract of employment, otherwise
than in police service ;
" employers' association " includes a combination of
employers and employers' associations ;
" independent trade union " means a trade union which-
( a) is not under the domination or control of an
employer or a group of employers or of one or more
employers ' associations ; and
(b) is not liable to interference by an employer or
any such group or association (arising out of the
provision of financial or material support or by any
other means whatsoever) tending towards such
control ;
" individual proprietor " means an individual who is the
owner of an undertaking ;
"
1971 Act " means the Industrial Relations Act 1971 ;
" official ", in relation to a trade union, means any person
who is an officer of the union or of a branch or section
of the union or who (not being such an officer) is a
person elected or appointed in accordance with the
rules of the union to be a representative of its members
or of some of them, including any person so elected or
appointed who is an employee of the same employer
as the members, or one or more of the members, whom
he is to represent ;
" police service " means service-
( a) in England and Wales as a member of a police
force or as a special constable ;
( b) as a constable within the meaning of the
Police (Scotland) Act 1967 ;
(c) as a member of any constabulary maintained
by virtue of any enactment ; or
( d ) in any other capacity by virtue of which a
person has the powers or privileges of a constable ;
" position ", in relation to an employee, means the follow-
ing matters taken as a whole, that is to say, his status
as an employee, the nature of his work and his terms
and conditions of employment ;
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c.52 1757
" Registrar " has the meaning assigned to it by section 8(1 )
above ;
" special register body " means an organisation whose name
was immediately before the commencement of sec-
tions 2 and 3 above entered in the special register
maintained under section 84 of the 1971 Act and
which for the time being is a company registered
under the Companies Act 1948 or is incorporated by 1948 с. 38.
charter or letters patent ;
" tort ", as respects Scotland, means any wrongful or negli-
gent act giving rise to liability in reparation, and
cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly ;
" union membership agreement " means an agreement or
arrangement which-
( a ) is made by or on behalf of, or otherwise
exists between, one or more independent trade unions
and one or more employers or employers' associa-
tions ; and
( b ) relates to employees of an identifiable class ;
and
(c) has the effect of requiring the terms and con-
ditions of employment of every employee of that
class to include a condition that he must be or
become a member of the union or one of the unions
which is or are parties to the agreement or arrange-
ment or of another appropriate independent trade
union ;
" worker " (subject to the following provisions of this sec-
tion ) means an individual regarded in whichever (if
any ) of the following capacities is applicable to him,
that is to say, as a person who works or normally works
or seeks to work-
( a) under a contract of employment ; or
( b) under any other contract (whether express or
implied, and, if express, whether oral or in writing )
whereby he undertakes to do or perform personally
any work or services for another party to the con-
tract who is not a professional client of his ; or
( c ) in employment under or for the purposes of
a government department ( otherwise than as a
member of the naval, military or air forces of the
Crown or of any women's service administered by
the Defence Council) in so far as any such em-
ployment does not fall within paragraph (a) or (b)
above,
otherwise than in police service.
1758 1946 с. 81 .
1947 с. 27.
c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the definitions in
subsection ( 1) of this section, in this Act-
(a ) " worker " includes an individual regarded in his
capacity as one who works or normally works or
seeks to work as a person providing general medical
services, pharmaceutical services, general dental ser-
vices or general ophthalmic services in accordance
with arrangements made by an Area Health Authority
or Family Practitioner Committee under section 33 ,
section 38, section 40 or section 41 of the National
Health Service Act 1946 or by a Health Board under
section 34, section 39, section 40 or section 42 of
the National Health Service (Scotland ) Act 1947 ;
and
( b) " employer " includes any Area Health Authority,
Family Practitioner Committee or Health Board in
accordance with whose arrangements a person provides
or has provided or normally provides or seeks to
provide any such service as aforesaid.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, in this Act "
successor ",
in relation to the employer of an employee, means a person who,
in consequence of a change occurring (whether by virtue of a
sale or other disposition or by operation of law) in the owner-
ship of the undertaking or of part of the undertaking for the
purposes of which the employee was employed, has become
the owner of that undertaking or of that part of it , as the case
may be.
( 4 ) Subsection (3) above shall have effect (subject to the neces-
sary modifications ) in relation to a case where-
( a ) the person by whom an undertaking or part of an
undertaking is owned immediately before a change is
one of the persons by whom ( whether as partners, trus-
tees or otherwise) it is owned immediately after the
change, or
( b) the persons by whom an undertaking or part of an
undertaking is owned immediately before a change
( whether as partners, trustees or otherwise) include the
persons by whom, or include one or more of the
persons by whom, it is owned immediately after the
change,
as that subsection has effect where the previous owner and the
new owner are wholly different persons ; and any reference in
this Act to a successor of an employer shall be construed
accordingly.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1759
( 5 ) For the purposes of this Act any two employers are to be
treated as associated if one is a company of which the other
( directly or indirectly ) has control, or if both are companies of
which a third person (directly or indirectly ) has control; and in
this Act " associated employer" shall be construed accordingly.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this Act it is immaterial whether the
law which (apart from this Act) governs any persons' employ-
ment is the law of the United Kingdom, or of a part of the
United Kingdom, or not.
( 7) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as
a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or
under any other enactment, including this Act.
31.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Trade Union and Short title,
Labour Relations Act 1974. commence-
ment and
( 2) This Act, except as provided by section 1( 3) above and extent.
except sections 21 to 23 above, shall come into operation on
such day as the Secretary of State may appoint by order made
by statutory instrument, and different days may be so appointed
for different purposes.
( 3) Any reference in this Act to the commencement of any
provision of this Act shall be construed as a reference to the
day appointed under this section for the coming into operation
of that provision.
( 4 ) An order made under this section may make such
transitional provision or savings as appear to the Secretary
of State to be necessary or expedient in connection with the pro-
visions of this Act which are thereby brought ( wholly or in part)
into operation, including such adaptations of those provisions
or of any provision of this Act then in force as appear to the
Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in consequence
of the partial operation of this Act (whether before, on or after
the day appointed by the order) .
(5) The following provisions of this Act shall extend to
Northern Ireland, that is to say, sections 4 and 19 and any
provision of Schedule 3 or 5 to this Act which amends or repeals
any provision of the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 c. 20.
1957, the Trade Union (Amalgamations, etc.) Act ( Northern 1965 c. 2 (N.I.).
Ireland) 1965, the Insurance Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1968 c. 6 (Ν.Ι.).
1968, the Merchant Shipping Act 1970 or the Insurance Com- 1970 c. 36.
panies Amendment Act 1973 or repeals any provision of the 1973 c. 58.
1971 Act which extends to Northern Ireland, but except as
aforesaid this Act shall not extend there.
1760 c . 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
Section 1.
1971 с. 72.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
RE- ENACTED PROVISIONS OF INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS ACT 1971
NOTE: The cross heading in square brackets at the beginning
of each paragraph of this Schedule indicates the provision of the
1971 Act which is re-enacted , with or without amendments, in that
paragraph.
PART I
INTRODUCTORY
Code of Practice
[ Section 2]
1.- (1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to maintain
acode of practice, containing such practical guidance as would be
helpful for the purpose of promoting good industrial relations.
( 2 ) The last code of practice brought into effect under Part I of
the Industrial Relations Act 1971 shall remain in effect for the
purpose of this Part of this Schedule unless and until revised as
hereinafter provided.
( 3) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the whole
or any part of a code of practice which has been brought into effect
under this Part of this Schedule.
( 4 ) In preparing any proposed revision of that code the Secretary
of State shall have regard to
( a ) the need for those who manage undertakings to accept the
primary responsibility for the promotion of good industrial
relations, and
( b ) the need for providing practical guidance with respect to
disclosure of information by employers, and with respect
to the establishment and maintenance of effective means of
negotiation, consultation and communication at all levels
between those who manage undertakings and the workers
employed in them.
Revisions of Code of Practice
[ Section 3]
2.- (1 ) Where the Secretary of State proposes to revise the whole
or part of the code of practice ( in the form in which, whether as
originally approved or as previously revised, the code or that part
of it has effect for the time being ) he shall consult with the Trades
Union Congress and the Confederation of British Industry and
prepare a draft of the revised code, or that part of it , as the case
may be, and shall transmit a copy of the draft to each of them
for their consideration and advice.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall take account of any advice given
to him by the Trades Union Congress or the Confederation of British
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1761
Industry with respect to a draft prepared under sub- paragraph ( 1)
above and shall arrange for any such advice to be published in such
manner as he may consider appropriate ; and, if the Secretary of
State determines to proceed with the draft, he shall lay the draft, or
a modified draft, before both Houses of Parliament.
( 3) If the draft laid under sub-paragraph ( 2) above is approved
by a resolution of each House of Parliament, the Secretary of State
shall issue the revised code, or part of the code as revised, as the
case may be, in the form of the draft.
( 4 ) On issuing any document under this paragraph ( whether it is
the code of practice as originally approved or a revised code or part
of a revised code ) the Secretary of State shall make by statutory
instrument an order specifying the date on which the document is
to be brought into effect.
Use of code in proceedings under this Act
[ Section 4]
3. A failure on the part of any person to observe any provision
of a code of practice which is for the time being in force under
this Part of this Schedule shall not of itself render him liable to any
proceedings ; but in any proceedings before an industrial tribunal
under this Act-
( a ) any such code of practice shall be admissible in evidence,
an and
(b) any provision of such a code of practice which appears to
the tribunal to be relevant to any question arising in the
proceedings shall be taken into account by the tribunal in
determining that question.
PART II
UNFAIR DISMISSAL
Right of employee not to be unfairly dismissed
[Section 22]
4 .- (1 ) In every employment to which this paragraph applies every
employee shall have the right not to be unfairly dismissed by
his employer, and the remedy of an employee so dismissed for
breach of that right shall be by way of complaint to an industrial
tribunal under Part III of this Schedule, and not otherwise.
( 2 ) This paragraph applies to every employment except in so
far as its application is excluded by or under any provision of
this Schedule.
Meaning of " dismissal "
[ Section 23]
5.- (1) In this Schedule " dismissal " and " dismiss " shall be con-
strued in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, an employee shall be
treated for the purposes of this Act as dismissed by his employer,
if , but only if , -
2C
SCH. 1
1762 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1 (a ) the contract under which he is employed by the employer
is terminated by the employer, whether it is so terminated
by notice or without notice, or
( b) where under that contract he is employed for a fixed term,
that term expires without being renewed under the same
contract, or
( c ) the employee terminates that contract, with or without
notice, in circumstances such that he is entitled to terminate
it without notice by reason of the employer's conduct.
( 3) Where an employer gives notice to an employee to terminate
his contract of employment and, at a time within the obligatory
period of that notice, the employee gives notice in writing to the
employer to terminate the contract of employment on a date earlier
than the date on which the employer's notice is due to expire, the
employee shall for the purposes of this Schedule be taken to be
dismissed by his employer, and the reasons for the dismissal shall
be taken to be the reasons for which the employer's notice is given .
( 4 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 3) above-
(a ) if the actual period of the employer's notice (that is to say,
the period beginning at the time when the notice is given
and ending with the time when it expires ) is equal to the
minimum period which ( whether by virtue of any enactment
or otherwise ) is required to be given by the employer to
terminate the contract of employment, "the obligatory
period ", in relation to that notice, means the actual period
of the notice ;
( b) in any other case, " the obligatory period ", in relation to
an employer's notice, means that period which, being equal
to the minimum period referred to in sub-paragraph (a)
above, expires at the time when the employer's notice
expires .
( 5 ) In this Schedule " the effective date of termination " -
( a ) in relation to an employee whose contract of employment
is terminated by notice, whether given by his employer
or by the employee, means the date on which that notice
expires ;
(b ) in relation to an employee whose contract of employment
is terminated without notice, means the date on which
the termination takes effect ; and
( c ) in relation to an employee who is employed under a contract
for a fixed term, where that term expires without being
renewed under the same contract, means the date on which
that term expires.
Fair and unfair dismissal
[ Section 24 ]
6 .- (1) In determining for the purposes of this Schedule whether
the dismissal of an employee was fair or unfair, it shall be for the
employer to show-
( a ) what was the reason ( or, if there was more than one, the
principal reason ) for the dismissal, and
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1763
( b ) that it was a reason falling within sub-paragraph ( 2) below,
or some other substantial reason of a kind such as to
justify the dismissal of an employee holding the position
which that employee held.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1)( b) above the reference to a reason falling
within this sub-paragraph is a reference to a reason which-
(a ) related to the capability or qualifications of the employee
for performing work of the kind which he was employed
by the employer to do, or
( b ) related to the conduct of the employee, or
( c ) was that the employee was redundant, or
( d ) was that the employee could not continue to work in the
position which he held without contravention ( either on
his part or on that of his employer ) of a duty or restriction
imposed by or under an enactment.
( 3) Where the employer has fulfilled the requirements of sub-
paragraph (1 ) above, then, subject to paragraphs 7 and 8 below,
the question whether the dismissal was fair or unfair shall be
determined in accordance with the following provisions of this
paragraph .
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Schedule the dismissal of an employee
by an employer shall be regarded as having been unfair if the
reason for it ( or , if more than one, the principal reason ) was that
the employee-
( a ) was, or proposed to become, a member of an independent
trade union ;
( b ) had taken , or proposed to take, part at any appropriate time
in the activities of an independent trade union ; or
( c ) had refused, or proposed to refuse, to become or remain a
member of a trade union which was not an independent
trade union.
( 5 ) Dismissal of an employee by an employer shall be regarded as
fair for the purposes of this Schedule if-
( a ) it is the practice, in accordance with a union membership
agreement, for all the employees of that employer or all
employees of the same class as the dismissed employee
to belong to a specified independent trade union, or to one
of a number of specified independent trade unions ; and
(b) the reason for the dismissal was that the employee was not
a member of the specified union or one of the specified
unions, or had refused or proposed to refuse to become or
remain a member of that union or one of those unions ;
unless the employee genuinely objects on grounds of religious belief
to being a member of any trade union whatsoever or on any reason-
able grounds to being a member of a particular trade union, in
which case the dismissal shall be regarded as unfair.
( 6 ) Any reason by virtue of which a dismissal is to be regarded
as unfair in consequence of sub-paragraph ( 4 ) or ( 5) above is here-
after in this Schedule referred to as an inadmissible reason.
2C2
SCH. 1
1764 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1965 с. 62.
( 7 ) Where the reason or principal reason for the dismissal of an
employee was that he was redundant, but it is shown that the circum-
stances constituting the redundancy applied equally to one or more
other employees in the same undertaking who held positions similar
to that held by him and who have not been dismissed by the
employer, and either-
( a ) that the reason (or, if more than one, the principal reason)
for which he was selected for dismissal was an inadmissible
reason ; or
( b ) that he was selected for dismissal in contravention of a
customary arrangement or agreed procedure relating to
redundancy and there were no special reasons justifying
a departure from that arrangement or procedure in his case,
then, for the purposes of this Schedule the dismissal shall be regarded
as unfair.
( 8) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 4 ) to ( 7 ) above, the determination
of the question whether the dismissal was fair or unfair, having
regard to the reason shown by the employer, shall depend on whether
the employer can satisfy the tribunal that in the circumstances ( having
regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case) he acted
reasonably in treating it as a sufficient reason for dismissing the
employee.
( 9) In this paragraph, in relation to an employee-
( a ) " capability " means capability assessed by reference to skill,
aptitude, health or any other physical or mental quality ;
( b) " qualifications " means any degree, diploma or other
academic, technical or professional qualification relevant to
the position which the employee held ; and
( c ) any reference to redundancy or to being redundant shall be
construed as a reference to the existence of one or other
of the facts specified in paragraphs ( a) and ( b) of section
1( 2 ) of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 .
Dismissal in connection with a lock-out
[ Section 25 ]
7.- (1) The dismissal of an employee by way of a lock-out
( whether the lock-out extends to all the employees of the employer
or only to some of them, and whether the dismissal occurs at the
beginning of the lock-out or during the course of it ) shall not be
regarded as unfair if the employee is offered re-engagement as from
the date of resumption of work.
( 2 ) Where an employee who has been so dismissed , and has
not been offered re- engagement as from the date of resumption of
work, claims that he was unfairly dismissed by his employer, the
provisions of paragraph 6 above shall apply as if in that paragraph,
for any reference to the reason or principal reason for which
the employee was dismissed by his employer, there were substituted
a reference to the reason or principal reason for which he was not
offered re-engagement as from that date.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1765
( 3) In this paragraph any reference to an offer of re-engagement,
in relation to an employee, is a reference to an offer ( made either
by the original employer or by a successor of that employer or
by an associated employer ) to re- engage that employee, either in
the position which he held immediately before the effective date
of termination or in a different position which would be reasonably
suitable to him.
( 4) In this paragraph-
( a ) " the date of resumption of work " means the date as from
which , at or after the termination of the lock-out, the
other comparable employees of the original employer, or
a majority of those employees, were offered re-engagement,
and
( b) " the original employer ", in relation to an employee, means
the employer who dismissed him ;
and in this sub-paragraph " comparable employees ", in relation to
an employee, means such of the employees of the original employer
to whom the lock-out extended as, immediately before the effective
date of termination, held positions similar to that held by that
employee.
Dismissal in connection with a strike or other industrial action
[ Section 26 ]
8.- (1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in
relation to an employee who claims that he has been unfairly
dismissed by his employer, where on the date of dismissal he was
taking part in a strike or other industrial action.
( 2) If the reason or principal reason for the dismissal was that
the employee took part in the strike or other industrial action, the
dismissal shall not be regarded as unfair unless it is shown-
( a ) that one or more employees of the same employer (in this
paragraph referred to as " the original employer "), who
also took part in that action, were not dismissed for taking
part in it , or
( b ) that one or more such employees, who were dismissed for
taking part in it, were offered re-engagement on the
termination of the industrial action and that the employee
was not offered such re-engagement,
and that the reason ( or, if more than one, the principal reason)
for which the employee was selected for dismissal or not offered
re-engagement was an inadmissible reason.
( 3) In this paragraph any reference to the date ofdismissal-
( a ) where the employee's contract of employment was terminated
by notice, whether given by his employer or by him, is
a reference to the date on which that notice was given,
and
(b) in any other case, is a reference to the effective date of
termination ;
2C3
SCH. 1
1766 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1946 с. 22.
1962 с. 47.
and any reference to an offer of re- engagement, in relation to an
employee, is a reference to an offer ( made either by the original
employer or by a successor of that employer or by an associated
employer) to re-engage that employee, either in the position which
he held immediately before the date of dismissal or in a different
position which would be reasonably suitable to him .
Excluded classes of employment
[ Section 27 ]
9.- (1) Paragraph 4 above does not apply to any of the following .
that is to say, —
( a ) any employment in an undertaking in which immediately
before the effective date of termination there were in the
aggregate (including the dismissed employee ) less than four
employees who had been continuously employed for a
period of not less than thirteen weeks, whether they are,
or had been, all employed at the same place or are, or had
been, employed at different places ;
( b) any employment where the employer is the husband or
wife or a close relative of the employee ;
( c ) any employment as a registered dock worker, as defined
by any scheme for the time being in force under the Dock
Workers ( Regulation of Employment) Act 1946, not being
employment by virtue of which the employee is wholly
or mainly engaged in work which is not dock work as
defined by the scheme ;
( d ) any employment as master or as a member of the crew
of a fishing vessel, where the employee is not remunerated
otherwise than by a share in the profits or gross earnings
of the vessel ;
(e ) any employment as a teacher to whom section 85 of the
Education ( Scotland ) Act 1962 ( dismissal of teachers)
applies ;
( f ) any employment under a contract which normally involves
employment for less than twenty-one hours weekly.
( 2 ) Paragraph 4 above does not apply to any employment where
under his contract of employment the employee ordinarily works
outside Great Britain.
( 3 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) above a person employed
to work on board a ship registered in the United Kingdom ( not
being a ship registered at a port outside Great Britain) shall, unless-
( a ) the employment is wholly outside Great Britain, or
( b ) he is not ordinarily resident in Great Britain,
be regarded as a person who under his contract ordinarily works
in Great Britain.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " close relative ", in relation to a person,
means that person's father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, step-
father, stepmother, son, daughter, grandson, granddaughter, stepson,
stepdaughter, brother, sister, half-brother or half-sister.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1767
SCH. 1
( 5) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall have effect
subject to any order made under paragraph 11 below.
Qualifying period and upper age limit
[ Section 28]
10. Subject to paragraph 11 below, paragraph 4 above does not
apply to the dismissal of an employee from any employment if the
employee-
(a ) was not continuously employed for a period of not less than
26 weeks ending with the effective date of termination, or
( b ) on or before the effective date of termination attained the
age which, in the undertaking in which he was employed,
was the normal retiring age for an employee holding the
position which he held, or, if a man, attained the age of
sixty- five , or, if a woman, attained the age of sixty ;
but this paragraph shall have effect in a case where the effective date
of termination falls within the period of six months beginning with
the commencement of this Schedule as if the reference in sub-para-
graph (a) to 26 weeks were a reference to 52 weeks.
Supplementary provisions relating to paragraphs 9 and 10
[ Section 29]
11 .- (1 ) Paragraphs 9(1) (a ) and 10 above shall not apply to the
dismissal of an employee if it is shown that the reason ( or, if more
than one, the principal reason ) for the dismissal was an inadmissible
reason.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instru-
ment add to or vary any of the provisions of paragraphs 9 and 10
above or exclude the operation of any of those provisions.
( 3) No order shall be made under this paragraph unless a draft
of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a
resolution of each House of Parliament.
Exclusion of certain contracts for a fixed term
[ Section 30 ]
12. Paragraph 4 above does not apply-
( a ) to dismissal from employment under a contract for a fixed
term of two years or more, where the contract was made
before 28th February 1972 and is not a contract of appren-
ticeship, and the dismissal consists only of the expiry of that
term without its being renewed, or
(b ) to dismissal from employment under a contract for a fixed
term of two years or more, where the dismissal consists
only of the expiry of that term without its being renewed,
if before the term so expires the employee has agreed in
writing to exclude any claim in respect of rights under
that paragraph in relation to that contract.
2C4
1768 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1 Exclusion in respect ofdismissal procedures agreement
[ Section 31]
13 .- (1) An application may be made jointly to the Secretary of
State by all the parties to a dismissal procedures agreement to make
an order designating that agreement for the purposes of this
paragraph.
( 2) On any such application the Secretary of State may make such
an order if he is satisfied-
( a) that every trade union which is a party to the dismissal
procedures agreement is an independent trade union ;
( b) that the agreement provides for procedures to be followed
in cases where an employee claims that he has been, or is in
the course of being, unfairly dismissed ;
( c ) that those procedures are available without discrimination
to all employees falling within any description to which the
agreement applies :
( d ) that the remedies provided by the agreement in respect of
unfair dismissal are on the whole as beneficial as ( but not
necessarily identical with ) those provided in respect of un-
fair dismissal by this Schedule ;
(e ) that the procedures provided by the agreement include a
right to arbitration or adjudication by an independent
referee, or by a tribunal or other independent body, in cases
where ( by reason of an equality of votes or for any other
reason ) a decision cannot otherwise be reached ; and
( f ) that the provisions of the agreement are such that it can
be determined with reasonable certainty whether a par-
ticular employee is one to whom the agreement applies or
not.
( 3) Where a dismissal procedures agreement is designated by an
order under this paragraph which is for the time being in force,
the provisions of that agreement relating to dismissal shall have effect
in substitution for any rights under paragraph 4 above ; and accord-
ingly that paragraph shall not apply to the dismissal of an employee
from any employment if it is employment to which, and he is
an employee to whom, those provisions of the agreement apply.
Revocation of exclusion under paragraph 13
[ Section 32]
14.- (1 ) At any time when an order under paragraph 13 above
is in force, any of the parties to the dismissal procedures agreement
to which the order relates may apply to the Secretary of State for
the order to be revoked.
( 2 ) If on any such application the Secretary of State is satisfied
either-
( a ) that it is the desire of all the parties to the dismissal pro-
cedures agreement that the order should be revoked, or
( b ) that the agreement has ceased to fulfil all the conditions
specified in paragraph 13( 2) above,
the Secretary of State shall revoke the order by a further order
made under this paragraph.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1769
( 3) Any order made under this paragraph may contain such
transitional provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be
appropriate in the circumstances, and, in particular, may direct-
( a ) that , notwithstanding paragraph 13( 3) above, an employee
shall not be excluded from his rights under paragraph 4
above where the effective date of termination falls within
a transitional period which is specified in the order and
is a period ending with the date on which the order
under this paragraph takes effect and shall have an extended
time for presenting a complaint under Part III of this
Schedule in respect of a dismissal where the effective date
of termination falls within that period, and
( b) that in determining any complaint of unfair dismissal pre-
sented by an employee to whom the dismissal procedures
agreement applies, where the effective date of termination
falls within that transitional period, an industrial tribunal
shall have regard to such considerations ( in addition to
those specified in Part III of this Schedule) as may be
specified in the order.
Pressure on employer to dismiss unfairly
[ Section 33]
15. In determining, for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule
any question as to the reason, or principal reason, for which an
employee was dismissed or any question whether the reason or
principal reason for which an employee was dismissed was a reason
fulfilling the requirements of paragraph 6(1)(b) above or whether
the employer acted reasonably in treating it as a sufficient reason
for dismissing him, -
( a) no account shall be taken of any pressure which, by calling,
organising, procuring or financing a strike or other industrial
action, or threatening to do so, was exercised on the
employer to dismiss the employee, and
(b) any such question shall be determined as if no such pressure
had been exercised.
SCH. 1
PART III
JURISDICTION AND PROCEDURE OF INDUSTRIAL TRIBUNALS
Extended scope of industrial tribunals
[ Section 100]
16.- (1 ) Tribunals established under section 12 of the Industrial 1964 с. 16.
Training Act 1964 shall, by the name of industrial tribunals, con-
tinue to exercise the jurisdiction conferred on them by or under 1965 с. 62.
that Act, the Redundancy Payments Act 1965, the Docks and 1966 с. 28.
Harbours Act 1966, the Selective Employment Payments Act 1966, 1966 с. 32.
the Equal Pay Act 1970 and the Contracts of Employment Act 1970 c. 41 .
1972 and also the jurisdiction conferred on them by or under this 1972 с. 53.
Act .
1770 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH . 1 Complaint to industrial tribunal of unfair dismissal
[ Section 106 ]
17.- (1 ) A complaint may be presented to an industrial tribunal
against an employer by any person (in this Part and Part IV of
this Schedule referred to as the complainant) that he was unfairly
dismissed by the employer or by a person acting on the employer's
behalf.
( 2) Where on a complaint under this paragraph the industrial
tribunal-
( a ) finds that the grounds of the complaint are well-founded,
and
(b ) considers that it would be practicable and in accordance with
equity, for the complainant to be reinstated or re-engaged
by the employer or to be engaged by a successor of the
employer or by an associated employer,
the tribunal shall make a recommendation to that effect, stating the
terms on which it considers that it would be reasonable for the
complainant to be so reinstated, re-engaged or engaged.
( 3) Where on such a complaint the industrial tribunal finds that
the grounds of the complaint are well-founded, but-
( a ) the tribunal does not make such a recommendation as
aforesaid, or
( b) the tribunal makes such a recommendation, and (for what-
ever reason) the recommendation is not complied with,
the tribunal shall make an award of compensation, to be paid by
the employer to the complainant, in respect of the dismissal.
National security
[ Section 159]
18.- (1) If on a complaint under paragraph 17 above it is shown
that the action to which the complaint relates was taken for the
purpose of safeguarding national security, the industrial tribunal shall
dismiss the complaint.
( 2) A certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a
Minister of the Crown, and certifying--
( a ) that action specified in the certificate was taken for the
purpose of safeguarding national security, or
( b ) that a particular request for information could not be
complied with except by disclosing information the dis-
closure of which would have been against the interests
of national security.
shall for the purposes of this Schedule be conclusive evidence of the
fact so certified.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52
1771
General principles as to assessment of compensation
[ Section 116 ]
19.- ( 1) Where in any proceedings on a complaint under paragraph
17 above an industrial tribunal makes an award of compensation
to be paid by a party to the proceedings ( in this paragraph referred
to as the party in default ) to another party ( in this paragraph
referred to as the aggrieved party ), the amount of the compensation
shall, subject to paragraph 20 below, be such amount as the tribunal
considers just and equitable in all the circumstances, having regard
to the loss sustained by the aggrieved party in consequence of the
matters to which the complaint relates, in so far as that loss was
attributable to action taken by or on behalf of the party in default.
( 2 ) The said loss shall be taken to include-
( a ) any expenses reasonably incurred by the aggrieved party in
consequence of the matters to which the complaint relates,
and
( b ) loss of any benefit which he might reasonably be expected
to have had but for those matters,
subject, however, to the application of the same rule concerning the
duty of a person to mitigate his loss as applies in relation to damages
recoverable under the common law of England and Wales or of
Scotland, as the case may be.
( 3) Where the industrial tribunal finds that the matters to which
the complaint relates were to any extent caused or contributed to
by any action of the aggrieved party in connection with those matters,
the tribunal shall reduce its assessment of his loss to such extent as,
having regard to that finding, the tribunal considers just and
equitable.
( 4) Where, on a complaint under paragraph 17 above, the indus-
trial tribunal has made a recommendation in accordance with sub-
paragraph (2) of that paragraph, and that recommendation is not
complied with, then-
( a ) if the tribunal finds that the reason for which it was not
complied with was that the aggrieved party refused an
offer of re-instatement, re-engagement or engagement on
the terms stated in the recommendation, and the tribunal
considers that he acted unreasonably in doing so, the
tribunal ( without prejudice to the generality of the rule
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) above) shall reduce the
assessment of his loss, or
( b ) if the tribunal finds that the reason for which the recom-
mendation was not complied with was that the employer
in question refused or failed to make such an offer, and
the tribunal considers that he acted unreasonably in doing
so, the tribunal shall increase that assessment,
to such extent (in either case ) as in the circumstances the tribunal
considers just and equitable.
SCH. 1
1772 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1 ( 5) In determining , on a complaint under paragraph 17 above,
how far any loss sustained by the aggrieved party was attributable
to action taken by or on behalf of the employer, no account shall
be taken of any pressure which was exercised on the employer as
mentioned in paragraph 15( a ) above, and that question shall be
determined as if no such pressure had been exercised .
Limit on compensation
[ Section 118]
20.- (1) The amount of compensation which is awarded to a
person under paragraph 17 above shall not exceed-
( a ) the amount which, in his case, represents 104 weeks' pay,
or
( b) £ 5,200 ( that is to say, 104 × £50),
whichever is the less.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall make provision by regulations
for calculating the amount of a week's pay for the purposes of this
paragraph .
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument provide that , subject to such transitional provisions (if
any) as may be contained in the order, sub-paragraph (1 ) above shall
have effect as if , for the references to £5,200 and £ 50, there were
substituted references to such larger sums as may be specified in
the order.
( 4 ) No order shall be made under this paragraph unless a draft
of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by
a resolution of each House of Parliament.
Regulations as to tribunal procedure
[ Schedule 6, paragraphs 1 to 5 and 11]
21 .- (1) Regulations (in this Part of this Schedule referred to as
"the regulations ") may make such provision as appears to the
Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient with respect to
proceedings before industrial tribunals.
( 2 ) The regulations may in particular include provision-
( a ) for determining by which tribunal any appeal, question
or complaint is to be determined ;
( b ) for treating the Secretary of State ( either generally or in
such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations)
as a party to any proceedings before an industrial tribunal,
where he would not otherwise be a party to them, and
entitling him to appear and to be heard accordingly.
( c ) for requiring persons to attend to give evidence and produce
documents, and for authorising the administration of oaths
to witnesses ;
( d ) for granting to any person such discovery or inspection of
documents or right to further particulars as might be granted
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1773
by a county court in England and Wales or, in Scotland, for
granting to any such person such recovery or inspection of
SCH . 1
documents as might be granted by the sheriff ;
(e ) for prescribing the procedure to be followed on any appeal,
reference or complaint or other proceedings before an
industrial tribunal, including provisions as to the persons
entitled to appear and to be heard on behalf of parties
to such proceedings , and provisions for enabling an indus-
trial tribunal to review its decisions, and revoke or vary
its orders and awards, in such circumstances as may be
determined in accordance with the regulations ;
( f ) for the appointment of one or more assessors for the
purposes of any proceedings before an industrial tribunal,
where the proceedings are brought under an enactment
which provides for one or more assessors to be appointed ;
( g ) for the award of costs or expenses, including any allowances
payable under section 12( 3) of the Industrial Training Act 1964 c. 16.
1964 other than allowances payable to members of indus-
trial tribunals or assessors ;
( h ) for taxing or otherwise settling any such costs or expenses
(and, in particular, in England and Wales, for enabling
such costs to be taxed in the county court) ; and
(i ) for the registration and proof of decisions, orders and awards
of industrial tribunals.
( 3 ) In relation to proceedings on complaints under paragraph 17
above the regulations shall include provision-
( a ) for requiring a copy of any such complaint, and a copy
of any notice relating to it which is lodged by or on
behalf of the employer against whom the complaint is
made, to be sent to a conciliation officer ;
( b ) for securing that the complainant and the employer against
whom the complaint is made are notified that the services
of a conciliation officer are available to them ; and
( c ) for postponing the hearing of any such complaint for such
period as may be determined in accordance with the
regulations for the purpose of giving an opportunity for
the complaint to be settled by way of conciliation and
withdrawn.
( 4) An industrial tribunal shall not consider a complaint under
paragraph 17 above unless it is presented to the tribunal before the
end of the period of three months beginning with the effective date
of termination or within such further period as the tribunal considers
reasonable in a case where it is satisfied that it was not reasonably
practicable for the complaint to be presented within the period of
three months.
( 5) The regulations may enable an industrial tribunal to sit
in private for the purpose of hearing evidence which in the opinion
of the tribunal relates to matters of such a nature that it would
be against the interests of national security to allow the evidence
1774 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1950 с. 27 .
1965 с. 62
to be given in public or hearing evidence from any person which in
the opinion of the tribunal is likely to consist of-
( a ) information which he could not disclose without contra-
vening a prohibition imposed by or under any enactment ;
or
(b) any information which has been communicated to him in
confidence, or which he has otherwise obtained in con-
sequence of the confidence reposed in him by another
person ; or
( c ) information the disclosure of which would, for reasons
other than its effect on negotiations with respect to any of
the matters mentioned in section 29(1) above, be seriously
prejudicial to the interests of any undertaking of his or any
undertaking in which he works.
( 6 ) Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply
with any requirement imposed by the regulations by virtue of sub-
paragraph (2)( c ) above or any requirement with respect to the
discovery, recovery or inspection of documents so imposed by virtue
of sub-paragraph (2)( d ) above shall be liable on summary conviction
to a fine not exceeding £100.
Exclusion of Arbitration Act 1950
[Schedule 6, paragraph 7]
22. The Arbitration Act 1950 shall not apply to any proceedings
before an industrial tribunal.
Presumption as to dismissal for redundancy
[ Schedule 6, paragraph 8]
23. Where in accordance with the regulations an industrial
tribunal determines in the same proceedings-
( a ) a question referred to it under Part I of the Redundancy
Payments Act 1965, and
( b ) a complaint presented under paragraph 17 above,
section 9(2)(b) of that Act (whereby a dismissal is to be presumed,
unless the contrary is proved, to have been by reason of redundancy )
shall not have effect for the purposes of the proceedings in so far
as they relate to the complaint under paragraph 17 above.
Right of appearance
[ Schedule 6, paragraph 9]
24. Any person may appear before an industrial tribunal in person
or be represented by counsel or by a solicitor or by a representative
of a trade union or an employers' association or by any other person
whom he desires to represent him.
Recovery of sums awarded
[ Schedule 6, paragraph 10]
25.- (1 ) Any sum payable in pursuance of a decision of an
industrial tribunal in England and Wales which has been registered
in accordance with the regulations shall, if a county court so orders,
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1775
be recoverable by execution issued from the county court or other-
wise as if it were payable under an order of that court.
( 2) Any order for the payment of any sum made by an industrial
tribunal in Scotland may be enforced in like manner as a recorded
decree arbitral.
( 3) In this paragraph any reference to a decision or order of an
industrial tribunal-
( a ) does not include a decision or order which, on being re-
viewed, has been revoked by the tribunal, and
( b) in relation to a decision or order which, on being reviewed,
has been varied by the tribunal, shall be construed as a
reference to the decision or order as so varied.
SCH. 1
PART IV
CONCILIATION OFFICERS, AND MISCELLANEOUS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Conciliation officers
[ Section 146 ]
26.-( 1) The Secretary of State shall appoint conciliation officers
to perform the functions specified in the following provisions of this
paragraph, subject to the approval of the Minister for the Civil
Service as to their numbers and as to their terms and conditions of
service .
( 2) Where a complaint has been presented to an industrial
tribunal by the complainant under paragraph 17 above, and a copy of
it has been sent to a conciliation officer, it shall be the duty of ofthe
conciliation officer-
( a ) if he is requested to do so by the complainant and by the
employer against whom it was presented, or
( b ) if , in the absence of any such request, the conciliation
officer considers that he could act under this sub-paragraph
with a reasonable prospect of success,
to endeavour to promote a settlement of the complaint without its
being determined by an industrial tribunal.
( 3) For the purpose of promoting such a settlement , in a case
where the complainant has ceased to be employed by the employer
against whom the complaint was made, -
(a ) the conciliation officer shall in particular seek to promote
the reinstatement or re- engagement of the complainant by
the employer, or his engagement by a successor of the
employer or by an associated employer, on terms appearing
to the conciliation officer to be equitable ; but
(b) where such reinstatement, re-engagement or engagement is
not practicable or cannot be agreed between the parties to
the complaint ,
1776 SCH . 1
1944 с. 31.
c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
and they desire the conciliation officer to act under this
paragraph, he shall seek to promote agreement between
them as to a sum by way of compensation to be paid by
the employer to the complainant.
( 4 ) Where at any time-
( a ) after the complainant has ceased to be employed by an
employer, in circumstances where the employee claims that
he was unfairly dismissed, but
( b ) before any complaint relating to that claim has been pre-
sented by the claimant under paragraph 17 above,
a request is made to a conciliation officer ( whether by the employer
or by the employee) to make his services available to them, the
conciliation officer shall act in accordance with sub- paragraph ( 2)
and (3) above as if a complaint had been presented in pursuance of
that claim .
( 5 ) Anything communicated to a conciliation officer in connec-
tion with the performance of his functions under this paragraph
shall not be admissible in evidence in any proceedings before an
industrial tribunal, except with the consent of the person who
communicated it to that officer.
Teacher in aided school dismissed on requirement of local
education authority
[ Section 148]
27.-(1 ) Where a teacher in an aided school is dismissed by the
governors or managers of the school in pursuance of a requirement
of the local education authority under paragraph ( a ) of the proviso
to section 24( 2) of the Education Act 1944, Parts II and III of this
Schedule shall have effect in relation to the dismissal as if-
( a ) the local education authority had at all material times been
the teacher's employer, and
( b) the local education authority had dismissed him, and the
reason or principal reason for which they did so had been
the reason or principal reason for which they required his
dismissal.
( 2 ) For the purposes of a complaint under paragraph 17 above
as applied by this paragraph, paragraph 19 above shall have effect
as if-
( a ) in sub-paragraph ( 4)( b), for the words " the employer in
question refused or failed to make such an offer, and the
tribunal considers that he acted unreasonably in doing so
"
there were substituted the words " the local education
authority refused or failed to permit the aggrieved party
to be re-engaged, and the tribunal considers that they acted
unreasonably in doing so ", and
( b ) in sub-paragraph ( 5 ), any reference to the employer were
a reference to the local education authority.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c . 52 1777
Race Relations Act 1968
SCH. 1
[ Section 149]
28.- (1 ) Where under the Race Relations Act 1968 a complaint 1968 c. 71 .
is made to the Secretary of State or the Race Relations Board that
an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of section 3(1)
of that Act, or a matter falling to be investigated by that Board
raises the question whether any such act has been done, then, if it
appears to the Secretary of State or the Board-
( a ) that that act is one in respect of which a complaint of
unfair dismissal has been presented to an industrial tribunal
under paragraph 17 above, or in respect of which a com-
plaint could be so presented (or could have been so
presented if the requirements of industrial tribunal regula-
tions relating to it had been complied with ), and
( b ) that a complaint so presented to an industrial tribunal has
not been dismissed by virtue of any provision contained in
or made under paragraphs 9 to 13 above or ( as the case
may be) would not fall or have fallen to be so dismissed,
the Secretary of State or the Board shall not proceed any further
under that Act in relation to that act , except to the extent provided
by the following provisions of this paragraph.
( 2 ) If , on determining a complaint of unfair dismissal presented
under paragraph 17 above, an industrial tribunal has recorded a
finding that the dismissal of the claimant was unfair and also that
the reason or one of the reasons for the dismissal was the com-
plainant's colour, race or ethnic or national origin, then, sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) above shall not preclude the Secretary of State or the
Race Relations Board-
( a ) from proceeding under that Act for the purpose of securing
a written assurance against a repetition of that action, in
accordance with section 15( 3)(b) of that Act or in accord-
ance with paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 or paragraph 2 or
8 of Schedule 3 to that Act, or
( b ) from proceeding under that Act ( whether by way of bring-
ing proceedings or otherwise ) in consequence of forming
an opinion or receiving a report that a written assurance
so secured has been broken.
(3) The Secretary of State or the Race Relations Board may
proceed in accordance with sub-paragraph (2)(a) or (b) above
notwithstanding any limitation imposed by the Race Relations
Act 1968 as to the time within which anything may be done under
thatAct.
( 4 ) In this paragraph any reference to the Race Relations Board
shall be construed as including references-
( a ) to any conciliation committee constituted under the Race
Relations Act 1968, and
( b ) to any other body of persons to whom a matter could be
referred for investigation under Schedule 2 or Schedule 3
to that Act.
1778 c . 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1965 с. 62.
1972 с. 11.
1972 с. 53. Redundancy payments
[ Section 150]
29.- (1 ) Regulations may make provision with respect to cases
where a complaint of unfair dismissal is presented to an industrial
tribunal under paragraph 17 above, and a redundancy payment or an
equivalent payment has been paid, or has been or is claimed, in
respect of the same dismissal.
( 2) Any such regulations may make such modifications of the
provisions of Part III of this Schedule or of the Redundancy Pay-
ments Act 1965, as the Secretary of State may consider appropriate,
including-
( a ) provisions excluding the right to a redundancy payment or
equivalent payment, or requiring any such payment to be
repaid, or
( b ) provisions requiring a rebate under section 30 of that
Act or a sum payable under section 41( 2) of that Act to
be withheld or reduced, or (where already paid ) to be
recoverable in whole or in part, and on being so recovered
to be paid into the Redundancy Fund,
in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations.
( 3) In section 21 of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 ( claims
for redundancy payments), at the end of paragraph ( c ) there shall
be added the words " or
( d ) a complaint relating to his dismissal has been presented
by the employee under paragraph 17 of Schedule 1 to
the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 ".
( 4) In this paragraph " equivalent payment " means any payment
which is either-
( a ) a payment made or falling to be made as mentioned in
paragraph (b) or paragraph ( c ) of section 30(1) of the
Redundancy Payments Act 1965, or
(b) a payment in respect of the termination of a person's
employment, made in accordance with a scheme under sec-
tion 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 or in accordance
with any such arrangements as are mentioned in section 41 (3)
of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965.
( 5 ) No regulations shall be made under this paragraph unless
a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and
approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.
Period of continuous employment
[ Section 151]
30.- (1 ) The provisions of Schedule 1 to the Contracts of Employ-
ment Act 1972 ( computation of period of employment ), and the
provisions of any order for the time being in force under section 10
of that Act in so far as it modifies that Schedule, shall have effect
for the purposes of this Act in determining for what period an
employee has been continuously employed.
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1779
( 2 ) For the purposes of any proceedings under this Schedule a
SCH. 1
person's employment during any period shall, unless the contrary
is shown, be presumed to have been continuous.
( 3 ) Regulations made by the Secretary of State may make
provision-
( a ) for preserving the continuity of a person's period of employ-
ment for the purposes of Schedule 1 to the Contracts of 1972 c. 53
Employment Act 1972, or for the purposes of that Schedule
as applied by or under any other enactment specified in
the regulations , or
( b ) for modifying or excluding the operation of section 24 of
the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 (which requires the 1965 c. 62 .
continuity of the period of employment to be treated as
broken for the purposes of that Act where a redundancy
payment is paid to an employee and he is subsequently
re-engaged) , subject to the recovery of any sum which,
in accordance with subsection ( 3) of that section, is treated
as payment of a redundancy payment,
in cases where, in consequence of action to which sub-paragraph (4 )
below applies, a dismissed employee is re-engaged by his employer
or is engaged by a successor of that employer or by an associated
employer.
( 4 ) This sub-paragraph applies to any action taken in relation
to the dismissal of an employee which consists-
( a ) of the presentation by him of a complaint under paragraph
17 above, or
( b ) of his making a claim in accordance with a dismissal pro-
cedures agreement designated by an order under para-
graph 13 above, or
( c ) of any action taken by a conciliation officer under paragraph
26 ( 4 ) above.
:
Nominations by members of trade unions
[ Section 155 ]
31 .- (1 ) Regulations may make provision-
( a ) for enabling members of trade unions who are not under
sixteen years of age to nominate a person or persons
to become entitled, on the death of the person making
the nomination, to the whole or part of any money payable
on his death out of the funds of the trade union of which
he is a member ; and
( b ) for enabling any money payable out of the funds of a
trade union on the death of a member of the trade union,
to an amount not exceeding £ 500, to be paid or distributed
on his death ( whether in accordance with such a nomination
or otherwise) without letters of administration, probate
of any will or confirmation.
1780 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1876 с. 22.
( 2) Any regulations made in accordance with sub-paragraph (1 )(a )
above-
( a ) may include provision as to the manner in which nominations
may be made and as to the manner in which nominations
may be varied or revoked, and
( b) may provide that, subject to such exceptions as may be
prescribed, no nomination made by a member of a trade
union shall be valid if at the date of the nomination
the person nominated is an officer or employee of the
trade union or is otherwise connected with the trade
union in such manner as may be prescribed by the
regulations .
( 3) Any regulations under this section may include such incidental,
transitional or supplementary provisions as the Secretary of State
may consider appropriate and, in particular, any such regulations
made in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) (a) above may include
provision for securing, to such extent and subject to such conditions
as may be prescribed in the regulations, that nominations made
under the Trade Union Act Amendment Act 1876 shall have effect
as if they have been made under the regulations and may be
varied or revoked accordingly.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instru-
ment direct that, in relation to deaths occurring after the end of
the period of one month beginning with the date on which the
order comes into force, sub-paragraph (1)( b) above shall have effect
as if, for the reference to £ 500, there were substituted a reference
to such higher amount as may be specified in the order.
( 5) No order shall be made under sub- paragraph ( 4 ) above unless
a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved
by a resolution of each House of Parliament.
Restrictions on contracting out
[ Section 161]
32.- ( 1 ) Except as provided by sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, any
provision in an agreement ( whether a contract of employment or
not) shall be void in so far as it purports-
( a ) to exclude or limit the operation of any provision of this
Act; or
( b ) to preclude any person from presenting a complaint to or
bringing any proceedings before an industrial tribunal under
thisAct .
( 2) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply-
( a ) to any union membership agreement ;
( b ) to any provision of an agreement relating to dismissal
from employment such as is mentioned in paragraph 12(b)
above ;
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52
1781
( c) to any provision in a dismissal procedures agreement exclud-
ing rights under paragraph 4 above if that provision is
not to have effect unless an order under paragraph 13
above is for the time being in force in respect of it ;
( d ) to any agreement to refrain from presenting a complaint
under paragraph 17 above, where in compliance with a
request under paragraph 26( 4) above a conciliation officer
has taken action in accordance with that sub-paragraph ;
(e) to any agreement to refrain from proceeding with a com-
plaint presented under paragraph 17 above where a con-
ciliation officer has taken action in accordance with para-
graph 26( 2) and (3) above.
SCH. 1
Employment under the Crown
[ Section 162]
33.- ( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the
provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to Crown employ-
ment and to workers in Crown employment as they have effect
in relation to other employment and to other workers.
( 2) In this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph ( 4) below) “ Crown
employment " means employment under or for the purposes of a
government department, otherwise than as a member of the naval,
military or air forces of the Crown or of any women's service
administered by the Defence Council, and " Crown employee
"
means a person who is for the time being in Crown employment or
( where it has ceased ) was in Crown employment.
( 3) For the purposes of the application of the provisions of this
Act in relation to Crown employment in accordance with sub-
paragraph ( 1) above-
(a ) any reference to an employee shall be construed as a refer-
ence to a Crown employee ;
( b) any reference to dismissal shall be construed as a reference
to the termination of Crown employment ;
(c ) any reference to redundancy shall be construed as a refer-
ence to the existence of such circumstances as, in accordance
with any arrangements for the time being in force as men-
tioned in section 41(3) of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 c. 62.
1965, are treated as equivalent to redundancy in relation to
Crown employment ;
(d ) the reference in paragraph 21(5)(c) above to any person's
undertaking or an undertaking in which he works shall be
construed as a reference to the national interest ; and
(e) any other reference to an undertaking shall be construed,
in relation to a Minister of the Crown, as a reference to his
functions or (as the context may require) to the department
of which he is in charge, and, in relation to a government
department, shall be construed as a reference to the func-
tions of the department or ( as the context may require)
to the department.
1782 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 1
1965 с. 62.
1953 с. 50.
( 4) For the purposes of this Act-
( a ) none of the bodies specified in Schedule 3 to the Redundancy
Payments Act 1965 ( national health service employers)
shall be regarded as performing functions on behalf of the
Crown, and their employees shall not be regarded as being
employed under or for the purposes of a government
department, and accordingly employment by any such
body shall not be Crown employment within the meaning
of this paragraph ;
( b) associations established for the purposes of the Auxiliary
Forces Act 1953 shall be treated as if they were govern-
ment departments, and accordingly employment by any
such association shall be Crown employment within the
meaning of this paragraph ;
and for the purposes of this paragraph Crown employment does not
include any employment in respect of which a certificate to which
sub-paragraph ( 5 ) below applies is for the time being in force.
( 5) This sub-paragraph applies to any certificate issued by or on
behalf of a Minister of the Crown and certifying that employment
of a description specified in the certificate, or the employment of a
particular person so specified, is ( or at a time specified in the certifi-
cate was) required to be excepted from sub-paragraph (1) above for
the purpose of safeguarding national security ; and any document
purporting to be a certificate so issued shall be received in evidence
and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be such a
certificate.
Section 11. SCHEDULE 2
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING TO TRADE UNIONS
AND EMPLOYERS' ASSOCIATIONS
PART I
ANNUAL RETURNS, AND QUALIFICATIONS, APPOINTMENT
AND REMOVAL, AND FUNCTIONS, OF AUDITORS
Annual returns
1.- (1) Subject to paragraph 5 below, the annual return of a trade
union or an employers' association required by section 11 ( 2) above
shall be sent to the Registrar before 1st June and shall relate to the
last preceding calendar year.
( 2) The annual return shall be in such form and be signed by
such persons as the Registrar may require.
2. Every annual return shall contain-
( a ) revenue accounts indicating the income and expenditure of
the trade union or employers' association for the period
to which the return relates ;
(b) a balance sheet as at the end of that period ;
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1783
( c ) such other accounts ( if any ) as the Registrar may require ;
and
( d ) a copy of the rules of the trade union or employers' associa-
tion as in force at the end of that period ;
and shall have attached to it a note of all changes in the officers of
the union or association and of any change in the address of the head
or main office of the union or association during the period to which
the return relates.
3. Every revenue account, every balance sheet and every other
account contained in a return in accordance with paragraph 2
above shall give a true and fair view of the matters to which it
relates.
4. Every return, in addition to containing the accounts mentioned
in paragraph 2 above, shall contain a copy of the report made by
the auditor or auditors of the trade union or employers' association
on those accounts under paragraph 18 below and such other docu-
ments relating to those accounts and such further particulars as
the Registrar may require, subject in the case of the accounts
contained in the return to such modifications (if any) as may be
necessary to secure compliance with paragraph 3 above.
5. The Registrar, if in any particular case he considers it appro-
priate to do so-
( a ) may direct that the period for which a return is to be
sent to him under section 11( 2) above shall be a period
other than the calendar year last preceding the date on
which the return is sent ;
( b ) whether a direction under sub-paragraph ( a ) above is given
or not, may direct that the date before which any such
return is to be sent to him shall be such date ( whether
before or after 1st June ) as may be specified in the
direction.
SCH. 2
Qualifications of auditors
6. Subject to paragraphs 7 to 9 below, a person shall not be
qualified to be the auditor or one of the auditors of a trade
union or employers' association unless he is either a member of
one or more of the following bodies-
( a ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
( b) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
( c ) the Association of Certified Accountants ;
( d ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
( e ) any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the pur-
poses of section 161(1)(a) of the Companies Act 1948 1948 с. 38.
by the Secretary of State,
or a person who is for the time being authorised by the Secretary
of State under section 161(1)(b) of that Act as being a person with
similar qualifications obtained outside the United Kingdom.
1784 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 2
1871 с. 31 .
1948 с. 38.
7. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 6 above, a Scottish
firm may act as auditor of a trade union or employers' association if ,
but only if, every partner of the firm is qualified so to act.
8. A person who is not qualified under paragraph 6 above may
act in respect of any accounting period as auditor of a trade union
or employers' association if-
( a ) it was registered under the Trade Union Acts 1871 to
1964 on 30th September 1971 ;
( b ) he acted as its auditor in respect of the last period in relation
to which it was required to make an annual return under
section 16 of the Trade Union Act 1871 ;
( c ) he has acted as its auditor in respect of every accounting
period since that period ; and
( d ) he is for the time being authorised by the Secretary of State
under section 161 (1)( b) of the Companies Act 1948 other-
wise than as mentioned in paragraph 6 above.
9.- (1 ) Two or more persons who are not qualified under para-
graph 6 above may act as auditors of a trade union or employers'
association in respect of any accounting period of that union or
association if-
( a ) its receipts and payments in respect of its last preceding
accounting period did not in the aggregrate exceed £5,000 ;
( b ) the number of its members at the end of its last preceding
accounting period did not exceed 500 ; and
( c ) the value of its assets at the end of its last preceding account-
ing period did not in the aggregrate exceed £5,000.
( 2) Where by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above persons who are
not qualified under paragraph 6 above act as auditors in respect
of any accounting period of a trade union or employers' association,
the Registrar may at any time ( whether during that period or after
it comes to an end) direct the trade union or employers' association
to appoint a person who is so qualified to audit its accounts for
thatperiod.
( 3) Regulations may-
( a ) substitute for any sum or number for the time being specified
in sub- paragraph (1) above such sum or number as may
be specified in the regulations ; and
( b) prescribe what receipts and payments shall be taken into
account for the purposes of that sub-paragraph.
10.- (1 ) None of the following persons shall act as auditor of a
trade union or employers' association, that is to say-
(a ) an officer or employee of the trade union or employers'
association or of any of its branches or sections ;
( b ) a person who is a partner of , or in the employment of, or
who employs, such an officer or employee ;
( c ) a body corporate.
( 2) References in this paragraph to an officer shall be construed
as not including an auditor .
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52
1785
Appointment and removal of auditors
11. The rules of every trade union and every employers' associa-
tion shall contain provision for the appointment and removal of
auditors.
12. Notwithstanding anything in the rules of a trade union or
employers' association, its auditor or auditors shall not be removed
from office except by resolution passed at a general meeting of its
members, or of delegates of its members.
13.- (1) Notwithstanding anything in the rules of a trade union
or employers' association , a qualified auditor appointed to audit its
accounts for the preceding year of account shall (subject to sub-
paragraph (2) of this paragraph ) be re-appointed as auditor for the
current year of account unless-
( a ) a resolution has been passed at a general meeting of the trade
union or employers' association appointing somebody
instead of him or providing expressly that he shall not
be re-appointed, or
( b) he has given to the trade union or employers' association
notice in writing of his unwillingness to be re- appointed, or
( c ) he is ineligible for appointment as its auditor or one of its
auditors for the current year of account, or
( d ) he has ceased to act as its auditor or one of its auditors
by reason of incapacity.
( 2) Where notice is given of an intended resolution to appoint
some person or persons in place of a retiring auditor and the
resolution cannot be proceeded with at the meeting because of the
death or incapacity of that person or persons, or because he or they
are ineligible for appointment as auditor or auditors for the current
year ear of account, the retiring auditor shall not be automatically
re-appointed by virtue of this paragraph.
( 3) For the purposes of this paragraph a person is ineligible for
appointment as auditor of a trade union or employers' association
for the current year of account if , but only if, -
( a ) he would be precluded by paragraph 10 above from acting
as its auditor for that year, or
( b) he is not a qualified auditor at the time when the question
of his appointment falls to be considered.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " qualified auditor ", in relation to a trade
union or employers' association, means a person qualified to be its
auditor or one of its auditors in accordance with paragraphs 6 to 9
above, " the current year of account ", in relation to the appointment
of a person as auditor, means the year of account in which the
question of that appointment arises, and " the preceding year of
account " means the year of account immediately preceding the
current year of account.
14. Regulations may make provision as to the procedure to be
followed when it is intended to move a resolution-
( a ) appointing another auditor or other auditors in place of a
retiring auditor or retiring auditors of a trade union or an
employers' association, or
SCH. 2
1786 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 2 (b) providing expressly that a retiring auditor or auditors of a
trade union or an employers' association shall not be
re- appointed,
and as to the rights of auditors and members of a trade union or
an employers' association in relation to such a motion.
15.- (1 ) Where any regulations made under paragraph 14 above
require copies of any representations made by a retiring auditor
to be sent out, or require any such representations to be read out
at a meeting, the High Court or the Court of Session, on the
application of the trade union or employers' association or of any
other person, may dispense with that requirement if satisfied that
the rights conferred on the retiring auditor by the regulations are
being abused to secure needless publicity for defamatory matter.
( 2) On any such application the High Court or the Court of
Session may order the costs or expenses of the trade union or
employers' association to be paid, in whole or in part , by the
retiring auditor, whether he is a party to the application or not.
Auditor's right of access to books and information and right to be
heard at meetings
16. Every auditor of a trade union or an employers' association-
( a ) shall have a right of access at all times to its accounting
records and to all other documents relating to its affairs,
and
( b) shall be entitled to require from its officers, or the officers
of any of its branches or sections, such information and
explanations as he thinks necessary for the performance of
his duties as auditor.
17. Every auditor of a trade union or an employers' association
shall be entitled-
( a ) to attend any general meetings of its members, or of delegates
of its members, and to receive all notices of and other
communications relating to any general meeting which any
such member or delegate is entitled to receive, and
(b ) to be heard at any meeting which he attends on any part
of the business of the meeting which concerns him as
auditor.
Auditors ' reports
18. The auditor or auditors of a trade union or an employers'
association shall make a report to it on the accounts of the trade
union or employers' association audited by him or them and
contained in its annual return.
19. The report shall state whether, in the opinion of the auditor
or auditors, those accounts give a true and fair view of the matters
to which they relate.
20. It shall be the duty of the auditor or auditors, in preparing
a report under paragraph 18 above, to carry out such investigations
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1787
as will enable him or them to form an opinion as to the following
matters, that is to say-
( a ) whether the trade union or employers' association has kept
proper accounting records in accordance with the require-
ments of section 10 above ;
( b) whether it has maintained a satisfactory system of control
over its transactions in accordance with the requirements
of that section ; and
( c) whether the accounts to which the report refers are in
agreement with the accounting records ;
and if in the opinion of the auditor or auditors the trade union or
employers' association has failed to comply with section 10(2)( a) or
( b ) above or if the accounts to which the report relates are not in
agreement with the accounting records, the auditor or auditors shall
state that fact in the report .
21. If an auditor fails to obtain all the information and explana-
tions which, to the best of his knowledge and belief , are necessary
for the purposes of an audit , he shall state that fact in his report.
22. In this Part of this Schedule " accounting period ", in relation
to a trade union or an employers' association, means any period in
relation to which it is required under section 11( 2 ) above to send a
return to the Registrar.
SCH. 2
PART II
MEMBERS' SUPERANNUATION SCHEMES
Examination of superannuation schemes
23. Subject to paragraphs 29 to 31 below, every trade union and
every employers' association which at the commencement of this Part
of this Schedule is maintaining a members' superannuation scheme
shall arrange for the scheme, as it has effect at a date not later
than two years from the commencement of this Part of this Schedule,
to be examined by an appropriately qualified actuary, and for the
actuary to make a report to the trade union or employers ' association
on the results of his examination of the scheme.
24. Where a members' superannuation scheme to which paragraph
23 above applies includes provision for the maintenance of a separate
fund for the purpose of the scheme, the examination under that
paragraph shall include a valuation (as at the date by reference to
which the examination is carried out ) of the assets comprised in that
fund and of the liabilities falling to be discharged out of it .
25. The report made by the actuary on the results of his
examination of any such scheme-
(a ) shall state whether in his opinion the premium or contribu-
tion rates are adequate and whether the accounting or
funding arrangements are suitable, and
1788 с. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 2 ( b ) if the scheme provides for the maintenance of a separate
fund for the purposes of the scheme, shall state whether
in his opinion the fund is adequate.
26. A copy of any report made by an actuary under paragraph
23 above, signed by the actuary, shall be sent to the Registrar ; and
it shall be the duty of the trade union or employers' association to
make such arrangements under that paragraph as will enable the
report to be sent to the Registrar before the end of the period of
one year from the date by reference to which the actuarial examina-
tion was carried out.
27. Subject to paragraphs 30 and 31 below, no trade union or
employers' association shall after the commencement of this Part of
this Schedule begin to maintain a members' superannuation scheme
unless, before the date on which the scheme begins to be
maintained, -
( a ) the proposals for the scheme have been examined by an
appropriately qualified actuary ; and
( b) a copy of a report made to the trade union or employers'
association by the actuary on the results of his examination
of the proposals, signed by the actuary, has been sent to the
Registrar ;
and the provisions of paragraph 25 above shall have effect in relation
to a report under this paragraph on the proposals for a scheme as
they have effect in relation to a report on a scheme under
paragraph 23 above.
28. A copy of any report made to a trade union or employers'
association under paragraph 23 or paragraph 27 above shall, on the
application of any of its members, be supplied to him free of charge.
29. Where on the application of a trade union or employers'
association the Registrar is satisfied-
( a ) that a members' superannuation scheme maintained by it , as
it had effect at a date not more than two years before
the commencement of this Part of this Schedule, has been
examined by an actuary ;
( b) that the qualifications of the actuary were adequate for
the purpose of carrying out the examination ; and
( c ) that the examination, and the report made by the actuary
on its results , fulfil the requirements of paragraphs 24 and
25 above,
the Registrar may direct that paragraph 23 above shall have effect, in
relation to that scheme, as if for the reference to two years from
the commencement of this Part of this Schedule there were sub-
stituted a reference to five years from the date by reference to which
that examination was carried out.
30. The Registrar, on the application of a trade union or
employers' association, may exempt any members' superannuation
scheme which it maintains or proposes to maintain from the
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1789
requirements of paragraph 23 or (as the case may be ) paragraph 27
above, if he is satisfied that, by reason of the small number of
members to which the scheme is or would be applicable or for
any other special reasons, it is unnecessary for the scheme to be
examined in accordance with those requirements.
31. The Registrar may at any time revoke any exemption granted
under paragraph 30 above if it appears to him that the circum-
stances by reason of which the exemption was granted have ceased
to exist.
Periodical re-examination of schemes
32.- (1 ) Where a trade union or employers' association for the
time being maintains a members' superannuation scheme, and
either-
( a ) the scheme has been examined in pursuance of paragraph 23
above or in pursuance of this paragraph, or
( b) the scheme itself has not been so examined but the proposals
for the scheme have been examined in pursuance of para-
graph 27 above,
the trade union or employers' association in question shall arrange
for that scheme, as it has effect at each successive relevant date, to
be examined by an appropriately qualified actuary, and for a report
to be made to it by the actuary on the result of his examination of
the scheme.
( 2) Subject to the next following sub -paragraph, in this paragraph
" relevant date ", in relation to a members' superannuation scheme,
means such date as the trade union or employers' association in
question may determine, not being later than five years after the
date by reference to which the last examination of the scheme, or
( as the case may be) the examination of the proposals for the scheme,
was carried out in accordance with paragraph 23 or paragraph 27
above or in accordance with the preceding sub-paragraph.
( 3) In the case of any trade union or employers' association the
Registrar may direct that, in relation to any time after the making
of the direction, sub- paragraph ( 2) of this paragraph shall have effect
as if, for the reference to five years there was substituted a reference
to such shorter period as may be specified in the direction.
33. The provisions of paragraphs 24 to 26 and paragraph 28 above
shall have effect in relation to the examination of a scheme under
paragraph 32 above as they have effect in relation to the examination
of a scheme under paragraph 23 above.
Separate fund for members ' superannuation scheme
34. After the commencement of this Part of this Schedule no
trade union or employers' association shall maintain a members'
superannuation scheme which was not established before the com-
mencement of this Part of this Schedule unless it maintains a separate
fund for the payments of benefits in accordance with the scheme.
SCH. 2
1790 c. 52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 2 35. After the end of the period of five years beginning with the
date on which paragraph 34 above comes into operation no trade
union or employers' association shall maintain a members' super-
annuation scheme ( whenever established) unless it maintains a
separate fund for the payment of benefits in accordance with the
scheme.
Interpretation of Part II
36. In this Part of this Schedule-
(a ) " members' superannuation scheme " means any scheme or
arrangement made by or on behalf of a trade union or
employers' association (including any scheme or arrangement
shown in the rules of a trade union or employers' associa-
tion ) in so far as it provides for benefits to be paid by way
of pension (including any widows' or children's pensions
or dependants' pensions) to or in respect of members or
former members of the trade union or employers' associa-
tion and to be so paid either out of the funds ( whether the
general funds or any other fund ) of the trade union or
employers' association or under any insurance scheme main-
tained out of those funds ;
"
( b) " appropriately qualified actuary in relation to a trade
union or employers' association, means a person who is
either a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries or a Fellow of
the Faculty of Actuaries or is approved by the Registrar on
the application of the trade union or employers' association
as a person having actuarial knowledge ; and
( c ) " separate fund " means a fund separate from the general
funds of the trade unions or employers' association.
Section 25. SCHEDULE 3
MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS
The Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act 1875 (c. 86 )
1. In section 3 of the Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act
“
1875, for the words from an industrial dispute " to " 1971 " sub-
stitute the words " a trade dispute ".
The Trade Union Act 1913 (2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 30 )
2.- (1 ) The Trade Union Act 1913 shall be amended in accordance
with the following provisions of this paragraph.
( 2 ) For section 2( 1), substitute as new subsections ( 1) and (1A ) two
subsections in the same terms as subsections (1) and (2) respectively
of section 28 of this Act, but with the insertion in the definition of
"
employers ' association " in subsection ( 2 ), after the words
"
temporary) which ", of the words " is unincorporated and " .
( 3) In sections 3 to 6, for the words substituted by Schedule 8 to
the 1971 Act substitute the words contained in those sections immedi
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52
1791
ately before the substitutions were effected by that Act except in
the contexts specified in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below.
( 4 ) In sections 3(1) and 4 (1) omit the words from " whether the "
to " is registered or not " and in section 4( 2) the words " whether
registered or not ".
( 5 ) After section 6, insert-
"Appli-
cationof
6A. Sections 3 to 6 of, and the Schedule to, this Act
sections
shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation
3 to 6 to
to unincorporated employers' associations as they apply
employers' in relation to trade unions."
associations.
( 6 ) For section 7 substitute-
" 7. In any enactment relating to trade unions or employers'
associations, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression
" “
the Registrar of Friendly Societies means, in relation to a
trade union or employers' association whose office or head or
main office is situated in England or Wales, the Chief Registrar
of Friendly Societies, and in relation to a trade union or
employers' association whose office or head or main office
is situated in Scotland, the assistant registrar for Scotland. "
The Industrial Courts Act 1919 (c. 69)
3. In sections 1, 2, 3, 7 and 9, for the words " Industrial Court
ود
and " the Court " , wherever they occur (being words which
appeared in those subsections before being amended by Schedule 8
to the 1971 Act ) there shall continue to be substituted the words
" Industrial Arbitration Board " and " the Board " respectively.
The Road Haulage Wages Act 1938 (c. 44 )
4. In section 15(1) of the Road Haulage Wages Act 1938, for the
definition of " Trade Union " substitute the words ،،،،
Trade Union "
has the same meaning as in the Trade Union and Labour Relations
Act 1974 ".
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (c. 39)
5.- (1 ) The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948
shall be amended in accordance with the following provisions of this
paragraph.
( 2 ) In section 6(1), for the words from " an organisation of
workers " to " that Act " substitute the words 66
a trade union or an
employers' association ".
( 3) In section 16( 4 ), for the words substituted by the 1971 Act
substitute the words " trade union or employers ' association " .
( 4 ) In section 23( 1) insert the following-
" ( d ) the expressions " trade union " and " employers' associa-
tion " have the same meanings respectively as they have
in the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 ".
SCH. 3
1792 c. 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 3
1959 с. 69.
The House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (c. 20 )
6.- (1) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957, both in its application to the House of
Commons of the United Kingdom and in its application to the
Northern Ireland Assembly, -
(a ) there shall (at the appropriate place in alphabetical order)
be re-inserted the following entry-
" The Industrial Arbitration Board " ; and
( b) the entries relating to the Commission on Industrial
Relations and the National Industrial Relations Court shall
be omitted.
( 2) In Part III of that Schedule, in its application to the House
of Commons of the United Kingdom, the entry relating to the Chief
Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Trade Unions and Employers'
Associations shall be omitted and, in its application both to the
House of Commons of the United Kingdom and to the Northern
Ireland Assembly, at the end of the entry relating to members of
wages councils and other persons appointed under the Wages Coun-
cils Act 1959 insert the words " or Member of a Commission of
Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1(a) of Schedule 4 to that Act ".
The Insurance Companies Act 1958 (c. 72 )
7. In section 1 of the Insurance Companies Act 1958, after sub-
section ( 5) insert as a new subsection (5A ) in place of that inserted by
Schedule 8 to the 1971 Act the following-
" (5A) Where a trade union or an employers' association
carries on insurance business, this Act does not apply to it
as an insurance company if the insurance business is limited
to the provision for its members of provident benefits or strike
benefits.
In this subsection " trade union " and " employers' associa-
tion " have the same meanings respectively as they have in the
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974."
The Terms and Conditions of Employment Act 1959 ( c. 26 )
8. In section 8( 2) of the Terms and Conditions of Employment
Act 1959, for the words from " which is registered " to " 1971 , and is ,
or is " inserted by paragraph 2 of Schedule 7 to the 1971 Act
substitute the words " being or ".
The Wages Councils Act 1959 (c. 69)
9.- (1 ) The Wages Councils Act 1959 shall be amended in accord-
ance with the following provisions of this paragraph.
( 2) The functions of commissions of inquiry under the Wages
Councils Act 1959 transferred to the Commission on Industrial
Relations by paragraph 40 of Schedule 3 to the 1971 Act shall
become again functions of commissions of inquiry under the
1959 Act and accordingly any reference in sections 1, 2, 3, 6, 7 and
9 of, and Schedule 1 to, that Act which, by virtue of the 1971 Act,
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c .52 1793
became a reference to the Commission shall become again a reference
to a commission of inquiry under the said Act of 1959 .
( 3 ) In section 5, at the end of subsection (1) there shall be
re-inserted the words-
66 or
( c ) by any organisation of workers which represents a sub-
stantial proportion of the workers with respect to whom
that wages council operates " ;
and in subsection ( 2 ) for the words from " the council " to the end
of the subsection there shall continue to be substituted the words
" the existence of a wages council is no longer necessary for the
purpose of maintaining a reasonable standard of remuneration for
the workers with respect to whom that wages council operates ".
( 4 ) Section 9(1) and Schedule 4 ( which were repealed by the
1971 Act) are hereby revived.
( 5 ) In section 22( 3), for the words " any report " substituted by
Schedule 8 to the 1971 Act there shall continue to be substituted the
words " the report ".
( 6 ) In section 23 the words " a commission of inquiry " repealed
by the 1971 Act are hereby revived .
( 7 ) In section 24, there are hereby revived the definitions of
"
wages council " and " commission of inquiry " for which a defini-
tion of " wages council " was substituted by Schedule 8 to the 1971
Act .
( 8) In Schedule 1, after paragraph 2 there shall be reinserted the
following paragraph : -
" 2A. In relation to the making of an order under section 4
of this Act in pursuance of an application made in accordance
with section 5(1) ( c ) of this Act, paragraph 2 of this Schedule
shall have effect as if , before the words ' shall publish ' , there
were inserted the words ' after consultation with the wages coun-
cil concerned and with all such organisations of employers as
in his opinion represent a substantial proportion of employers
with respect to whom the wages council operates ' . "
The Trade Union ( Amalgamations, etc. ) Act 1964 (c. 24)
10.- (1) The Trade Union ( Amalgamations, etc.) Act 1964 shall be
amended in accordance with the following provisions of this
paragraph.
( 2 ) In sections 1 to 11 (and the Schedules), for the expressions
" organisation to which this Act applies " or " organisation " sub-
stituted by Schedule 8 to the 1971 Act, wherever they occur, sub-
stitute the words contained in those sections (and Schedules)
immediately before the substitutions were effected by that Act.
( 3 ) In section 1, for the subsection (1A ) inserted by Schedule 8
to the 1971 Act substitute-
"(1A ) Subject to any express provision of this Act with respect
to employers' associations, this Act shall apply, with the neces-
sary modifications, in relation to unincorporated employers'
associations as it applies in relation to trade unions. "
Part II 2D
SCH . 3
1794 1896 с. 25.
c . 52
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 3
( 4 ) In section 4, for subsection ( 8) substitute-
"( 8 ) In the course of proceedings on a complaint under this
section the Registrar may, if he thinks fit, at the request of the
complainant or of the trade union, state a case for the opinion
of the High Court , or in relation to proceedings in Scotland
the Court of Session, on any question of law arising in the
proceedings.
The decision of the High Court or the Court of Session, as
the case may be, on a case stated under this subsection shall be
final . "
(5 ) For section 6 ( 2 ) substitute-
" (2) If the name of a trade union or employers' association
is for the time being entered in the list of trade unions or
employers' associations under section 8 of the Trade Union and
Labour Relations Act 1974, a change of its name shall not take
effect until approved by the Registrar under this Act ; and the
Registrar shall not approve a change of name if it appears to
him that the proposed new name is the same as one entered in
either list as the name of another trade union or employers'
association or is a name so nearly resembling such a name as
to be likely to deceive the public. "
66
( 6 ) In section 7(1)( c) the words or by any assistant registrar "
repealed by the 1971 Act are hereby revived.
( 7 ) Section 8 (which was repealed by the 1971 Act ) is hereby
revived.
( 8) In section 9, for subsection (1) substitute-
" (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
66
" amalgamating unions " and amalgamated union ", in
relation to a proposed amalgamation, mean respectively
the trade unions proposing to amalgamate and the
trade union which is to result from the proposed
amalgamation ;
" assistant registrar " means any assistant registrar of friendly
societies appointed under section 1 of the Friendly
Societies Act 1896 ;
" employers' association " has the same meaning as in the
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 ;
" Northern Ireland union " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 10 of this Act ;
" the Registrar " means the Chief Registrar of Friendly
Societies ;
" trade union " has the same meaning as in the Trade Union
and Labour Relations Act 1974 ;
" transferor trade union " and " transferee trade union ", in
relation to a proposed transfer of engagements, mean
respectively the trade union proposing to transfer its
engagements and the trade union proposing to accept
them. "
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c. 52 1795
The Trade Union ( Amalgamations etc. ) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1965
( c. 2) ( N.I.)
11. For section 9( 2 ) of the Trade Union ( Amalgamations etc.) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1965 substitute-
" ( 2 ) In this Act " Great Britain union " means a trade union
or employers' association within the meaning of the Trade
Union and Labour Relations Act 1974, being either-
(a ) a union whose name is for the time being entered in the
list of trade unions or of employers' associations under
section 8 of that Act ; or
(b ) a union or association whose name is not so entered,
but whose principal office is situated in England,
Wales or Scotland."
The Companies Act 1967 ( c. 81)
12. In section 60(1) of the Companies Act 1967 for the paragraph
( e ) inserted by Schedule 8 to the 1971 Act substitute the following-
" ( e ) a trade union or employers' association (within the meaning
of the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 ) where
the insurance business carried on by the union or association
is limited to the provision for its members of provident
benefits or strike benefits " .
SCH. 3
The Insurance Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1968
( c. 6 ) (N.I.)
13.- (1 ) The Insurance Companies Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1968
shall be amended in accordance with the following provisions of this
paragraph.
( 2 ) In section 1( 2) (a ) omit the words " or trade unions ".
( 3) In section 1( 2 ) after paragraph (c ) insert-
"or
( d ) any insurance company which is, or is deemed to be, regis-
tered under the Acts relating to trade unions or to any insur-
ance company which is a Great Britain union if in either
case the insurance business is limited to the provision for
its members of provident benefits or strike benefits. ".
"
( 4 ) In section 3(1)( c ) omit the words or trade unions " .
( 5 ) In section 3(1) after paragraph (d ) insert : -
" (e ) a body which is, or is deemed to be, registered under the
Acts relating to trade unions, or is a Great Britain union
and in either case limits its insurance business to the
provision for its members of provident benefits or strike
benefits. ".
2 D2
1796 c .52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
SCH. 3 ( 6 ) In section 72(1) at the appropriate place in alphabetical order
insert-
" " Great Britain union " means a trade union or employers
association within the meaning of the Trade Union and
Labour Relations Act 1974, being either-
( a ) a union whose name is for the time being entered
in the list of trade unions or of employers' associations
under section 8 of that Act ; or
( b ) a union or association whose name is not so entered,
but whose principal office is situated in England, Wales or
Scotland.
The Merchant Shipping Act 1970 (c. 36 )
14. In section 42 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1970, in subsection
( 2), for the words " industrial dispute " substitute the words " trade
dispute ( within the meaning of the Trade Union and Labour Relations
Act 1974) " and omit subsection ( 3) .
The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 (c. 62)
15. Section 13 of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971 (which,
among other things, makes provision for appeals from and the state-
ment of cases by industrial tribunals to the High Court or Court of
Session) shall, in its application to industrial tribunals, be taken as
referring to those tribunals when exercising any jurisdiction whatso-
ever, notwithstanding the effect of any order which was made under
section 114 of the 1971 Act (appeals from industrial tribunals to
the National Industrial Relations Court).
The Contracts of Employment Act 1972 (с. 53)
16. In section 4 ( 2) of the Contracts of Employment Act 1972, omit
paragraph (a) and in section 11(1) omit the definitions of " agency
shop agreement " and " approved closed shop agreement ".
The Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1972 (c.59)
17. In section 3( 3) of the Administration of Justice (Scotland )
Act 1972, for the words " an industrial dispute within the meaning of
the Industrial Relations Act 1971 " substitute the words " a trade
dispute within the meaning of the Trade Union and Labour Rela-
tions Act 1974 ", for the words " Act of 1971 " substitute the words
"Act of 1974" and omit the words " described in section 124 of that
Act ".
Section 25. SCHEDULE 4
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. Schedule 1 to this Act shall apply to dismissals where the
effective date of termination ( within the meaning of that Schedule )
falls on or after the commencement of that Schedule.
2. Subject to any provision to the contrary contained in section
21 or 23 above, sections 22 to 33 of the 1971 Act ( unfair dismissals)
and the other provisions of that Act relating to proceedings for
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 c .52 1797
unfair dismissal shall, notwithstanding the repeal of that Act by this
SCH . 4
Act, continue to apply to dismissals where the effective date of
termination falls before the commencement of Schedule 1 to this
Act .
3. Parts III and IV of Schedule 1 to this Act shall apply to any
act (other than a dismissal) done before the commencement of that
Schedule in respect of which an industrial tribunal continues to have
jurisdiction as if they had been in force when the act was done.
4. As respects proceedings pending in the National Industrial Rela-
tions Court immediately before the passing of this Act and trans-
ferred by section 21 above to the High Court or Court of Session,
rules made by virtue of paragraph 24 of Schedule 3 to the 1971 Act
( costs and expenses of parties) shall, notwithstanding the repeal of
that Schedule by this Act, continue to have effect and shall with any
necessary modifications, apply to the High Court and Court of
Session as they applied before the passing of this Act to the
National Industrial Relations Court.
5. Schedule 2 to this Act shall apply to a trade union's or
employers' association's return and accounts for 1974 or the period
substituted therefor by a direction under paragraph 5 of that Schedule,
notwithstanding that that Schedule was not in force for the whole
of that year or period.
6.- (1) In so far as anything done or treated as done under any
enactment contained in the 1971 Act, which is re-enacted, with or
without amendment, in a corresponding provision of Schedule 1
or Schedule 2 to this Act, could have been done under that provision,
then, subject to sub- paragraph ( 3) below, it shall on the commence-
ment of that Schedule have effect as if done under that provision.
( 2) In particular, sub-paragraph (1) above applies to the following
things done under any such enactment, that is to say-
any complaint presented ;
any application, determination, recommendation, award, order,
regulations, appointment, request or report made ;
any certificate, exemption or notice given.
( 3 ) Sub-paragraph (1 ) above shall not apply to anything done
under those provisions of the 1971 Act which continue to apply to
dismissals by virtue only of paragraph 2 above.
( 4) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (1) above, any regulations
made wholly or partly under Section 46 of the Redundancy Payments 1965 с. 62.
Act 1965 and in force immediately before the passing of this Act
shall so far as so made continue in force and have effect as if made
under paragraph 21 of Schedule 1 to this Act.
7. Any enactment or document which refers, whether specifically
or by means of a general description, to an enactment contained
in the 1971 Act which is re-enacted, with or without amendment, in
a corresponding provision of Schedule 1 or Schedule 2 to this Act
shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed
as referring, or as including a reference, to that corresponding
provision.
8. Nothing in this Schedule shall be construed as prejudicing 1889 c. 63.
section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals) .
2D3
1798 с .52 Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
Section 25.
SCHEDULE 5
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
2&3 Geo. 5. The Trade Union Act In sections 3( 1 ) and 4 (1), the
c. 30. 1913.
words from " whether the "
to " is registered or not ".
In section 4 (2), the words
" whether registered or not " .
1957 с. 20. The House of Commons Disqualification Act
In Part II of Schedule 1, both
in its application to the House
1957.
of Commons of the United
Kingdom and in its applica-
tionto the Northern Ireland
Assembly, the entries relating
to the Commission on Indus-
trial Relations and the
National Industrial Relations
Court.
In Part III of Schedule 1, in its
application to the House of
Commons of the United
Kingdom, the entry relating
to the Chief Registrar or
Assistant Registrar of Trade
Unions and Employers' Asso-
ciations.
1968 c. 6 (N.I. ). | The Insurance Companies
In section 1( 2) (a ), the words
Act ( Northern Ireland )
" or trade unions ".
1968.
In section 3( 1)( c ), the words
" or trade unions ".
1970 с. 36. The Merchant Shipping
Section 42 (3).
Act 1970.
1971 с. 72. The Industrial Relations The whole Act.
Act 1971 .
1972 с. 53 . The Contracts of Employ- In section 4( 2), paragraph (a) .
ment Act 1972.
In section 11(1), the definitions
of" agency shop agreement
"
and " approved closed shop
agreement ".
1972 с. 59.
The Administration of
In section 3( 3), the words
Justice (Scotland) Act
" described in section 124 of
1972 .
thatAct".
1973 с. 58.
The Insurance Companies
Section 40.
Amendment Act 1973.
In Schedule 3, paragraph 31 .
c. 53 1799
DIEUET MON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Act
ofOffenders
1974
Rehabilitation
1974 CHAPTER 53
An Act to rehabilitate offenders who have not been
reconvicted of any serious offence for periods of
years , to penalise the unauthorised disclosure of
their previous convictions, to amend the law of
defamation, and for purposes connected therewith.
[31st July 1974]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, where an individual Rehabilitated
has been convicted, whether before or after the commencement persons and
spent
of this Act, of any offence or offences, and the following con- convictions .
ditions are satisfied, that is to say-
(a) he did not have imposed on him in respect of that
conviction a sentence which is excluded from rehabili-
tation under this Act ; and
( b ) he has not had imposed on him in respect of a subse-
quent conviction during the rehabilitation period
applicable to the first-mentioned conviction in accord-
ance with section 6 below a sentence which is excluded
from rehabilitation under this Act ;
then, after the end of the rehabilitation period so applicable
( including, where appropriate, any extension under section
6( 4 ) below of the period originally applicable to the first-
2D4
1800 c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
1969 с. 54.
mentioned conviction) or, where that rehabilitation period ended
before the commencement of this Act, after the commencement
of this Act, that individual shall for the purposes of this Act
be treated as a rehabilitated person in respect of the first-
mentioned conviction and that conviction shall for those purposes
be treated as spent .
( 2) A person shall not become a rehabilitated person for the
purposes of this Act in respect of a conviction unless he has
served or otherwise undergone or complied with any sentence
imposed on him in respect of that conviction ; but the following
shall not, by virtue of this subsection, prevent a person from
becoming a rehabilitated person for those purposes-
( a) failure to pay a fine or other sum adjudged to be paid
by or imposed on a conviction, or breach of a condition
of a recognizance or of a bond of caution to keep the
peace or be of good behaviour ;
( b ) breach of any condition or requirement applicable in
relation to a sentence which renders the person to
whom it applies liable to be dealt with for the offence
for which the sentence was imposed, or, where the
sentence was a suspended sentence of imprisonment,
liable to be dealt with in respect of that sentence
( whether or not, in any case, he is in fact so dealt
with) ;
(c) failure to comply with any requirement of a suspended
sentence supervision order.
( 3) In this Act " sentence " includes any order made by a
court in dealing with a person in respect of his conviction of
any offence or offences , other than-
( a) an order for committal or any other order made in
default of payment of any fine or other sum adjudged
to be paid by or imposed on a conviction, or for want of
sufficient distress to satisfy any such fine or other sum ;
(b) an order dealing with a person in respect of a suspended
sentence of imprisonment.
( 4) In this Act, references to a conviction, however expressed,
include references-
( a ) to a conviction by or before a court outside Great
Britain ; and
( b ) to any finding ( other than a finding linked with a
finding of insanity ) in any criminal proceedings or in
care proceedings under section 1 of the Children and
Young Persons Act 1969 that a person has committed
an offence or done the act or made the omission
charged;
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
1801
and notwithstanding anything in section 9 of the Criminal Justice
(Scotland) Act 1949 or section 13 of the Powers of Criminal 1949 c. 94.
Courts Act 1973 (conviction of a person put on probation or 1973 c. 62.
discharged to be deemed not to be a conviction ) a conviction
in respect of which an order is made placing the person con-
victed on probation or discharging him absolutely or condi-
tionally shall be treated as a conviction for the purposes of
this Act and the person in question may become a rehabilitated
person in respect of that conviction and the conviction a spent
conviction for those purposes accordingly.
2.- ( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section, for Rehabilitation
the purposes of this Act any finding that a person is guilty of of persons
an offence in respect of any act or omission which was the dealt with in
service
subject of service disciplinary proceedings shall be treated as disciplinary
a conviction and any punishment awarded in respect of any proceedings.
such finding shall be treated as a sentence.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) above applies only where either or both
of the following conditions is satisfied, that is to say-
(a) the offence in question is an offence to which this sub-
section applies ; or
( b) the punishment awarded is a punishment to which this
subsection applies .
( 3) Subsection (2) above applies to any offence consisting in
the commission of a civil offence and to any offence under, and
any offence of attempting to commit an offence under, any of
the following enactments , or any corresponding enactment
previously in force-
(a) sections 30, 45, 46, 61, 62, 64 and 66 of the Army Act 1955 c. 18.
1955 and the Air Force Act 1955 ; and 1955 с. 19.
( b) sections 5, 30, 31, 34A, 35, 36 and 37 of the Naval 1957 с. 53.
Discipline Act 1957.
( 4 ) Subsection (2) above applies to the following punish-
ments-
(a ) imprisonment ;
( b) cashiering, discharge with ignominy or dismissal with
disgrace from Her Majesty's service ;
(c) dismissal from Her Majesty's service ; and
( d ) detention for a term of three months or more.
( 5) In this Act, " service disciplinary proceedings " means any
of the following-
(a) any proceedings under the Army Act 1955, the Air
Force Act 1955, or the Naval Discipline Act 1957
whether before a court -martial or before any other
1802 c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
1933 с. 6.
court or person authorised thereunder to award a pun-
ishment in respect of any offence) ;
( b ) any proceedings under any Act previously in force
corresponding to any of the Acts mentioned in para-
graph (a) above ;
( c) any proceedings under any corresponding enactment or
law applying to a force, other than a home force, to
which section 4 of the Visiting Forces (British Com-
monwealth) Act 1933 applies or applied at the time of
the proceedings, being proceedings in respect of a
member of a home force who is or was at that time
attached to the first -mentioned force under that
section ;
whether in any event those proceedings take place in Great
Britain or elsewhere.
Special
provision with respect
to certain
disposals by
children's
hearings under
the Social
Work
( Scotland )
Act 1968.
1968 с. 49.
3. Where a ground for the referral of a child's case to a
children's hearing under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968
is that mentioned in section 32(2)( g) of that Act (commission by
the child of an offence) and that ground has either been accepted
by the child and, where necessary, by his parent or been estab-
lished to the satisfaction of the sheriff under section 42 of that
Act, the acceptance or establishment of that ground shall be
treated for the purposes of this Act ( but not otherwise) as a
conviction, and any disposal of the case thereafter by a child-
ren's hearing shall be treated for those purposes as a sentence ;
and references in this Act to a person's being charged with or
prosecuted for an offence shall be construed accordingly.
Effect of
4.- ( 1) Subject to sections 7 and 8 below, a person who has
rehabilitation. become a rehabilitated person for the purposes of this Act in
respect of a conviction shall be treated for all purposes in law
as a person who has not committed or been charged with or
prosecuted for or convicted of or sentenced for the offence or
offences which were the subject of that conviction ; and, not-
withstanding the provisions of any other enactment or rule of
law to the contrary, but subject as aforesaid-
( a) no evidence shall be admissible in any proceedings
before a judicial authority exercising its jurisdiction
or functions in Great Britain to prove that any such
person has committed or been charged with or prose-
cuted for or convicted of or sentenced for any offence
which was the subject of a spent conviction ; and
( b) a person shall not, in any such proceedings, be asked,
and, if asked, shall not be required to answer, any
question relating to his past which cannot be answered
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c . 53
without acknowledging or referring to a spent convic-
tion or spent convictions or any circumstances ancillary
thereto.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of any order made under sub-
section ( 4 ) below, where a question seeking information with
respect to a person's previous convictions, offences, conduct or
circumstances is put to him or to any other person otherwise
than in proceedings before a judicial authority-
( a ) the question shall be treated as not relating to spent
convictions or to any circumstances ancillary to spent
convictions, and the answer thereto may be framed
accordingly ; and
( b ) the person questioned shall not be subjected to any
liability or otherwise prejudiced in law by reason of
any failure to acknowledge or disclose a spent con-
viction or any circumstances ancillary to a spent con-
viction in his answer to the question .
( 3) Subject to the provisions of any order made under sub-
section (4) below, -
( a) any obligation imposed on any person by any rule of
law or by the provisions of any agreement or arrange-
ment to disclose any matters to any other person shall
not extend to requiring him to disclose a spent con-
viction or any circumstances ancillary to a spent
conviction (whether the conviction is his own or an-
other's) ; and
(b) a conviction which has become spent or any circum-
stances ancillary thereto, or any failure to disclose a
spent conviction or any such circumstances, shall not be
a proper ground for dismissing or excluding a person
from any office, profession, occupation or employment ,
or for prejudicing him in any way in any occupation
or employment.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by order—
( a ) make such provision as seems to him appropriate for
excluding or modifying the application of either or both
of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 2) above in
relation to questions put in such circumstances as may
be specified in the order ;
( b) provide for such exceptions from the provisions of sub-
section (3) above as seem to him appropriate, in such
cases or classes of case, and in relation to convictions
of such a description, as may be specified in the order.
1803
1804 c.53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
Rehabilitation
periods for
particular
sentences.
1933 с. 12.
1937 с. 37.
( 5) For the purposes of this section and section 7 below any
of the following are circumstances ancillary to a conviction, that
is to say-
( a ) the offence or offences which were the subject of that
conviction ;
( b ) the conduct constituting that offence or those offences ;
and
( c) any process or proceedings preliminary to that convic-
tion , any sentence imposed in respect of that convic-
tion, any proceedings (whether by way of appeal or
otherwise) for reviewing that conviction or any such
sentence, and anything done in pursuance of or under-
gone in compliance with any such sentence.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section and section 7 below
" proceedings before a judicial authority " includes, in addition
to proceedings before any of the ordinary courts of law, proceed-
ings before any tribunal, body or person having power-
( a) by virtue of any enactment, law, custom or practice ;
( b) under the rules governing any association, institution,
profession, occupation or employment ; or
( c) under any provision of an agreement providing for arbi-
tration with respect to questions arising thereunder ;
to determine any question affecting the rights, privileges, obliga-
tions or liabilities of any person, or to receive evidence affecting
the determination of any such question.
5. (1 ) The sentences excluded from rehabilitation under this
Act are-
( a) a sentence of imprisonment for life ;
( b) a sentence of imprisonment or corrective training for a
term exceeding thirty months ;
( c) a sentence of preventive detention ; and
( d ) a sentence of detention during Her Majesty's pleasure
or for life, or for a term exceeding thirty months,
passed under section 53 of the Children and Young
Persons Act 1933 or under section 57 of the Children
and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 (young
offenders convicted of grave crimes) ;
and any other sentence is a sentence subject to rehabilitation
under this Act.
( 2) For the purposes of this Act-
(a) the rehabilitation period applicable to a sentence speci-
fied in the first column of Table A below is the period
specified in the second column of that Table in relation
to that sentence, or, where the sentence was imposed on
a person who was under seventeen years of age at the
date of his conviction, half that period ; and
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
1805
(b ) the rehabilitation period applicable to a sentence speci-
fied in the first column of Table B below is the period
specified in the second column of that Table in relation
to that sentence ;
reckoned in either case from the date of the conviction in
respect of which the sentence was imposed.
TABLE A
Rehabilitation periods subject to reduction by half
for persons under 17
Sentence
Rehabilitation period
Asentence of imprisonment or corrective train-
ing for a term exceeding six months but not
exceeding thirty months.
Ten years
Asentence of cashiering, discharge with igno-
miny or dismissal with disgrace from Her
Majesty's service
Ten years
A sentence of imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding six months.
Seven years
A sentence of dismissal from Her Majesty's
service . Seven years
Anysentence of detention in respect of a convic-
tion in service disciplinary proceedings .
Five years
A fine or any other sentence subject to rehabili-
tation under this Act, not being a sentence to
which Table B below or any of subsections ( 3)
to ( 8 ) below applies.
Five years
TABLE B
Rehabilitation periods for certain sentences
confined to young offenders
Sentence Rehabilitation period
Asentence of Borstal training.
Asentence of detention for a term exceeding six
months but not exceeding thirty months
passed under section 53 ofthe said Act of 1933
or under section 57 of the said Act of 1937.
Asentence of detention for a term not exceeding
six months passed under either of those
provisions.
An order for detention in a detention centre
made under section 4 of the Criminal Justice
Act 1961 or under section 7 of the Criminal
Justice (Scotland) Act 1963.
Seven years
Five years
Three years
Three years
1961 с. 39.
1963 с. 39.
1806 c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
1968 с. 49.
1933 с. 12.
1937 с. 37.
1963 с. 37.
1969 с. 54.
(3) The rehabilitation period applicable-
( a ) to an order discharging a person absolutely for an
offence ; and
(b) to the discharge by a children's hearing under section
43(2 ) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 of the
referral of a child's case ;
shall be six months from the date of conviction .
(4) Where in respect of a conviction a person was conditionally
discharged, bound over to keep the peace or be of good
behaviour, or placed on probation, the rehabilitation period
applicable to the sentence shall be one year from the date of
conviction or a period beginning with that date and ending
when the order for conditional discharge or probation order or
( as the case may be) the recognizance or bond of caution to keep
the peace or be of good behaviour ceases or ceased to have
effect, whichever is the longer.
(5 ) Where in respect of a conviction any of the following
sentences was imposed, that is to say-
(a) an order under section 57 of the Children and Young
Persons Act 1933 or section 61 of the Children and
Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 committing the
person convicted to the care of a fit person ;
(b) a supervision order under any provision of either of those
Acts or of the Children and Young Persons Act 1963 ;
(c) an order under section 58 or 58A of the said Act of
1937 committing the person convicted to custody in a
remand home or to detention in a place chosen by a
local authority, or (as the case may be) committing
him for a period of residential training ;
(d ) an approved school order under section 61 of the said
Act of 1937 ;
(e) a care order or a supervision order under any provision
of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969 ; or
( f ) a supervision requirement under any provision of the
Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968 ;
the rehabilitation period applicable to the sentence shall be
one year from the date of conviction or a period beginning with
that date and ending when the order or requirement ceases or
ceased to have effect, whichever is the longer.
(6) Where in respect of a conviction any of the following
orders was made, that is to say-
(a) an order under section 54 of the said Act of 1933
committing the person convicted to custody in a
remand home ;
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
( b) an approved school order under section 57 of the said
Act of 1933 ; or
(c) an attendance centre order under section 19 of the
Criminal Justice Act 1948 ;
1948 с. 58.
the rehabilitation period applicable to the sentence shall be a
period beginning with the date of conviction and ending one
year after the date on which the order ceases or ceased to have
effect .
( 7 ) Where in respect of a conviction a hospital order under
Part V of the Mental Health Act 1959 or under Part V of the 1959 c. 72.
Mental Health (Scotland ) Act 1960 (with or without an order 1960 с. 61 .
restricting discharge) was made, the rehabilitation period applic-
able to the sentence shall be the period of five years from the
date of conviction or a period beginning with that date and
ending two years after the date on which the hospital order
ceases or ceased to have effect, whichever is the longer .
( 8) Where in respect of a conviction an order was made
imposing on the person convicted any disqualification, disability,
prohibition or other penalty, the rehabilitation period applicable
to the sentence shall be a period beginning with the date of
conviction and ending on the date on which the disqualification,
disability, prohibition or penalty (as the case may be) ceases
or ceased to have effect.
( 9) For the purposes of this section-
( a )66 sentence of imprisonment " includes a sentence of
detention in a young offenders institution in Scotland
and a sentence of penal servitude, and " term of
imprisonment " shall be construed accordingly ;
(b) consecutive terms of imprisonment or of detention under
section 53 of the said Act of 1933 or section 57 of
the said Act of 1937, and terms which are wholly or
partly concurrent ( being terms of imprisonment or
detention imposed in respect of offences of which a
person was convicted in the same proceedings) shall be
treated as a single term ;
( c) no account shall be taken of any subsequent variation,
made by a court in dealing with a person in respect
of a suspended sentence of imprisonment, of the term
originally imposed ; and
( d ) a sentence imposed by a court outside Great Britain
shall be treated as a sentence of that one of the des-
criptions mentioned in this section which most nearly
corresponds to the sentence imposed.
(10 ) References in this section to the period during which a
probation order, or a care order or supervision order under the
1807
1808 c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
1969 с. 54.
1968 с. 49.
1950 с. 5.
( Ν.Ι.) .
Children and Young Persons Act 1969, or a supervision require-
ment under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, is or was in
force include references to any period during which any order
or requirement to which this subsection applies, being an order
or requirement made or imposed directly or indirectly in sub-
stitution for the first-mentioned order or requirement, is or was
in force.
This subsection applies-
( a ) to any such order or requirement as is mentioned above
in this subsection ;
( b) to any order having effect under section 25( 2) of the
said Act of 1969 as if it were a training school order
in Northern Ireland ; and
( c) to any supervision order made under section 72( 2) of
the said Act of 1968 and having effect as a supervision
order under the Children and Young Persons Act
( Northern Ireland) 1950.
( 11) The Secretary of State may by order-
( a ) substitute different periods or terms for any of the
periods or terms mentioned in subsections ( 1) to (8)
above ; and
(b) substitute a different age for the age mentioned in sub-
section ( 2) ( a) above .
The
6.-( 1) Where only one sentence is imposed in respect of a
rehabilitation conviction (not being a sentence excluded from rehabilitation
period
under this Act) the rehabilitation period applicable to the con-
applicable to
a conviction.
viction is, subject to the following provisions of this section,
the period applicable to the sentence in accordance with section
5 above.
(2) Where more than one sentence is imposed in respect of
a conviction (whether or not in the same proceedings) and none
of the sentences imposed is excluded from rehabilitation under
this Act, then, subject to the following provisions of this section,
if the periods applicable to those sentences in accordance with
section 5 above differ, the rehabilitation period applicable to
the conviction shall be the longer or the longest (as the case may
be ) of those periods .
(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, where in respect
of a conviction a person was conditionally discharged or placed
on probation and after the end of the rehabilitation period
applicable to the conviction in accordance with subsection ( 1 )
or (2) above he is dealt with, in consequence of a breach of con-
ditional discharge or probation, for the offence for which the
order for conditional discharge or probation order was made,
then, if the rehabilitation period applicable to the conviction in
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
1809
accordance with subsection (2) above ( taking into account any
sentence imposed when he is so dealt with) ends later than the
rehabilitation period previously applicable to the conviction, he
shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as not having
become a rehabilitated person in respect of that conviction, and
the conviction shall for those purposes be treated as not having
become spent, in relation to any period falling before the end
of the new rehabilitation period.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (5) below, where during the rehabili-
tation period applicable to a conviction-
(a ) the person convicted is convicted of a further offence ;
and
(b) no sentence excluded from rehabilitation under this Act
is imposed on him in respect of the later conviction ;
if the rehabilitation period applicable in accordance with this
section to either of the convictions would end earlier than the
period so applicable in relation to the other, the rehabilitation
period which would (apart from this subsection) end the earlier
shall be extended so as to end at the same time as the other
rehabilitation period.
(5) Where the rehabilitation period applicable to a conviction
is the rehabilitation period applicable in accordance with section
5(8) above to an order imposing on a person any disqualification,
disability, prohibition or other penalty, the rehabilitation period
applicable to another conviction shall not by virtue of subsection
( 4) above be extended by reference to that period ; but if any
other sentence is imposed in respect of the first -mentioned con-
viction for which a rehabilitation period is prescribed by any
other provision of section 5 above, the rehabilitation period
applicable to another conviction shall, where appropriate, be
extended under subsection (4) above by reference to the re-
habilitation period applicable in accordance with that section
to that sentence or, where more than one such sentence is
imposed, by reference to the longer or longest of the periods
so applicable to those sentences, as if the period in question
were the rehabilitation period applicable to the first -mentioned
conviction.
(6) Subject to subsection ( 7) below, for the purposes of sub-
section (4) (a) above there shall be disregarded-
( a) any conviction in England and Wales of an offence
which is not triable on indictment ;
( b) any conviction in Scotland of an offence which is not
excluded from the jurisdiction of inferior courts of
summary jurisdiction by virtue of section 4 of the
Summary Jurisdiction ( Scotland) Act 1954 (certain
crimes not to be tried in inferior courts of summary
jurisdiction) ; and
1954 с. 48.
1810 c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
Limitations
on
rehabilitation
under this
Act, etc.
1969 с. 54.
( c) any conviction by or before a court outside Great
Britain of an offence in respect of conduct which, if
it had taken place in any part of Great Britain, would
not have constituted an offence under the law in force
in that part of Great Britain .
( 7 ) Notwithstanding subsection (6) above, a conviction in
service disciplinary proceedings shall not be disregarded for the
purposes of subsection ( 4)(a) above.
7.-( 1 ) Nothing in section 4( 1) above shall affect-
( a) any right of Her Majesty, by virtue of Her Royal
prerogative or otherwise, to grant a free pardon, to
quash any conviction or sentence, or to commute any
sentence ;
( b) the enforcement by any process or proceedings of any
fine or other sum adjudged to be paid by or imposed
on a spent conviction ;
( c) the issue of any process for the purpose of proceedings
in respect of any breach of a condition or requirement
applicable to a sentence imposed in respect of a spent
conviction ; or
( d ) the operation of any enactment by virtue of which, in
consequence of any conviction, a person is subject,
otherwise than by way of sentence, to any disqualifica-
tion, disability, prohibition or other penalty the period
of which extends beyond the rehabilitation period
applicable in accordance with section 6 above to the
conviction.
( 2) Nothing in section 4( 1) above shall affect the determination
of any issue, or prevent the admission or requirement of any
evidence, relating to a person's previous convictions or to circum-
stances ancillary thereto-
( a ) in any criminal proceedings before a court in Great
Britain (including any appeal or reference in a criminal
matter) ;
( b) in any service disciplinary proceedings or in any pro-
ceedings on appeal from any service disciplinary pro-
ceedings ;
( c ) in any proceedings relating to adoption or to the
guardianship, wardship, marriage, custody, care or con-
trol of, or access to, any minor, or to the provision by
any person of accommodation, care or schooling for
minors ;
( d ) in any care proceedings under section 1 of the Children
and Young Persons Act 1969 or on appeal from any
such proceedings, or in any proceedings relating to
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
1811
the variation or discharge of a care order or supervision
order under that Act ;
( e ) in any proceedings before a children's hearing under
the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 or on appeal from 1968 с. 49.
any such hearing ; or
( f ) in any proceedings in which he is a party or a witness,
provided that, on the occasion when the issue or the
admission or requirement of the evidence falls to be
determined, he consents to the determination of the
issue or, as the case may be, the admission or require-
ment of the evidence notwithstanding the provisions
of section 4(1) .
In the application of this subsection to Scotland, " minor "
means a child under the age of eighteen, including a pupil child.
( 3) If at any stage in any proceedings before a judicial
authority in Great Britain (not being proceedings to which, by
virtue of any of paragraphs ( a) to (e) of subsection (2) above or
of any order for the time being in force under subsection ( 4)
below, section 4(1) above has no application, or proceedings to
which section 8 below applies) the authority is satisfied, in the
light of any considerations which appear to it to be relevant
( including any evidence which has been or may thereafter be put
before it ), that justice cannot be done in the case except by
admitting or requiring evidence relating to a person's spent
convictions or to circumstances ancillary thereto, that authority
may admit or, as the case may be, require the evidence in ques-
tion notwithstanding the provisions of subsection ( 1) of section
4 above, and may determine any issue to which the evidence
relates in disregard, so far as necessary, of those provisions.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may by order exclude the applica-
tion of section 4( 1) above in relation to any proceedings specified
in the order (other than proceedings to which section 8 below
applies) to such extent and for such purposes as may be so
specified .
(5 ) No order made by a court with respect to any person
otherwise than on a conviction shall be included in any list
or statement of that person's previous convictions given or made
to any court which is considering how to deal with him in
respect of any offence.
8.- ( 1 ) This section applies to any action for libel or slander Defamation
begun after the commencement of this Act by a rehabilitated actions.
person and founded upon the publication of any matter imputing
that the plaintiff has committed or been charged with or
prosecuted for or convicted of or sentenced for an offence
which was the subject of a spent conviction.
1812 1888 с. 64.
c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
( 2 ) Nothing in section 4(1) above shall affect an action to
which this section applies where the publication complained of
took place before the conviction in question became spent, and
the following provisions of this section shall not apply in any
such case.
(3) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) below, nothing in section
4( 1 ) above shall prevent the defendant in an action to which
this section applies from relying on any defence of justification
or fair comment or of absolute or qualified privilege which is
available to him, or restrict the matters he may establish in
support of any such defence.
( 4) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3) above,
where in any such action malice is alleged against a defendant
who is relying on a defence of qualified privilege, nothing in
section 4(1 ) above shall restrict the matters he may establish
in rebuttal of the allegation.
( 5) A defendant in any such action shall not by virtue of
subsection (3) above be entitled to rely upon the defence of
justification if the publication is proved to have been made with
malice.
(6 ) Subject to subsection (7 ) below a defendant in any such
action shall not, by virtue of subsection (3) above, be entitled
to rely on any matter or adduce or require any evidence for the
purpose of establishing (whether under section 3 of the Law
of Libel Amendment Act 1888 or otherwise) the defence that
the matter published constituted a fair and accurate report of
judicial proceedings if it is proved that the publication contained
a reference to evidence which was ruled to be inadraissible in
the proceedings by virtue of section 4( 1) above.
( 7 ) Subsection (3) above shall apply without the qualifications
imposed by subsection (6 ) above in relation to-
( a ) any report of judical proceedings contained in any
bona fide series of law reports which does not form
part of any other publication and consists solely of
reports of proceedings in courts of law, and
( b) any report or account of judicial proceedings published
for bona fide educational, scientific or professional
purposes, or given in the course of any lecture, class
or discussion given or held for any of those purposes.
( 8) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a ) for the reference in subsection (1) to libel and slander
there shall be substituted a reference to defamation ;
(b) for references to the plaintiff and the defendant there
shall be substituted respectively references to the
pursuer and the defender ; and
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 c. 53
1813
( c ) for references to the defence of justification there shall
be substituted references to the defence of veritas.
9.- ( 1) In this section- Unauthorized
disclosure
" official record " means a record kept for the purposes of ofspent
its functions by any court , police force, Government convictions.
department, local or other public authority in Great
Britain, or a record kept, in Great Britain or elsewhere,
for the purposes of any of Her Majesty's forces, being
in either case a record containing information about
persons convicted of offences ; and
" specified information " means information imputing that
a named or otherwise identifiable rehabilitated living
person has committed or been charged with or prose-
cuted for or convicted of or sentenced for any offence
which is the subject of a spent conviction.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of any order made under sub-
section (5) below, any person who, in the course of his official
duties, has or at any time has had custody of or access to any
official record or the information contained therein, shall be
guilty of an offence if, knowing or having reasonable cause to
suspect that any specified information he has obtained in the
course of those duties is specified information, he discloses it,
otherwise than in the course of those duties, to another person.
( 3) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (2)
above it shall be a defence for the defendant (or, in Scotland, the
accused person) to show that the disclosure was made-
( a ) to the rehabilitated person or to another person at the
express request of the rehabilitated person ; or
( b) to a person whom he reasonably believed to be the
rehabilitated person or to another person at the express
request of a person whom he reasonably believed to
be the rehabilitated person.
( 4 ) Any person who obtains any specified information from
any official record by means of any fraud, dishonesty or bribe
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 5) The Secretary of State may by order make such provision
as appears to him to be appropriate for excepting the disclosure
of specified information derived from an official record from the
provisions of subsection ( 2) above in such cases or classes of
case as may be specified in the order.
( 6 ) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection ( 2) above
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 200.
1814 Orders.
Citation,
commence-
ment and
extent.
c. 53
Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974
( 7) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection (4) above
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 400 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months,
or to both.
(8) Proceedings for an offence under subsection ( 2) above shall
not, in England and Wales, be instituted except by or on behalf
of the Director of Public Prosecutions.
10.- ( 1) Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order
under any provision of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory
instrument, and an order made under any provision of this Act
except section 11 below may be varied or revoked by a sub-
sequent order made under that provision .
( 2) No order shall be made by the Secretary of State under
any provision of this Act other than section 11 below unless a
draft of it has been laid before, and approved by resolution of,
each House of Parliament.
11.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Rehabilitation of
Offenders Act 1974.
( 2) This Act shall come into force on 1st July 1975 or such
earlier day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint.
(3) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.
c. 54 1815
NOH
PENSE
DIEUFT MON DROIT
Pensioners' Payments
Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 54
An Act to make provision for lump sum payments to
pensioners and for purposes connected therewith.
[ 14th November 1974]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.-( 1 ) Any person who- Lump sum
payments to
(a) is present or ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom pensioners.
or any other member state of the Communities at any
time during the relevant week ; and
( b) is entitled to a payment of a qualifying benefit in respect
of a period which includes a day in that week or is to
be treated as entitled to a payment of a qualifying
benefit, other than a supplementary pension, in respect
of such a period,
shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section and sections 2
and 3 of this Act, be entitled to payment by the Secretary of
State of a sum of £10.
(2) Subject as aforesaid, any person entitled to a payment
under the preceding subsection shall, if he and his spouse have
attained pensionable age not later than the end of the relevant
c. 54
1816 Pensioners' Payments Act 1974
1966 с. 20.
1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι. ).
Interpretation.
week and his spouse satisfies the condition mentioned in para-
graph (a) of that subsection and if-
( a ) he is entitled in respect of his spouse to an increase
in the payment of qualifying benefit mentioned in
paragraph (b) of that subsection ; or
( b) he is to be treated as so entitled and the relevant
qualifying benefit is not a supplementary pension ; or
( c ) his and his spouse's requirements and resources fall to
be aggregated under paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 2 to
either the Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 or the
Supplementary Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland)
1966,
be entitled to payment by the Secretary of State of a further
sum of £10.
( 3) Only one sum shall be payable under this section in
respect of any person.
( 4 ) A sum payable under this section shall not be treated as
benefit for the purposes of any Act or instrument under which
entitlement to the relevant qualifying benefit arises or is to be
treated as arising.
( 5 ) Apayment and the right to receive a payment-
(a ) under this section ; or
( b) under regulations relating to widows which are, within
the period of two months beginning with the date of
the passing of this Act, made by the Secretary of State
under any enactment relating to police and contain a
statement that the regulations provide for payments
corresponding to payments under this section,
shall be disregarded for all purposes of income tax and for
the purposes of any enactment or instrument under which regard
is had to a person's means.
2.-( 1) In this Act " qualifying benefit " means-
( a) any of the following benefits under the National Insur-
ance Acts 1965 to 1974 or the National Insurance
Measures (Northern Ireland) 1966 to 1974, namely-
(i) a retirement pension ;
(ii) an invalidity pension ;
(iii) a widow's allowance, widowed mother's
allowance, widow's pension or widow's basic
pension ;
( b) an attendance allowance ;
c .54
Pensioners' Payments Act 1974 1817
( c ) an unemployability supplement or allowance ;
( d ) a war disablement pension ;
( e ) a war widow's pension ;
( f ) a widow's pension under the National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to 1974 or the National
Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Measures (Northern
Ireland) 1966 to 1974 ;
( g ) a widower's pension under those Acts or Measures ;
( h ) a supplementary pension.
( 2) In this Act-
"attendance allowance " has the meaning assigned to it by
any regulations in force on the passing of this Act
under the Family Income Supplements Act 1970 or 1970 с. 55.
the Family Income Supplements Act ( Northern 1971 c. 8 (N.I.).
Ireland ) 1971 ;
"pensionable age " means-
( a ) in the case of a man, the age of 65 ;
(b) in the case of a woman, the age of 60 ;
" relevant week " means the week beginning with 18th
November 1974 ;
"
" retirement pension includes graduated retirement
benefit , if paid periodically ;
"
supplementary pension "
means a supplementary pension
under section 4(1 )( a ) of the Supplementary Benefit 1966 с. 20.
Act 1966 or section 3(1)(a ) of the Supplementary 1966 с. 28
Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 ;
( Ν.Ι.) .
" unemployability supplement or allowance " has the
meaning assigned to it by section 1(3) of the National 1972 c. 57.
Insurance Act 1972 ;
" war disablement pension " means-
( a) any retired pay, pension or allowance granted
in respect of disablement under powers conferred
by or under the Ministry of Pensions Act 1916, the 1916 с. 65.
Air Force (Constitution) Act 1917, the Personal 1917 c. 51 .
Injuries ( Emergency Provisions) Act 1939, the Pen- 1939 с. 82.
sions ( Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile 1939 с. 83.
Marine) Act 1939, the Polish Resettlement Act 1947, 1947 с. 19.
the Home Guard Act 1951 or the Ulster Defence 1951 c. 8.
Regiment Act 1969 ; 1969 с. 65.
( b ) without prejudice to paragraph (a ) of this
definition, any retired pay or pension to which
section 365 ( 1 ) of the Income and Corporation Taxes 1970 с. 10.
Act 1970 applies ;
c . 54
1818 Pensioners' Payments Act 1974
1965 с. 51.
1966 c. 6 (Ν.Ι. ).
1973 с. 42.
1965 с. 52.
1966 c. 9 (N.I. ) .
" war widow's pension " means any widow's pension or
allowance granted in respect of a death due to service
or war injury and payable by virtue of any enactment
mentioned in paragraph ( a ) of the preceding definition
or a pension or allowance for a widow granted under
any scheme mentioned in subsection ( 2)( e) of the said
section 365 ;
and each of the following expressions, namely, " attendance
allowance ", " unemployability supplement or allowance ", " war
disablement pension " and " war widow's pension ", includes
any payment which the Secretary of State accepts as being
analogous to it.
( 3) For the purposes of the preceding section the Channel
Islands, the Isle of Man and Gibraltar shall be treated as part
of the United Kingdom .
( 4 ) A person shall be treated for the purposes of subsection
(1)(b) of the preceding section as entitled to a payment of quali-
fying benefit if he would be so entitled-
(a ) but for the fact that he is entitled to receive some other
payment out of public funds ;
( b ) but for the operation of section 30( 7) of the National
Insurance Act 1965 or section 29( 7) of the National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ;
( c ) but for the terms of any arrangement to which section 4
of the National Insurance and Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973 applies and by which he is bound ; or
( d ) but for the fact that he has not made a claim for the
payment.
( 5) A person shall be treated for the purposes of subsection
( 2 ) (b) of the preceding section as entitled in respect of his spouse
to an increase in a payment of qualifying benefit if he would
be so entitled-
( a) but for the fact that he or his spouse is entitled to
receive some other payment out of public funds ;
( b ) but for the operation of any provision of-
(i ) section 30( 7) or 43A( 1) or ( 2) of the said Act
of 1965 or section 18(3A ) of the National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 or any regulations
made under section 18(3) of the latter Act, or
( ii ) section 29(7) or 42A( 1 ) or (2) of the National
Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 or section
18( 3A ) of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
c . 54
Pensioners' Payments Act 1974 1819
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 or any regulations made
under section 18( 3) of the latter Act,
whereby entitlement to benefit is affected by the amount
of a person's earnings in a given period ; or
( c ) but for such terms as are mentioned in paragraph (c)
of the preceding subsection ; or
( d ) but for the fact that he has not made a claim for the
increase.
( 6) For the purposes of the preceding section a person shall
be deemed not to be entitled to a payment of a war disablement
pension unless not later than the end of the relevant week-
( a ) he has attained the age of 70 in the case of a man or
65 in the case of a woman ; or
( b) he is treated under section 30( 2 ) of the National Insur- 1965 с. 51 .
ance Act 1965 or section 29( 2) of the National Insur- 1966 c. 6 (N.I.).
ance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 as having retired
from regular employment.
( 7 ) Two persons who are cohabiting as man and wife shall
be treated as spouses for the purposes of the preceding section
if-
( a) the qualifying benefit to which the man is entitled is a
supplementary pension ; and
( b) their requirements and resources fall to be aggregated
under paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 2 to either the
Supplementary Benefit Act 1966 or the Supplementary 1966 с. 20.
Benefits &c. Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966. 1966 с. 28
( Ν.Ι. ) .
3. ( 1 ) A determination by the competent authority that a Administra-
person is entitled or not entitled to payment of a qualifying tion.
benefit in respect of a period which includes a day in the
relevant week shall be conclusive for the purposes of section 1
ofthis Act ; and in this subsection " competent authority " means,
in relation to a payment of any description of qualifying benefit,
an authority who ordinarily determines whether a person is
entitled to such a payment.
( 2 ) Any question arising under section 1 or 2 of this Act,
other than one determined or falling to be determined under
the preceding subsection, shall be determined by the Secretary
of State whose decision shall, except as provided by the following
subsection, be final.
(3) The Secretary of State may reverse a decision under the
preceding subsection on new facts being brought to his notice
or if he is satisfied that the decision was given in ignorance of,
or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact.
c.54
1820 Pensioners' Payments Act 1974
Financial
provisions.
(4 ) The Secretary of State may-
( a) require any person to make a claim in writing for a
payment under section 1 of this Act ;
( b) require such information and evidence to be furnished
by a person who has applied for a payment under that
section as may in the opinion of the Secretary of State
be necessary for the purpose of determining whether
that person is or was entitled to such a payment.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State may make any payment under
section 1 of this Act at any time and in any manner that he
thinks appropriate and, in particular, may make such a payment
to someone other than the person entitled to it , but on that
person's behalf , if in the circumstances of the case he considers
it appropriate so to do.
( 6 ) The right of any person to payment of any sum under
section 1 of this Act shall be extinguished if payment is not
obtained within twelve months, or such longer period as the
Secretary of State may in any particular case allow, from the
date which the Secretary of State determines to be the date on
which that person became entitled to that payment.
4.- (1 ) The following provisions shall have effect with respect
to the payment of sums under section 1 of this Act, that is to
say-
( a ) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of
the relevant qualifying benefit out of the National
Insurance Fund or the Industrial Injuries Fund, any
sum paid to him under that section shall also be paid
out of the Fund in question ;
( b) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of the
relevant qualifying benefit out of money provided by
Parliament, any sum paid to him under that section
shall be paid out of money so provided ;
( c ) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of
the relevant qualifying benefit out of the Northern
Ireland National Insurance Fund or the Northern
Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund, any sum paid to him
under that section shall also be paid out of the
Fund in question ;
( d ) if a person is or is treated as entitled to payment of the
relevant qualifying benefit out of money appropriated
from the Consolidated Fund of Northern Ireland, any
sum paid to him under that section shall be paid out
ofmoney so appropriated.
c . 54
Pensioners' Payments Act 1974 1821
( 2 ) All administrative costs incurred in Great Britain by any
Minister of the Crown or any Government department under
the preceding provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of
money provided by Parliament, but so much of any such costs as
relates to sums payable out of the National Insurance Fund or
the Industrial Injuries Fund shall be repaid into the Consolidated
Fund out of the National Insurance Fund or the Industrial
Injuries Fund, as the case may be.
(3) All administrative costs incurred in Northern Ireland by
any Government department (including a Northern Ireland
department ) under the preceding provisions of this Act shall be
paid out of money appropriated from the Consolidated Fund of
Northern Ireland, but so much of any such costs as relates to
sums payable out of the Northern Ireland National Insurance
Fund or the Northern Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund shall be
repaid into the Consolidated Fund of Northern Ireland out of
the Northern Ireland National Insurance Fund or the Northern
Ireland Industrial Injuries Fund, as the case may be.
( 4 ) Where in consequence of the operation of any of the
preceding provisions of this section any payments fall to be made
by way of adjustments into or out of any funds mentioned in
those provisions, those payments shall be taken to be such, and
payments on account of them shall be made at such times and
in such manner, as may be determined by the Secretary of State
subject to any directions given by the Treasury.
5.-(1 ) This Act may be cited as the Pensioners' Payments Short title and
Act 1974.
supplementary
provisions.(2) This Act shall have effect, in relation to a person who is
or is treated as entitled to such a payment as is mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) (c) or (d ) of the preceding section, as if for any
reference to the Secretary of State (except in section 1 (5)(b)) or
to the Treasury there were substituted respectively a reference
to the Department of Health and Social Services for Northern
Ireland and the Department of Finance for Northern Ireland.
( 3) In this Act " enactment " includes an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland and an enactment of the Northern
Ireland Assembly ; and references in this Act to any enactment
are, except where the context otherwise requires, references to
that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.
( 4 ) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
1822 c. 55
DIEU ETAMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
National Theatre
Act 1974
Removal of
limit on
contribution
to cost of
national
theatre.
1949 с. 16.
S.I. 1965/603 .
1973 с. 2.
Short title,
citation
and repeals.
1974 CHAPTER 55
An Act to remove the limits imposed by the National
Theatre Act 1949 on the contributions which may be
made under that Act towards the cost of erecting and
equipping a national theatre. [29th November 1974]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1. In section 1 of the National Theatre Act 1949 (which, by
virtue of the Transfer of Functions (Cultural Institutions) Order
1965 and the National Theatre and Museum of London Act 1973,
authorises the Secretary of State to make contributions not
exceeding £5,700,000 in respect of the cost of erecting and
equipping a national theatre ), the words " ( not exceeding
£5,700,000) " shall be omitted, but no contribution shall be made
under that section after the passing of this Act without the
consent of the Treasury .
2.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the National Theatre Act
1974, and the National Theatre Act 1949 and this Act may be
cited together as the National Theatre Acts 1949 and 1974.
( 2) Subsection (1 ) of section 1 of the National Theatre and
Museum of London Act 1973, and, in section 2 of that Act, the
words from " and the National Theatre Act " to the words
“ 1949 and 1973 " are hereby repealed.
c . 56 1823
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROID
Prevention of Terrorism
( Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 56
AnAct to proscribe organisations concerned in terrorism,
and to give power to exclude certain persons from Great
Britain or the United Kingdom in order to prevent
acts of terrorism, and for connected purposes.
[29th November 1974]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
PROSCRIBED ORGANISATIONS
1.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (6) below, if any person- Proscribed
( a) belongs or professes to belong to a proscribed organi- organisations.
sation ;
( b) solicits or invites financial or other support for a pro-
scribed organisation, or knowingly makes or receives
any contribution in money or otherwise to the
resources of a proscribed organisation ; or
(c) arranges or assists in the arrangement or management
of, or addresses, any meeting of three or more persons
( whether or not it is a meeting to which the public
are admitted) knowing that the meeting is to support,
or to further the activities of, a proscribed organisation ,
1824 PART I
Display of
support in
public for a
proscribed
organisation.
c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions )
Act 1974
or is to be addressed by a person belonging or
professing to belong to a proscribed organisation,
he shall be liable-
( i ) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding £ 400,
or both, and
(ii ) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding five years or to a fine, or both.
( 2 ) Any organisation for the time being specified in Schedule
1 to this Act is a proscribed organisation for the purposes of this
Act ; and any organisation which passes under a name mentioned
in that Schedule shall be treated as proscribed, whatever relation-
ship (if any) it has to any other organisation of the same name.
(3) The Secretary of State may by order add to Schedule 1 to
this Act any organisation that appears to him to be concerned
in terrorism occurring in the United Kingdom and connected
with Northern Irish affairs, or in promoting or encouraging it.
( 4) The Secretary of State may also by order remove an
organisation from Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 5 ) In this section " organisation " includes an association or
combination of persons .
( 6 ) A person belonging to a proscribed organisation shall not
be guilty of an offence under this section by reason of belonging
to the organisation if he shows that he became a member when it
was not a proscribed organisation and that he has not since then
taken part in any of its activities at any time while it was a pro-
scribed organisation .
In this subsection the reference to a person becoming a
member of an organisation shall be taken to be a reference to
the only or last occasion on which he became a member.
( 7 ) The court by or before which a person is convicted of an
offence under this section may order the forfeiture of any money
or other property which, at the time of the offence, he had in his
possession or under his control for the use or benefit of the
proscribed organisation.
2. -Any person who in a public place-
(a) wears any item of dress, or
(b) wears, carries or displays any article,
in such a way or in such circumstances as to arouse reasonable
apprehension that he is a member or supporter of a proscribed
organisation, shall be liable on summary conviction to imprison-
ment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not
exceeding £200, or both.
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions) c. 56 1825
Act 1974
(2) A constable may arrest without warrant a person whom
he reasonably suspects to be a person guilty of an offence
under this section.
66
( 3) In this section public place includes any highway
and any other premises or place to which at the material time
the public have, or are permitted to have, access whether on
payment or otherwise.
PART I
PART II
EXCLUSION ORDERS
3.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may exercise the powers con- Orders to
ferred on him by this Part of this Act in such way as appears prevent
to him expedient to prevent acts of terrorism ( whether in Great terrorism.
Britain or elsewhere) designed to influence public opinion or
Government policy with respect to affairs in Northern Ireland.
( 2) In deciding whether to exercise his powers under this
section in relation to a person who is ordinarily resident in
Great Britain, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the
question whether that person's connection with any territory
outside Great Britain is such as to make it appropriate that
an order should be made against him under this section.
( 3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that-
( a ) any person ( whether in Great Britain or elsewhere ) is
concerned in the commission, preparation or instiga-
tion of acts of terrorism, or
( b ) any person is attempting or may attempt to enter Great
Britain with a view to being concerned in the com-
mission, preparation or instigation of acts of
terrorism,
the Secretary of State may make an order against that person
prohibiting him from being in, or entering, Great Britain .
( 4) An order shall not be made under this section against a
person who is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies
and who-
(a) is at the time ordinarily resident in Great Britain, and
has then been ordinarily resident in Great Britain
throughout the last 20 years, or
(b) was born in Great Britain and has, throughout his life,
been ordinarily resident in Great Britain .
Paragraph (a) shall be construed in accordance with Schedule
2 to this Act.
( 5 ) When any question arises under this Act whether or not
a person is exempted by subsection (4) above, it shall lie on the
person asserting it to prove that he is .
2E
1826 c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
PART II
( 6 ) An order made under the preceding provisions of this
section is referred to in this Act as an " exclusion order ".
( 7 ) An exclusion order may be revoked at any time by a
further order made by the Secretary of State.
( 8) If-
(a) a person subject to an exclusion order fails to comply
with the order at a time after he has been served with
notice of the making of the order, or
( b) a person is knowingly concerned in arrangements for
securing or facilitating the entry into Great Britain
of a person whom he knows, or has reasonable cause
to believe, to be a person subject to an exclusion order,
or
( c ) a person knowingly harbours a person whom he knows,
or has reasonable cause to believe, to be a person
subject to an exclusion order,
he shall be liable-
( i ) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding six months, or to a fine not
exceeding £ 400, or both, and
(ii ) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding five years, or to a fine, or
both .
Right to make 4 .- (1) As soon as may be after the making of an
representations exclusion order, notice of the making of the order shall be served
to Secretary
ofState. on the person against whom it is made, and the notice shall-
( a ) set out the rights of representation afforded to him by
this section, and
( b) specify the manner in which those representations are to
be made.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall not impose an obligation to
take any steps to serve a notice on a person at a time when he
is outside Great Britain.
( 3 ) If the person served with notice objects to the order, he
may within 48 hours of service of the notice make representations
in writing to the Secretary of State setting out the grounds of
his objection.
( 4) Where representations are duly made under this section,
the Secretary of State shall, unless he considers the grounds to
be frivolous, refer the matter for the advice of one or more
persons nominated by him.
(5 ) After receiving the objection and the report of the person
or persons so nominated, the Secretary of State shall, as soon as
may be, reconsider the case .
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions) c. 56 1827
Act 1974
(6) Where representations are duly made under this section
the Secretary of State shall, if it is reasonably practicable, notify
the person against whom the order was made of any decision
he takes as to whether or not to revoke the order.
PART II
5. Where any person is subject to an exclusion order and Powers of
notice of the order has been served on him, the Secretary of removal.
State may have that person removed from Great Britain if-
( a) he consents, or
( b) no representations have been duly made by him under
section 4 above, or
( c ) where such representations have been duly made by
him, he has been notified of the Secretary of State's
decision not to revoke the order.
6.-( 1 ) Where an exclusion order is made against a person who Exclusion
is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies it shall be an orders against
order prohibiting that person from being in , or entering, the personswho
United Kingdom. are not citizens
of the United
( 2) In relation to a person who is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and
Colonies.
Kingdom and Colonies-
( a ) the last reference to Great Britain in section 3(2) and (3)
above, and the reference to Great Britain in section 5
above, shall be construed as references to the United
Kingdom, and
(b) the reference in section 3( 8)(b) above to Great Britain
shall be construed as including a reference to Northern
Ireland ,
but this subsection has effect subject to any order under the
following provisions of this section.
(3) The Secretary of State may by order provide that , in rela-
tion to a person who is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and
Colonies, the provisions of sections 3, 4 and 5 of this Act shall
have effect subject to such exceptions, adaptations or modifica-
tions as may be specified in the order.
( 4) An order under this section-
( a ) may make different provision for different cases, and in
particular provision distinguishing between presence or
residence in Great Britain and presence or residence in
Northern Ireland,
( b) may exclude all or any of the provisions of subsection
( 2) above in all or any cases,
( c ) may include such supplemental or incidental provisions
as appear to the Secretary of State expedient.
2E2
1828 Powers of
arrest and
detention.
1952 с. 55.
1969 с. 54.
1954 с. 48.
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
1968 с. 34
( Ν.Ι. ) .
c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
PART III
GENERAL AND MISCELLANEOUS
7.-( 1 ) A constable may arrest without warrant a person whom
he reasonably suspects to be-
( a ) a person guilty of an offence under section 1 or 3 of
thisAct ;
( b) a person concerned in the commission, preparation or
instigation of acts of terrorism ;
( c) a person subject to an exclusion order.
( 2) A person arrested under this section shall not be detained
in right of the arrest for more than 48 hours after his arrest :
Provided that the Secretary of State may, in any particular case,
extend the period of 48 hours by a further period not exceeding
5days.
( 3) The following provisions ( requirement to bring arrested
person before a court after his arrest) shall not apply to a person
detained in right of the arrest .
The said provisions are-
Section 38 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952,
Section 29 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969,
Section 20(3) of the Summary Jurisdiction ( Scotland) Act
1954 ,
Section 132 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ire-
land ) 1964, and
Section 50(3) of the Children and Young Persons Act
( Northern Ireland) 1968.
( 4 ) In Scotland section 10(1) of the Summary Jurisdiction
( Scotland ) Act 1954 (chief constable may in certain cases accept
bail) shall not apply to a person detained in right of an arrest
under this section.
( 5) The provisions of this section are without prejudice to the
power of arrest under section 2 of the Criminal Law Act 1967,
section 2 of the Criminal Law Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1967 and
section 10 of the Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions) Act
1973 .
1967 с. 58.
1967 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) .
1973 с. 53 .
Control of
entry
and procedure
for removal.
8.- ( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by order provide for-
(a) the examination of persons arriving in, or leaving, Great
Britain or Northern Ireland, with a view to deter-
mining-
( i) whether any such person appears to be a
person concerned in the commission, preparation
or instigation of acts of terrorism, or
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions) c. 56 1829
Act 1974
(ii) whether any such person is subject to an
exclusion order, or
(iii) whether there are grounds for suspecting that
any such person has committed an offence under
section 3 (8) of this Act,
( b) the arrest and detention of persons subject to exclusion
orders, pending their removal pursuant to section 5
above, and
( c ) arrangements for the removal of persons pursuant to
section 5 above.
( 2) An order under this section may confer powers on
examining officers (appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 (2)
of Schedule 3 to this Act ), including-
( a) the power of arresting and detaining any person
pending-
(i) his examination,
(ii) the taking of a decision by the Secretary of
State as to whether or not to make an exclusion
order against him, or
(iii) his removal pursuant to section 5 above,
( b) the power of searching persons, of boarding ships or
aircraft, of searching in ships or aircraft, or elsewhere
and of detaining articles-
(i) for use in connection with the taking of a deci-
sion by the Secretary of State as to whether or not to
make an exclusion order ; or
( ii) for use as evidence in criminal proceedings.
PART III
9.-(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires -
Supplemental provisions.
" aircraft " includes hovercraft,
"captain means master ( of a ship) or commander (of an
aircraft ) ,
" exclusion order " has the meaning given by section 3 (6)
of this Act,
" port " includes airport and hoverport,
"
" ship includes every description of vessel used in
navigation,
" terrorism " means the use of violence for political ends,
and includes any use of violence for the purpose of
putting the public or any section of the public in fear.
( 2 ) The powers conferred by Part II and section 8 of this Act
shall be exercisable notwithstanding the rights conferred by
section 1 of the Immigration Act 1971 ( general principles 1971 c. 77 .
regulating entry into and staying in the United Kingdom).
2E3
1830 PART III
Financial
provisions.
Power to
extend to
Channel
Islands and
Isle of Man.
c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
(3) Any reference in a provision of this Act to a person's
being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation
of acts of terrorism shall be taken to include a reference to his
being so concerned at any time before the coming into force
of that provision.
(4 ) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect
for supplementing sections 1 to 8 of this Act.
( 5) Any power to make an order conferred by section 1, 6, 8
or 12 of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and
shall include power to vary or revoke any order so made.
( 6 ) An order made under section 6 or 8 of this Act shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 7 ) No order under section 1 or 12 of this Act shall be made
unless-
(a) a draft of the order has been approved by resolution
of each House of Parliament, or
( b) it is declared in the order that it appears to the Secre-
tary of State that by reason of urgency it is necessary
to make the order without a draft having been so
approved.
(8) Every order under section 1 or 12 of this Act (except
such an order of which a draft has been so approved) —
(a ) shall be laid before Parliament, and
( b) shall cease to have effect at the expiration of a period
of 40 days beginning with the date on which it was
made unless, before the expiration of that period, the
order has been approved by resolution of each House
of Parliament, but without prejudice to anything pre-
viously done or to the making of a new order.
In reckoning for the purposes of this subsection any period
of 40 days, no account shall be taken of any period during which
Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both
Houses are adjourned for more than 4 days .
10. Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under, or
by virtue of, this Act shall be paid out of money provided by
Parliament.
11.-(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that
any of the provisions of this Act shall extend, with such
exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be
specified in the Order, to any of the Channel Islands and the
Isle of Man.
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions) c. 56 1831
Act 1974
( 2) An Order in Council under this section may be varied
or revoked by a further Order in Council.
PART III
12.-(1 ) Sections 1 to 8 of this Act shall remain in force Duration ,
until the expiry of the period of six months beginning with the expiry and
passing of this Act and shall then expire unless continued in revival ofAct.
force by an order under this section .
(2) The Secretary of State may by order provide
( a) that all or any of the provisions of those sections which
are for the time being in force (including any in force
by virtue of an order under this section) shall continue
in force for a period not exceeding six months from
the coming into operation of the order ;
( b) that all or any of the said provisions which are for the
time being in force shall cease to be in force ; or
( c ) that all or any of the said provisions which are not for
the time being in force shall come into force again and
remain in force for a period not exceeding six months
from the coming into operation of the order.
( 3) On the expiration of any provision of this Act, section
38( 2) of the Interpretation Act 1889 (effect of repeals) shall apply 1889 c. 63 .
as if that provision of this Act was then repealed by another
Act .
13.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Prevention of Terrorism Short title and
( Temporary Provisions) Act 1974.
extent.
( 2) Part I of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
2E4
1832 Section 1.
1967 с. 80.
1962 с. 15.
c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROSCRIBED ORGANISATIONS
Irish Republican Army
Section 3
1971 с. 77.
SCHEDULE 2
EXCLUSION ORDERS : CALCULATION OF PERIOD OF RESIDENCE
1.- (1) It is hereby declared that a person is not to be treated , for
the purpose of the exemption in section 3(4)( a) of this Act for persons
ordinarily resident in Great Britain, as ordinarily resident in Great
Britain at a time when he is there in breach of-
( a ) an exclusion order ;
( b ) the Immigration Act 1971 ; or
( c ) any law for purposes similar to that Act which is or was
for the time being ( before or after the passing of this Act)
in force in any part of Great Britain.
( 2) In that exemption " the last 20 years is to be taken as a
period amounting in total to 20 years exclusive of any time during
which the person claiming exemption was undergoing imprisonment
or detention by virtue of a sentence passed for an offence on a
conviction in the United Kingdom and Islands, and the period for
which he was imprisoned or detained by virtue of the sentence
amounted to six months or more.
2. In this Schedule-
( a ) " sentence " includes any order made on conviction of an
offence ;
( b ) two or more sentences for consecutive ( or partly consecutive )
terms shall be treated as a single sentence ;
( c ) a person shall be deemed to be detained by virtue of a
sentence-
(i) at any time when he is liable to imprisonment or
detention by virtue of the sentence, but is unlawfully at
large ; and
(ii ) during any period of custody by which under any
relevant enactment the term to be served under the
sentence is reduced ;
( d ) " Islands " means the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.
3. In sub-paragraph (c )(ii) above " relevant enactment " means
section 67 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 (or before that section
operated, section 17( 2 ) of the Criminal Justice Administration Act
1962 ) and any similar enactment which is for the time being or has
( before or after the passing of this Act ) been in force in any part of
the United Kingdom or Islands .
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions) Act 1974
c . 56
SCHEDULE 3
Section 9.
SUPPLEMENTAL PROVISIONS FOR SECTIONS 1 TO 8
PART I
ORDERS UNDER SECTION 8
1.- (1) In this Part of this Schedule references to an order are to
an order made under section 8 of this Act.
( 2 ) An order shall provide for the appointment as examining
officers of-
( a ) constables,
(b ) immigration officers appointed for the purposes of the Immi- 1971 c. 77.
gration Act 1971 under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to that
Act , and
( c ) officers of customs and excise who are the subject of arrange-
ments for their employment as immigration officers, made
by the Secretary of State under the said paragraph 1 .
( 3) In Northern Ireland members of Her Majesty's forces may
perform such functions conferred on examining officers as are
specified in the order.
( 4) Where, by virtue of subsection (2)( b) of section 8, an order
confers powers of search and of detaining articles on an examining
officer, the order may also confer power on the examining officer to
authorise any other person to exercise, on his behalf, any of the
powers conferred by virtue of that subsection.
( 5 ) An order may-
( a ) in the case of ships and aircraft-
( i ) coming to Great Britain from the Republic of
Ireland, Northern Ireland , the Channel Islands or the
Isle of Man, or
(ii ) going from Great Britain to any other of those
places,
restrict the ports, areas or places in Great Britain which they
may use, and
(b ) provide for the supply and use of-
( i ) landing cards by passengers disembarking in Great
Britain from ships or aircraft, and
(ii ) embarkation cards by passengers boarding ships
or aircraft about to leave Great Britain.
( 6 ) The persons on whom duties may be imposed by the order
shall include persons arriving in, or leaving, Great Britain or Northern
Ireland whether as passengers or otherwise, and captains, owners
or agents of ships or aircraft.
( 7 ) Without prejudice to the generality of section 8 or of the
preceding provisions of this paragraph, an order may contain such
supplemental or incidental provisions as appear to the Secretary of
State to be expedient, and may contain provisions comparable to
those contained in or made under the following administrative pro-
visions of the Immigration Act 1971, that is to say, section 33(3)
( designation of ports of entry and exit ) and the following paragraphs
of Schedule 2 :-
Paragraph
4 ... ... ... Duties of persons being examined, and powers
to search them and their belongings .
1833
1834 c. 56 Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions)
Act 1974
SCH . 3 Paragraph
5
...
... ...
8, 10 and 11...
16, 17 and 18(3)...
Orders about landing and embarkation cards.
Arrangements for the removal of persons .
Detention of persons liable to examination or
removal.
26 and 27... ...
Supplemental duties of those connected with
ships or aircraft or with ports.
( 8) A person who knowingly contravenes or fails to comply with
an order shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on
summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200, or to imprisonment
for not more than three months, or both.
( 9) Examining officers appointed in pursuance of sub-paragraph (2)
above shall exercise their functions under this Act in accordance with
such instructions as may from time to time be given them by the
Secretary of State .
2.- (1) In the case of ships or aircraft-
( a) coming to Northern Ireland from any of the other places
mentioned in paragraph 1( 5) above, or
( b) going to Northern Ireland from any of those places,
an order may restrict the ports, areas or places in Northern Ireland
which they may use.
( 2) An order may provide for the supply and use of landing cards
and embarkation cards by persons disembarking in Northern Ireland
from ships or aircraft, or boarding ships or aircraft about to leave
Northern Ireland.
3. An order may make such provision as appears to the Secretary
of State expedient as respects persons who enter or leave Northern
Ireland by land, or who seek to do so.
PART II
OFFENCES, DETENTION, Eтс.
Prosecution of offences
4.- (1) Proceedings for an offence under section 1, 2 or 3 of this
Act shall not be instituted in England or Wales, or (for section 3) in
Northern Ireland, except by or with the consent of the Attorney
General.
( 2) Sub-paragraph (1) above shall not prevent the issue or
execution of a warrant for the arrest of any person in respect of
an offence, or the remanding in custody or on bail of any person
charged with an offence.
Search warrants
5. (1 ) If a justice of the peace is satisfied that there is reasonable
ground for suspecting that-
( a ) evidence of the commission of an offence under section 1 or 3
of this Act, or
( b) evidence sufficient to justify the making of an order under
section 1 of this Act or an exclusion order,
is to be found at any premises or place, he may grant a search
warrant authorising entry to the premises or place.
Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions ) Act 1974
c. 56 ( 2 ) An application for a warrant under sub-paragraph (1) above
shall be made by a member of a police force of a rank not lower than
the rank of an inspector, and he shall give his information to the
justice on oath.
( 3) The warrant shall authorise the applicant, and any other
member of any police force, to enter the premises or place, if
necessary by force, and to search the premises or place and every
person found therein and to seize anything found on the premises
or place, or on any such person, which any member of a police
force acting under the warrant has reasonable grounds for suspecting
to be evidence falling within sub-paragraph ( 1) above.
( 4) If a member of a police force of a rank not lower than the
rank of superintendent has reasonable grounds for believing that
the case is one of great emergency and that in the interests of the
State immediate action is necessary, he may by a written order
signed by him give to any member of a police force the authority
which may be given by a search warrant under this paragraph.
( 5 ) Where any authority is so given, particulars of the case shall
be notified as soon as may be to the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) No woman shall, in pursuance of a warrant or order given
under this paragraph, be searched except by a woman.
( 7) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for any
reference to a justice of the peace there shall be substituted a
reference to a sheriff or a magistrate or justice of the peace ; and
for any reference to information on oath there shall be substituted
a reference to evidence on oath.
Detention : supplemental provisions
6.- (1) A person may be detained-
( a ) in right of an arrest under section 7 of this Act, or
(b) under any provision contained in or made under section 8
of this Act, or Part I of this Schedule,
in such place as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct
( when not detained in accordance with an order under section 8 of
this Act on board a ship or aircraft ).
( 2 ) A person shall be deemed to be in legal custody at any time
when he is so detained.
( 3) Where a person is so detained, any examining officer, constable
or prison officer, or any other person authorised by the Secretary of
State, may take all such steps as may be reasonably necessary for
photographing, measuring or otherwise identifying him.
Powers of search without warrant
7.- (1) In any circumstances in which a constable has power
under section 7 of this Act to arrest a person, he may also, for
the purpose of ascertaining whether he has in his possession any
document or other article which may constitute evidence that he is
a person liable to arrest, stop that person, and search him .
( 2) Where a constable has arrested a person under the said section,
for any reason other than for the commission of a criminal offence,
1835
SCH . 3
1836 SCH. 3
c. 56
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions )
Act 1974
he, or any other constable, may search him for the purpose of
ascertaining whether he has in his possession any document or other
article which may constitute evidence that he is a person liable to
arrest.
( 3) No woman shall in pursuance of this paragraph be searched
except by a woman.
Evidence in proceedings
8.- ( 1) Any document purporting to be an order, notice or
direction made or given by the Secretary of State for the purposes of
any provision contained in or made under this Act and to be signed
by him or on his behalf shall be received in evidence, and shall, until
the contrary is proved, be deemed to be made or given by him.
( 2 ) Prima facie evidence of any such order, notice or direction
may, in any legal proceedings, be given by the production of a
document bearing a certificate purporting to be signed by or on
behalf of the Secretary of State and stating that the document is a
true copy of the order, notice or direction ; and the certificate shall
be received in evidence, and shall, until the contrary is proved , be
deemed to be made or issued by the Secretary of State.
Application to Northern Ireland
9.- (1) This Part of this Schedule shall extend to Northern Ireland
so far as it relates to an offence under section 3 of this Act in respect
of an exclusion order which prohibits a person from being in , or
entering, the United Kingdom ( and not only Great Britain ).
(2) The Secretary of State may by order contained in a statutory
instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament make such adaptations of this Part of this
Schedule as appear to him expedient for the purpose of its applica-
tion to Northern Ireland in accordance with this paragraph.
c. 57 1837
ELIZABETH II
DIEUETMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Consolidated Fund ( No. 4)
Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 57
An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to
the service of the year ending on 31st March 1975.
[ 12th December 1974]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
TE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
Wassembled, towards making good the supply which we
have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of
Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum
hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech
Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the
Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the
same, as follows : -
1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund ofIssue out ofthe
Consolidated Fund
the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply
for the year ending
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on
31st March 1975 .
31st March 1975 the sum of £1,499,985,000.
2. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund ( No. 4) Short title.
Act 1974.
c. 58 1839
BIETET MONDROIT
SPENSE
Social Security
Amendment Act 1974
1974 CHAPTER 58
An Act to amend the provisions of the Social Security
Act 1973 as to the rate or amount of contributions ; to
alter the meaning of " year " in certain provisions of
that Act; to extend the power to enable friendly
societies to conduct business with a view to establishing
occupational pension schemes ; to amend section 58
of the National Insurance Act 1965, sections 29( c), 40(1)
and 49 of the said Act of 1973 and certain enactments
corresponding to the said sections 58 and 40(1); to
amend certain enactments in connection with the
consolidation of social security legislation; and for
purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.
[ 12th December 1974]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-(1) The amounts and percentages specified in sections Contributions.
2 to 5 of the Social Security Act 1973 (which relate to contribu- 1973 c. 38.
tions under Part I of that Act ) shall be increased as follows-
(a) in section 2( 1) (which provides that the upper and lower
earnings limits for Class 1 contributions shall be
respectively £ 8 and £ 48) for " £8 " there shall be
substituted " £11 " and for " £ 48 " there shall be
substituted " £69 " ;
( b) in section 2( 6 ) ( which provides that a Class 1 contribu-
tion shall be the following percentage of the relevant
earnings, namely 5.25 % in the case of a primary
contribution at the standard rate, 0-6% in the case
1840 1973 с. 38.
c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
of a primary contribution at the reduced rate and
7.5% in the case of a secondary contribution ) for
" 5-25 " there shall be substituted " 5.5 ", for " 06 "
there shall be substituted " 2 " and for " 7.5 " there
shall be substituted " 8.5 " ;
( c ) in section 3(1) (under which Class 2 contributions are
at the rate of £1.68 a week ) for " £1.68 " there shall
be substituted " £2·41 " ;
( d ) in section 3(5) (under which a person liable for Class 2
contributions in respect of an employment as a self-
employed earner may be excepted from the liability
for any period for which his earnings from the employ-
ment are less than £ 468 a year) for " £468 " there shall
be substituted " £675 " ;
( e ) in section 4( 1) (under which the amount of a Class 3
contribution is £1· 33) for " £1.33 " there shall be sub-
stituted " £1-90 ” ;
( f ) in section 5(2 ) and (9) (under which a Class 4 contribu-
tion is 5% of so much of the relevant gains or profits
as exceeds £1,150 and does not exceed £2,500) for
" 5 per cent. " there shall be substituted " 8 per cent. " ,
for " £1,150 " (including " £1,150 " in section 5(9) ( c))
there shall be substituted " £1,600 " and for " £2,500 "
there shall be substituted " £3,600 ” ;
and in section 45( 3)( e) of that Act (which provides that the
appropriate national health service allocation in the case of
Class 4 contributions is 0.4% of the earnings for which the
contributions were paid ) for " 0.4 " there shall be substituted
" 0.6".
( 2) No primary Class 1 contribution shall be payable in respect
of-
( a) an employed earner falling within paragraph ( a) or (b)
of section 2(7) of the Social Security Act 1973 ( which
relate to persons over pensionable age who either have
retired from regular employment or have not so retired
but did not satisfy the contribution conditions for a
Category A retirement pension on attaining that age) ;
or
( b) a woman over pensionable age who was married when
she attained that age and has not retired from regular
employment and-
( i) as to whom the requirements of paragraph (b)
of subsection (2 ) of section 24 of that Act ( which
relates to the number of years after marriage in a
married woman's working life ) are not satisfied, and
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1841
(ii ) who is not a woman who satisfies the require-
ments of paragraph ( a ) of that subsection (which
relates to a woman who, when she was 55 or older,
married the husband to whom she was married on
attaining pensionable age) ;
but nothing in this subsection affects any liability to pay
secondary Class 1 contributions in respect of any person.
( 3) Awoman who has been widowed and-
(a ) is liable apart from this subsection to pay primary
Class 1 contributions at the standard rate ; and
( b ) falls within a class of women prescribed for the purposes
of this paragraph,
shall be liable to pay those contributions at the reduced rate
for prescribed earnings except that she shall be liable to pay
them at the standard rate for any of those earnings as respects
which she has, in accordance with regulations, elected to pay
those contributions at the standard rate and not revoked the
election .
( 4 ) In section 42 of the Social Security Act 1973 (hereafter in 1973 c. 38.
this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") —
( a ) in subsection (2) (which states that regulations shall
provide for enabling a married woman or widow to
elect to pay primary Class 1 contributions at the
reduced rate or not to pay Class 2 contributions) after
the word " provide " there shall be inserted and be
deemed always to have been inserted the words
" , subject to any prescribed conditions and
exceptions," ; and
( b) subsection ( 4 ) (which authorises the making of regula-
tions about the liability for contributions of women
who have been widowed) shall be omitted ;
and accordingly in section 2(7 ) ( c) and 3( 2)(c ) of that Act the
words " or (4) " shall be omitted.
2.- (1) The Secretary of State shall not be required by virtue Provisions
of subsection ( 1) of section 7 of the principal Act (which among supplementary
other things provides for the alteration by order of the amounts to s. 1 .
of basic scheme contributions, and of the figures related to such
contributions, by reference to changes in the general level of
earnings which have taken place in and since the year 1971-72)
to carry out a review with a view to determining whether to
make an order under that section in relation to the first year of
operation of sections 2 to 5 of that Act ; and accordingly in that
subsection for the words from the beginning to " Secretary of
State " there shall be substituted the words "As soon as may
be after 6th April 1975 the Secretary of State ", for the words
1842 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
66
" 1971-72 " there shall be substituted the words 1973-74 "
and for the words " first year " there shall be substituted the
words " second year " .
( 2 ) Any regulations made by virtue of subsection (4 ) of
section 42 of the principal Act shall be treated as made by
virtue of subsection (1) of that section (under which Part I of
the principal Act may be modified by regulations in its applica-
tion to women who are or have been married) ; and it is hereby
declared that nothing in the said subsection ( 4 ) prejudiced the
generality of the said subsection ( 1) .
( 3) Subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of the preceding section shall be
construed as one with the principal Act, but section 97( 1) of
that Act (which provides that no regulations shall be made
under specified provisions of that Act unless a draft of the
regulations has been approved by a resolution of each House
of Parliament ) and paragraph 15( 1) of Schedule 25 to that Act
( which relates to regulations made for Northern Ireland under
those provisions) shall have effect as if the said subsection (3)
were included among those provisions .
( 4 ) In subsection (6 ) of section 8 of the principal Act (which
provides that an order under that section shall not increase by
more than 0-25 per cent. the percentage specified in section 2(6)
or 5(2) of that Act as originally passed ) for the words " originally
passed " there shall be substituted the words " for the time being
amended by any other Act " .
Meaning of " year " .
3. The following references to a year in the principal Act,
namely-
(a) any reference in sections 5(7) (a) , 23 (2) and 30(2)(a) and
paragraphs 4( 2), 5(5) (a) and 6( 2 ) of Schedule 3 ;
( b) the last reference in section 24(2) (b) (i) and paragraph
7(2) of Schedule 3 ; and
(c) the third reference ( " that in which ") in paragraph 5( 4)
of Schedule 3 and the second reference in paragraph
2(a ) of Schedule 8,
shall be construed as references to an income tax year within the
meaning of that Act.
Conductby
4. In section 71( 1) of the principal Act (under which regula-
friendly societies of
tions may enable a registered society within the meaning of the
business for
Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1971 to conduct approved group
establishing
insurance business with a view to the establishment of occupa-
occupational tional pension schemes by reference to which the employment
pension schemes . of members of the society can be recognised pensionable employ-
ment) the words from " by reference " onwards shall be omitted.
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1843
5. ( 1) Section 58 of the National Insurance Act 1965 Miscellaneous
( which relates to payments in lieu of contributions) shall have amendments,
effect, and shall be deemed to have had effect from the beginning and
amendments
of 15th February 1971 , subject to the amendment specified in in connection
regulation 4(9) of the Family Allowances, National Insurance, with the
Industrial Injuries and Miscellaneous Provisions ( Decimalisa- consolidation
tion of the Currency) Regulations 1970 ( which provides for a of social
payment in lieu of contributions of a specified amount for each security
complete contribution week during the relevant period of service legislation .
for which contributions were payable at the non-participating 1965 c . 51.
employment rate) but with the substitution for the words from
S.I. 1970/46.
" complete " to " employment rate " of the words " contribu-
tion week beginning during that period " .
(2 ) The preceding subsection shall apply to section 57 of the
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 ( which corres- 1966 c. 6 ( N.I.).
ponds to the said section 58) as it applies to the said section 58
but with the substitution for the reference to the said regulation
4( 9) of a reference to regulation 4(9) of the Family Allowances, S.R. & O.
National Insurance, Industrial Injuries and Miscellaneous Provi- ( N.I.) 1970/15.
sions ( Decimalisation of the Currency) Regulations ( Northern
Ireland) 1970.
( 3) In section 29( c ) of the principal Act ( under which it is a
condition of a woman's entitlement to a child's special allowance
that either her late husband had been contributing at not less
than the prescribed weekly rate to the cost of providing for the
child or she was entitled at the date of his death, under a court
order, trust or agreement, to payments for the child, at not less
than the weekly rate, provided or procured by him ) for the words
" the weekly rate " there shall be substituted the words " that
rate".
( 4 ) In section 40(1) of the principal Act (which provides that
that Act shall, except in certain cases, apply to persons employed
by or under the Crown in like manner as if such persons
were employed earners in the employment of a private person )
and in paragraphs 42 and 145 of Schedule 27 to that Act (which
substitute for section 74 of the National Insurance ( Industrial 1965 c. 52.
Injuries) Act 1965 and section 70 of the National Insurance 1966 c. 9 ( N.I. ).
( Industrial Injuries) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966 provisions cor-
responding to the said section 40( 1) ) for the words 66
earners in
the employment of " there shall be substituted the word " by " .
( 5) In section 49 of the principal Act, subsection (6)( c) (under
which the Joint Authority for Great Britain and Northern
Ireland which is continued in force for social security pur-
poses by subsection ( 4 ) of that section may be substituted for
the Secretary of State and a Northern Ireland department as
the authority empowered to make certain regulations and orders
under Part I of that Act ) and subsection (7) (which among
1844 c. 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
other things authorises the Joint Authority to make regulations
applying section 40(2) to ( 4) of that Act to Northern Ireland) shall
be omitted ; and in consequence the following provisions of
the principal Act shall have effect with the following amendments,
namely- ( a ) in section 40( 4) after the word " prescribed " there shall
be inserted the words " by regulations made by the
Secretary of State " ;
( b) in section 48( 4) the words from " the Joint Authority
"
"
to " by ", the words or Joint Authority " and the
words " authority or " shall be omitted ;
( c ) in section 49, in subsection ( 1) (which among other things
excludes section 40( 2) to ( 4) of the principal Act from
the provisions which extend to Northern Ireland ) the
words " 40(2) to (4) " shall be omitted, and subsection
( 8) (which relates to sums determined by regulations
under subsection ( 7) of that section ) shall be omitted ;
( d ) in sections 96(6) and 97( 3) and paragraph 7 of Schedule
25 the words " or the Joint Authority " shall be
omitted ; and
( e ) in paragraph 2 of Schedule 13, in the entry relating
to the Secretary of State ( which, as amended by the
National Insurance Measure ( Northern Ireland) 1974,
excludes among other provisions section 14(2) (e) of that
Act from the adaptations made by that entry ), after
the word " 14(2)(e) " there shall be inserted the words
" , section 40 ".
( 6 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Act shall
have effect subject to the amendments there specified (which
are amendments in connection with the consolidation of enact-
ments relating to social security ) .
Citation, 6.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Social Security Amend-
interpretation, ment Act 1974 and this Act and the principal Act may be cited
repeals,
together as the Social Security Acts 1973 and 1974.
commence-
ment and
extent.
( 2 ) In this Act-
" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland and an enactment of the Northern
Ireland Assembly ; and
1973 с. 38.
" the principal Act" means the Social Security Act 1973 ;
and references in this Act to any enactment are, except where
the context otherwise requires, references to that enactment as
amended by or under any other enactment.
( 3) The enactments mentioned in the first and second
columns of Schedule 2 to this Act are hereby repealed to the
extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1845
( 4 ) The following provisions of this Act, namely, section 5(6),
Schedule 1 and so much of Schedule 2 as specifies provisions
which cease to have effect by virtue of Schedule 1, shall come
into force on such day as the Secretary of State may specify by
order made by statutory instrument.
(5) This Act extends to Northern Ireland except so far as it
amends or repeals any enactment which does not so extend.
1846 c. 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
Section5 ( 6 )
1965 с. 51 .
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
AMENDMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONSOLIDATION
OF SOCIAL SECURITY LEGISLATION
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
National Insurance Act 1965
1. The National Insurance Act 1965 shall be amended as shown
below in this paragraph.
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 64 ( Interpretation of In paragraph (c ), after " " claimant " "
Part IV )
insert-
"( i ) in relation to contributions and
benefit under Part I of the Social
Security Act ";
and at the end of the paragraph insert-
"
( ii ) in relation to benefit under Part II
or IV of the Industrial Injuries Act
has the same meaning as in that
Act;
( iii ) includes, in relation to an award or
decision, a beneficiary under the
award or affected by the decision;
and ' claim ' shall be construed accord-
ingly".
Section 65 ( Appeals from
Secretary of State's deci-
sions )
In subsection (1), after " to (c ) " insert
( 1A )( a) " .
"
or
Section 66 (Review of Secre-
tary of State's decisions)
In subsection (1) , after " to (c ) " insert "
or
( 1A )".
In subsection (2), after " Act " insert " or in
section 35(2) of the Industrial Injuries
Act " .
Section 68 (Submission of
claims and questions to
insurance officers )
In subsection (1), after " this Act " insert
" and the Industrial Injuries Act ".
In subsection ( 2), after " benefit " insert
"under Part I of the Social Security Act
or under the Industrial Injuries Act ".
In subsection ( 5), after " Act " insert
and
Part III of the Industrial Injuries Act ".
Section 69 ( Appeals from
insurance officer to local
tribunal )
In subsection (1), in the proviso, after
" 84( 1 ) " insert " or (1A) ".
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c . 58
1847
SCH . 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 70A (Determination After " Where "
insert " (a) " and after
appeal ) ofquestions first arising on
" applies) " insert-
66 or
( b ) any question under the Industrial
Injuries Act (not being a question to
which section 84(1A ) of the Social
Security Act applies or a disable-
ment question under section 37 of
the Industrial Injuries Act) ".
"
Section 71 ( Reference of In subsection (1) , after " 84(1) " insert or
special questions) 66
( 1A ) " ; after " applies " insert or a
disablement question under section 37 of
the Industrial Injuries Act "; omit " (sub-
ject to any necessary modifications) " in
paragraph ( a) and in that paragraph after
the second " that Act" insert " or section
37 of the Industrial Injuries Act ".
Section 72 (Review of de-
cisions of insurance
officer etc.)
In subsection (1)( c ), for " in accordance with
the provisions of section 66 of this Act or
reviewed in accordance with the provisions
of " substitute " under section 66 of this
Act or".
Section 73 ( Regulations for For subsection (1) substitute-
determinationofquestions ) " (1) Subject to the provisions of this
Part of this Act and Part III of the
Industrial Injuries Act, provision may
be made by regulations for the deter-
mination-
( a )by the Secretary of State; or
( b ) by a person or tribunal appoin-
ted or constituted in accord-
ance with the regulations,
of any question arising under or in
connection with the National Insurance
Acts 1965 to 1974, the National Insur-
ance (Industrial Injuries) Acts 1965 to
1974 or the Social Security Act, includ-
ing any claim for benefit.
(1A) Regulations under subsection
( 1 ) above may modify, add to or exclude
any provisions of this Part of this Act or
Part III of the Industrial Injuries Act
or section 84 of the Social Security Act,
so far as relating to any questions to
which the regulations relate.".
In subsection ( 2 ), after " 84 (1) " insert " or
( 1A ) "; and omit " and other than a
question as to entitlement to a death
grant ".
Section 75 ( Supplementary
provisions as to adjudica-
tion )
For subsection (1) substitute the following-
" (1) Subject to the provisions of
this Part of this Act, Part III of the
Industrial Injuries Act, and section 84
1848 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 75 ( Supplementary
provisions as to adjudica-
tion ) -cont.
of the Social Security Act, the decision
of any claim or question in accordance
with those provisions shall be final; and
subject to the provisions of any regula-
tions under section 73 of this Act, the
decision of any claim or question in
accordance with those provisions shall
be final".
In subsection ( 2) -
( a ) for the words from the beginning
to " include " substitute-
" (2 ) Regulations may, for any
purposes of this Part of this Act
or Part III of the Industrial
Injuries Act, make " ;
( b ) in paragraph (a ), omit " the pro-
cedure which is to be followed " ;
( c ) in paragraph ( b), for the words from
" for making " to the end substitute
" for producing any evidence or for
making an appeal " ;
( d ) in paragraph (f), aft after "State"
insert "a Commissioner " ;
66
( e ) for the words from any proceed-
ings " (in the passage following
paragraph (g) ) to the end of the
66
subsection substitute any pro-
ceedings under this Part of this
Act or section 84 of the Social
Security Act ";
After subsection ( 2 ) insert-
" ( 2A) Regulations under this section
may deal differently with claims and
questions relating to benefit under Part I
of the Social Security Act and those
relating to benefit under the Industrial
Injuries Act. ".
Section 76(Determination of
certain questions as to
child or family)
In subsection (1), after " thereof ) " insert
"
or with respect to benefit under
the Industrial Injuries Act (other than
such a question as is mentioned in section
35(2) of that Act ) "; and omit the words
" in like manner " and the words from
" as a corresponding " to the end.
Section 77 (Constitution of Omit subsection ( 6 ) .
local tribunals)
Section 81 ( Benefit wrongly In subsection ( 6 ), omit " Part II of " .
paid ; interim awards,
etc. )
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965
2. The National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 shall be
amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section 5 (General right to, and description of , benefit ) In subsection (4), for " section 76 of this Act
and section 94 (8) " substitute " sections 41
and 43 ".
Section 17 ( Increase of bene-
fit in respect of children) In subsection ( 2 ), for " date of the relevant
accident and " substitute " day for which
the increase under this section is claimed
and was ", and for " with that date " sub-
stitute " immediately before that day " .
For subsections (3) and ( 4 ) substitute-
"( 3 ) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below,
where a man is entitled to injury benefit
or a disablement pension there shall be
treated as included in the beneficiary's
family-
( a ) a child who, on the day for
which the increase provided
by subsection (1) above is
claimed, could (though not
otherwise included in the bene-
ficiary's family ) have been
treated as so included by
virtue of paragraph 3 of the
Schedule to the Family Allow-
ances Act; and
( b) a child who could have been so
treated but for the fact that the
beneficiary is contributing at
the appropriate rate to the
cost of providing for the child ;
and " the appropriate rate " is a weekly
rate which, though not less than the
prescribed rate, is less than the mini-
mum rate for the time being required
for the purposes of section 3( 2) of the
Family Allowances Act.
( 4 ) An increase under this section of
any amount in respect of a particular
child shall for any period be payable
only if during that period one or other
of the following conditions is satisfied
with respect to the child-
( a ) the child is living with the
beneficiary; or
( b ) the requisite contributions are
being made to the cost of
providing for the child.
( 4A ) The condition specified in sub-
section (4)(b) above shall be treated as
satisfied if , and only if-
( a ) such contributions are being
made at a weekly rate not less
1849
SCH. 1
1965 с. 52.
1850 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH . 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 17 (Increase of bene-
fit in respect of children )-
cont.
than the amount referred to in
subsection ( 4)—
(i ) by the beneficiary, or
(ii ) where the beneficiary
is one of two spouses living
together, by them together ;
and
( b ) where an allowance under the
Family Allowances Act is pay-
able in respect of the child
as a child of the beneficiary's
family, the contributions are
over and above those required
for the purposes of satisfying
section 3( 2) of that Act or (as
the case may be) the Schedule
to that Act, paragraph 1(1),
proviso. "
Section 21 (Children of de- In subsection ( 4), for " 17( 4) and ( 5 ) " sub-
ceased's family) stitute " 17( 4), (4A) and (5) ".
Section 24 ( Benefit for In subsection ( 3), for " section 30(c) of this "
woman having care of
substitute " paragraph 3 of Schedule 10
deceased's children)
to the Social Security ".
Section 25 (Obligations of In subsection (1), omit paragraphs ( b) and (c ) .
claimants and beneficiaries)
Section 27 (Administration Omit the section.
ofbenefit )
Section 28 ( Benefit to be Omit subsection (1) .
inalienable)
Section 30 (Overlapping Omit the section.
benefits )
Section 31 ( Disqualifications
and suspensions) Omit subsections (1 ) and (3).
In subsection (2) -
"
( a ) in paragraph ( a ), for any other
provision of that section " substi-
tute " subsection (1)(a) , (2) or (3)
of that section or paragraph 1(1) or
2A of Schedule 10 to the Social
Security Act ",
( b ) in paragraph (b ), omit " or any
course which he is so required to
attend".
Section 32 ( Disqualification Omit subsection ( 1) .
to be disregarded in certain
cases )
Section 33 (Definitions etc. in relation to medical treat-
ment )
Omit subsection (2) .
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1851
SCH . 1
Provision ofAct
Section 34 ( Provisions as to
maintenance and incapa-
city for self -support)
Amendment
Omit subsections (1) and (2 ).
In subsection ( 3), for the words from the
beginning to " further " substitute " Regu-
lations under paragraph 10 of Schedule 10
to the Social Security Act may".
In subsection (6 ), after " Act " insert " and
of the Social Security Act .
Omit subsections (1), ( 3) and (4 ) .
Section 35 ( Questions to be
determined by Secretary of
State )
Section42 ( Medical appeals ) In subsection (1) substitute the following for
paragraph (b)—
" (b) an association of employed earners,
or any other association which
exists to promote the interests and
welfare of its members, where in
either case the claimant was a
member of the association at the
time of the relevant accident ".
Section 48 ( Declaration that In subsection (5)-
accident is an industrial
( a ) in paragraph ( b), after the second
accident )
employment " insert " for the"
purposes of this Act " ; and
( b ) omit the words following paragraph
( c ).
Section 50 (Supplementary
provisions as to adjudica-
tion )
Omit subsections (1) and (7) .
In subsection ( 2)-
"
( a ) for Regulations may provide "
substitute " Regulations under
section 75( 2) of the Insurance Act
may, for any purpose of Part IV of
that Act or this Part of this Act,
provide";
( b ) in paragraph (a ), omit " and the
form of any document required " ;
( c ) omit paragraphs (e), (g) and ( h) ; and
( d ) in paragraph (i ) after " under " (in
both places ) insert " the said Part
IV or ".
In subsections ( 3 ) and ( 4 ), for " subsection
( 2 ) of this section " substitute " section
75( 2) of the Insurance Act ".
At the end of subsection (5 ) add " under
section 75( 2) of the Insurance Act " .
In subsection (6 ), after " Commissioner "
insert " a local tribunal within the
meaning of the Insurance Act".
Section54( Interim payments,
arrears and repayments)
Omit the section.
1852 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section 57 ( Application to For subsection ( 2 ) substitute-
diseases of provisions as
"( 2 ) In relation to prescribed diseases
to benefits and claims)
and injuries , regulations may provide-
( a ) for modifying provisions of this
Act relating to injury benefit
and disablement benefit and
the administration of such
benefit; and
( b ) for adapting references in this
Act to accidents.
( 2A ) Regulations shall provide for
applying in relation-
( a ) to claims for benefit under this
Part of this Act in respect of
a prescribed disease or injury;
and
( b) to questions arising in connec-
tion with such claims or awards
of such benefit,
the provisions of Part III of this Act and
Part IV of the Insurance Act, subject to
any prescribed additions or modifi-
cations ".
Section 64 ( Inspectors) Omit the section....
Section 68 (Offences, penal- Omit the section.
ties and legal proceedings)
Section 70 (Decisions to be conclusive )
Omit the section.
Section 74 (Crown employ- In the proviso, for " in the naval, military or
ment ) air force service of the Crown " substitute
as a member of Her Majesty's Forces "."
Section76( Persons employed
on exploitation of conti-
nental shelf )
Omit the section.
Section 79 (Persons to be
treated as employers in
certain cases)
Section 82 ( Supplementary schemes ) Section 83 (Northern Ireland ) In subsection (1), for " this Act " , where
those words occur in paragraph (c), sub-
stitute " Part II or Part IV of this Act " ;
and for " for the purposes of this Act "
substitute " in respect of benefit under this
Act and the administration of such
benefit".
In subsection (1), for the first " by this Act "
substitute " by Parts II and IV of this
Act"; and for the third "this Act "
substitute " those Parts ".
Omit the section.
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1853
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 84 ( Countries out-
side United Kingdom)
In subsection (2 ), omit paragraph ( c ) and in
paragraph ( d ) the words from " by pay-
ments " onwards.
Section 85 (Orders in Coun-
cil, regulations, etc.)
Omit subsections ( 2 ), (4 ) and (6 ); and in
subsection ( 5) omit the words " other than
regulations to which subsection (4) of this
section applies " .
Section 86 ( Interpretation ) In subsection (1), in the definition of
" claimant", for " means a person claim-
ing " substitute " in relation to benefit
under Part II or Part IV of this Act,
means a person who has claimed such ",
and in paragraph (b) of the definition omit
" the review of " ; omit the definition of
"
day"; and in the definition of " earn-
ings ", for " a gainful occupation " sub-
stitute " an employment (within the mean-
ing of the Social Security Act) ".
Atthe end of the section add-
" ( 8) Except where the context other-
wise requires, references in this Act to
any Part of it include references to the
Schedules of that Part ".
Schedule 7 (Joint Authority Omit the Schedule.
for Great Britain and
Northern Ireland )
National Insurance Act 1966
3. The National Insurance Act 1966 shall be amended as shown
below in this paragraph.
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 5 ( Amendments of Omit subsection ( 4).
National Insurance (In-
dustrial Injuries) Act 1965 )
Section 6 ( Increase ofdisable- Omit subsection (3).
ment pension for excep-
tionally severe disablement)
Section 8 ( Amendment as to determination of claims
and questions)
In subsection (1), omit paragraph (a) .
1966 с. 6.
1854 SCH. 1
1967 с. 34.
1973 с. 38.
c. 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
Provision of Act
Schedule 2 (Modification of
Insurance Act, Part IV, as
to claims and questions
under Industrial Injuries
Act )
Amendment
In paragraph 4( b ), for " of which " sub-
stitute " or any other association which
exists to promote the interests and welfare
of its members, if in either case ", and after
" member " insert " of the association ".
Omit paragraph 5.
Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967
4. The Industrial Injuries and Diseases ( Old Cases ) Act 1967 shall
be amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 4 (Provisions as to In subsection ( 4), substitute the following
schemes for supplementing
workmen's compensation) for paragraph (c ) -
" (c ) for applying, with or without
modifications , paragraph 9 of
Schedule 10 to the Social Security
Act 1973 or any regulations under
paragraph 8(1 ), (2) or (3) of that
Schedule or for making provision
corresponding thereto " ;
and in paragraph (e) after " section 2 or
"
insert " by way of benefit "; and for the
words from "be recovered " onwards
"
substitute or the Social Security Act
1973 be recovered by deduction from any
payment by way of benefit under the
Industrial Injuries Act ".
Section 9 ( Adjustment of In subsection ( 3), after " Part II " insert " or
benefit ) IV ".
Section 13 ( Application of In subsection (1), omit paragraphs (a ) and
enactments ) ( b ).
Social Security Act 1973
5. The Social Security Act 1973 shall be amended as shown below
in this paragraph.
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 1 (Outline of basic In subsection ( 3) , for " Chapter III " sub-
scheme contributory sys-
stitute " sections 40 to 43 of this Act".
tem )
Section 2 (Class 1 contri- In subsection (6 ), for " Chapter III " sub-
butions ) stitute " sections 40 to 43 of this Act "
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1855
SCH. 1
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 5 (Class 4 contri- In subsection (5 ), for " the basic scheme "
butions )
substitute " this Part of this Act " .
Section 14 ( Disqualifications
and special conditions)
In subsections ( 2 ) and (3), for " Part IV "
substitute " sections 68 to 72 ".
Section 40 (Crown servants, armed forces, etc.)
In subsection (3) for " this Part of this Act "
substitute " Chapters I and II of this Part
of this Act ( except sections 7, 8 and 39),
Part IV of the former principal Act and
the Industrial Injuries Acts "; and for
" its " substitute " their ".
In subsection (4), after " Act " insert " and
the Industrial Injuries Acts " .
Section 41 (Mariners, airmen, etc. ) In subsection (1) for " this Part of this Act "
substitute " any provision of Chapter I or
II of this Part (except sections 7, 8 and 39)
or of Part IV of the former principal Act
or of the Industrial Injuries Acts ", and
after " been " insert " or are to be " ; in
paragraphs (a ) and ( b ) of the subsection
for " this Part " substitute any such
provision " ; and in paragraph ( c ) after
meaning " insert " of Chapter I " .
In subsection (2) (b) for " this Act " substitute
Chapter I of this Part " .66
Section 42 ( Married women
and widows )
In subsection (1), for " this Part of this Act "
substitute " Chapters I and II of this Part
( except sections 7, 8, 37, 38, 39 and
Schedule 10) " ; and for " its " substitute
" their".
Section 43 ( Persons outside In subsections (1) and ( 2), for " this Part of
Great Britain)
this Act " substitute " Chapters I and II
of this Part (except sections 7, 8 and 39)
and Part IV of the former principal Act
or of the Industrial Injuries Acts " .
Section 45 ( Destination of
contributions and Treasury
supplements)
66
In subsection (1), after paragraph 5( 3) "
insert " but subject to section 5(5) as
respects contributions from Northern
Ireland ".
Atthe end of the section add-
" ( 5) The Secretary of State may make
regulations modifying this section, in
such manner as he thinks proper, in
relation to the contributions of such
persons as are referred to in sections
40(3), 41(1 ) , and 43( 2) of this Act. "
Section 47 ( Reports by In subsection (2 ), for " Act and " substitute
Government Actuary) " Part of this Act and of".
1856 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision of Act
Amendment
Section 49 (The basic scheme
in Northern Ireland)
In subsection ( 3), for " Minister " substitute
"
Ministry " ; and for the words from " in
Great Britain " onwards substitute " the
Industrial Injuries Acts and the National
Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Measures
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to 1974 with a
view to securing that, to the extent allowed
for in the arrangements, the whole of that
legislation provides a single system of
social security for the United Kingdom ".
In subsection ( 4), after " Part of this Act
insert " and the Industrial Injuries Acts "
In subsection (6 )-
"
( a ) for basic scheme " substitute
66 arrangements " ;
( b) in paragraph (a ), for " between the
two territories " substitute " with
Northern Ireland or, as the case
may be, Great Britain " ; and
( c ) in paragraph ( b), for " this Part of
this Act in relation to Great Britain
or, as the case may be, " substitute
" the enactments in force in Great
Britain or ".
Section 50 (Reciprocal agree-
ments with other countries)
In subsection (1), after " modifying " insert
" or adapting".
In subsection (2 ), omit " of this Part of this
Act ".
Section 84 (Questions arising | After subsection (1) insert-
under the basic scheme)
"(1A ) Any ofthe following questions
arising under the Industrial Injuries Act
shall be determined by the Secretary of
State in accordance with Part IV of the
former principal Act-
( a ) whether a person is or was
employed in employed earner's
employment;
( b ) whether- ( i ) an increase of disable-
ment pension in respect of
the need for constant attend-
ance, or
( ii ) a further increase of
disablement pension under
section 6 of the National
Insurance Act 1966,
is to be granted or renewed
and, if so, for what period and
ofwhat amount;
( c ) how the limitations under
Schedule 5 to the Industrial
Injuries Act on the benefit
payable in respect of any
death are to be applied in the
circumstances of any case." .
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1857
SCH. 1
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 84 (Questions arising In subsection (3) after " above " insert " or
under the basic scheme)
section 35(2) of the Industrial Injuries
-cont.
Act".
In subsection ( 4), after " to (c ) " insert " or
(1A )(a ) " .
In subsection ( 5 ), for the words from the
beginning of the subsection to the end of
paragraph (a) substitute-
" (5) Any of the following questions
arising under Part I of this Act or the
Industrial Injuries Act-
( a ) any question arising in con-
nection with a claim for or
award of benefit other than-
( i ) a question for deter-
mination by the Secretary
of State under subsection ( 1)
or ( 1A ) above or by the
Attendance AllowanceBoard
under paragraph 14 of
Schedule 7 to the Act, or
( ii ) the disablement ques-
tions within the meaning of
section 37 of the Industrial
Injuries Act; or " .
Section 88 ( Administrative
provisions )
"
In subsection (1), after "Act ( where it
first occurs) insert " and the Industrial
Injuries Acts ".
Omit subsection (3) .
Section 89 ( Disclosure of
information by Inland
Revenue )
In subsection (1) for " Minister " substitute
" Ministry " .
In subsection (1), and in subsection ( 3)(b),
for " thereunder " substitute " under this
Act or under the Industrial Injuries Acts
or the corresponding Northern Ireland
legislation " .
In subsection ( 3) (c ), after " principal Act "
"
insert or Part III of the Industrial
Injuries Act ".
Section 92 (Offences, penal- In subsection (5), -
ties and proceedings) ( a ) after " under this Act " insert " or
the Industrial Injuries Act ";
"
( b ) after " 84(1)(a) to (c) " insert or
( 1A )(a) ".
Section 94 (Assimilation of Omit subsection (8 ).
Industrial Injuries Acts to
basic scheme)
Section 95 (Further provi- Omit subsection (5 ).
sions as to Northern
Ireland )
Section 96 ( Orders and regu-
lations: general provisions)
In subsection (6 ), after "principal Act "
insert " or of the Industrial Injuries
Acts".
Part II 2 F
1858 c .58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 96 (Orders and regu-
lations: general provisions)
-cont.
In subsection (7 ) after " modifications "
insert " or adaptations ".
At the end of the section add-
"( 8) In relation to the Industrial
Injuries Acts, subsections ( 2) and (3)
above shall apply as if references to this
Act included references to those Acts ".
Section 99 (Interpretation ) In subsection ( 1), in the definitions of " the
Industrial Injuries Acts " and " the Old
Cases Acts " , for " 1972 " substitute
“
1974"; and at the end of the sub-
section add-
"' benefit ' means benefit under Part I
of this Act or, as respects any period
before the commencement of this Act,
under the former principal Act ;
beneficiary ' , in relation to any
benefit, means the person entitled to
that benefit;
' claimant ' and ' claim ' have the
same meanings as in Part IV of the
former principal Act;
' medical practitioner ' has the same
meaning as in the Industrial Injuries
Act ".
Schedule 7 (Attendance In paragraph 6 , omit " in paragraph 5 ".
Allowance Board )
Schedule 10 (Ancillary pro-
visions as to basic scheme
and other benefits)
In paragraph 1-
( a ) in sub-paragraph (1), after "manner"
insert " and within the prescribed
time "
( b ) substitute the following for sub-
paragraph (3 ) —
( 3) Regulations may make
provision as to the circumstances
in which any benefit which is
payable to one person may be
paid to another on his behalf " .
( c ) in sub-paragraph (4) (c), omit " ( in
any prescribed cases) " and " in the
alternative " .
In paragraph 2( 4)(c) after " other benefit "
insert " (except a death grant or death
or disablement benefit under the Industrial
Injuries Act) " .
After paragraph 2 insert-
" 2A . Regulations may provide-
( a ) for requiring claimants to
furnish to the prescribed person
any information required for
the determination of the claim
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1859
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Schedule 10 ( Ancillary pro-
visions as to basic scheme
and other benefits) cont.
Amendment
or of any question arising in
connection with it;
( b ) for requiring beneficiaries-
( i ) to furnish to the pre-
scribed person any informa-
tion required for the determi-
nation of a question arising
in connection with the
award,
( ii ) to give notice to the
prescribed person of any
change of circumstances
affecting the continuance of
the right to benefit or its
receipt".
In paragraph 3, substitute the following for
sub- paragraph ( 1 )
"(1) Regulations may provide-
( a ) for adjusting benefit payable to
or in respect of any person , or
the conditions for its receipt,
where-
( i ) there is payable in his
case any such pension or
allowance as is described in
sub- paragraph (1A ) below,
or
( ii ) the person is , or is
treated under the regulations
as, undergoing medical or
other treatment as an in-
patient in a hospital or
similar institution ;
( b ) for suspending payment ofbene-
fit to a person during any
period in which he is under-
going such medical or other
treatment.
(1A ) Sub-paragraph ( 1) (a)(i ) above
applies to any pension or allowance
payable out of public funds ( excluding
an allowance under the Family Allow-
ances Act, but including any other
benefit under this Act or the Industrial
Injuries Acts, whether of the same or a
different description ) which is payable
to or in respect of-
( a ) the person referred to in sub-
paragraph (1);
( b ) that person's wife or husband;
( c ) any child or adult dependant of
that person; or
( d )the wife or husband of any adult
dependant of that person." .
2F2
1860 c . 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision of Act
Amendment
Schedule 10 ( Ancillary provi-
sions as to basic scheme
and other benefits ) -cont.
In paragraph 6, omit the words from " рага-
graphs 4 " to " and in ".
In paragraph 7( 1) , for the words from
66
"
paragraph 2 or 3 above " to SO
"
entitled " substitute any provision of
this Act or the Industrial Injuries Acts
disentitling him to receipt of that benefit
to be treated as if entitled thereto for the
purposes of any rights or obligations
( whether his own or another's) under this
Act or those Acts which depend on his
entitlement ".
In paragraph 8-
( a ) in sub- paragraph (2 )( a), omit " not-
withstanding anything in this Act ",
and for " and a maternity allow-
ance substitute " a maternity
allowance and injury benefit ";
( b) in sub-paragraph ( 3) ( a), after " this
"
Act " insert or the Industrial
Injuries Acts " .
In paragraph 9( 1) after " this Act " insert
" and the Industrial Injuries Act " .
In paragraph 10 (1) after " this Act " insert
66 or the Industrial Injuries Acts ", and
after " mainly " insert " or to a substantial
extent".
After paragraph 10 insert-
" 11. In this Schedule ' benefit',
except where the context otherwise
requires , means benefit under Part I
of this Act or under the Industrial
Injuries Act " .
Schedule 13 ( Adaptation of In paragraph 2, -
Part I, and other provi-
( a ) in column 1 ofthe Table, after " The
sions, for Northern Ire-
former principal Act"
Ac and " The
land )
Industrial Injuries Act " insert (in
each case) " (except in the definition
ofthat expression in section 99(1)) ",
and after " The National Insurance
Act 1970 " insert " (except in para-
graph 2 of Schedule 7 ) " ;
( b ) in column 2 of the Table for " The
National Insurance (Industrial In-
juries) Acts (Northern Ireland) 1966
to 1972" substitute " The National
Insurance ( Industrial Injuries)
Measures (Northern Ireland) 1966
to 1974 " , and for " The Work-
man's Compensation ( Supplemen-
tation ) Acts ( Northern Ireland )
1966 to 1972" substitute " The
Workmen's Compensation (Supple-
mentation) Measures ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 to 1974 ".
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c.58
1861
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Schedule 13 ( Adaptation of
Part I, and other pro-
visions , for Northern
Ireland ) -cont.
Amendment
In paragraph 3( 1) after " 49 " " insert " and
omit ' from year to year ' ".
After paragraph 5(1) insert-
"( 1A ) In section 14 ( 2 ) and (3) (in
each case ) for ' sections 68 to 72 '
substitute sections 67 to 71 ' ".
“
In paragraph 6 after Article " insert
5 , 7".
In paragraph 9 for " section 24( 8) " substi-
tute " sections 24 ( 8) and 25(11) (in each
case ) "; and at the end insert " and after
' Act passed ' insert (in each case) ' or
Measure of the Northern Ireland Assembly
enacted' . ".
After paragraph 9 insert-
" 9A. In section 28( 2) omit ' by the
Secretary of State '."
In paragraph 11 after " In " insert " section
41 (1)(b) omit ' any part of ' and in ".
After paragraph 11 insert-
" 11A. In sections 40( 3), 41(1 ) and
43( 1) omit (in each case) ' (except
sections 7, 8 and 39 ) '; and in section
42(1 ) for sections 7 , 8, 37, 38 and 39 '
substitute'sections 37 and 38 ' ."
In paragraph 13-
( a ) at the end of sub-paragraph (a )
insert ", and omit ' but subject to
section 5(5) as respects contributions
from Northern Ireland ' " ;
( b ) after sub-paragraph (b) insert-
"( c ) in subsection (5 ) for
'41(1) and 43( 2) , substi-
tute ' and 41 (1) ' ".
In paragraph 14, for sub-paragraph (a) sub-
stitute-
"( a ) in subsection (1) omit thedefinitions
of the Industrial Injuries Act ' and
' the former principal Act ' , except
so far as they are applicable for the
interpretation of section 49(2) and
( 4 ) respectively, and the definitions
of the Family Allowances Act ',
' the Industrial Injuries Acts ' and
' the Old Cases Acts ' ; " ;
and at the end of the paragraph add-
" ( c ) in subsection (17) for ' section 48,
68, 96 or 97 of this Act ' substitute
' section 68, 96 or 97 of this Act or
paragra paragraph 15( 3) or (3A ) of Schedule
25 ' " .
In paragraph 16( c), for "16" substitute
17 ".
2F3
1862 c.58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH . 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Schedule 22 (Miscellaneous administrative provisions)
In paragraphs 1 to7 and 14 ( a ), construe every
reference to " this Act " ( except the first
reference in paragraph 1) as including the
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries)
Acts 1965 to 1974 or, in Northern Ireland,
the National Insurance ( Industrial In-
juries) Measures ( Northern Ireland ) 1966
to 1974.
In paragraph 1, at the end ofsub-paragraph
( b ) , add" or for investigating the circum-
stances in which any injury or disease
which has given or may give rise to a
claim for benefit under the Industrial
Injuries Acts was, or may have been,
received or contracted".
Omit Part III.
Schedule 23 ( Proceedings) In paragraph 15 (1), after
insert " basic scheme ".
"payment of"
Schedule 25 ( Adaptation of In paragraph 3 for " 3 " substitute-
certain provisions of Part
IV for Northern Ireland ) "National Insurance Act 1966" substi-
"3.- (1) In section 84 (1A )( b)(ii ) for
tute " National Insurance ( No. 2 ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
( 2 ) ".
In paragraph 4 omit sub -paragraph ( c ).
In paragraph 7-
( a ) after " 1966 " insert " or the National
Insurance ( Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966",
( b ) after " the Northern Ireland Minis-
try " insert " or the Department of
Manpower Services for Northern
Ireland",
( c ) after " that Ministry " (twice) insert
66 or Department ",
( d ) after " the former principal Act "
insert " or of the Industrial Injuries
Acts".
Omit paragraph 9.
In paragraph 10-
( a ) insub - paragraph (f) after " order is
made under " insert " the ";
( b ) after sub- paragraph ( h ) insert-
"(i ) in paragraph 14 for ' 7 to
13 ' substitute ' 7 to 9 and 11 to
13. ".
In paragraph 11, after sub-paragraph ( a)
insert-
" ( aa ) in paragraph 3(1) for ' 9 to 14'
substitute 9 and 11 to 14 ' ;".
In paragraph 15-
( a ) insub-paragraph (3) after " applies
"
insert " and all regulations made
under Part IV of the National In-
surance Act ( Northern Ireland )
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1863
SCH . 1
Provision ofAct
Schedule 25 ( Adaptation of
certain provisions of Part
IV for Northern Ireland)
-cont.
Amendment
1966 ", and after " 1954 " insert
" and in the case of those made
under this Act ";
( b) after sub-paragraph ( 3) insert-
"( 3A ) Any power of the
Northern Ireland Ministry to
make regulations or orders under
this Act shall be exercisable by
statutory rule for the purposes
of the Statutory Rules Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1958 " ; and
( c ) omit sub - paragraph (4 ) .
PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND
National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966
1. The National Insurance Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 shall be
amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section63 ( Interpretation for In paragraph (c ), after "" claimant " "
Part IV )
insert-
" (i ) in relation to contributions and
benefit under Part I of the Social
Security Act " ;
and at the end of the paragraph insert-
66
(ii ) in relation to benefit under Part II
or IV of the Industrial Injuries Act
has the same meaning as in that
Act ;
(iii ) includes, in relation to an award or
decision , a beneficiary under the
award or affected by the decision;
and " claim" shall be construed accord-
ingly".
Section 64 ( Appeals from
Department's decisions)
In subsection (1), after " to (c) " insert " or
( 1A ) (a )".
Section 65 ( Review of De- | In subsection (1), after " to (c) " insert " or
partment's decisions)
( 1A )".
In subsection ( 2) after " Act " insert " or in
section 35( 2 ) of the Industrial Injuries
Act" .
Section 67 ( Submission of
claims and questions to
insurance officers)
In subsection (1), after " this Act " insert
" and the Industrial Injuries Act ".
In subsection ( 2 ) after " benefit " insert
"under Part I of the Social Security Act
or under the Industrial Injuries Act ".
Insubsection ( 5 ) , after " Part " insert " and
Part III of the Industrial Injuries Act "
2F4
1966 c. 6 ( N.Ι.).
1864 c .58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 68 ( Appeals from
insurance officer to local
tribunal)
In subsection (2 ) after " 84(1) " insert " or
( 1A ) ".
Section 69A ( Determination
ofquestions first arising on
appeal )
After " Where " insert " (a) " and after
" applies) " insert-
; or
( b) any question under the Industrial
Injuries Act (not being a question to
which section 84(1A ) of the Social
Security Act applies or a disable-
ment question under section 37 of
the Industrial Injuries Act)".
Section 70 (Reference of In subsection (1), after " 84(1) " insert " or
special questions)66 "
( 1A ) " ; after applies insert "or a
disablement question under section 37
of the Industrial Injuries Act " ; omit
"(subject to any necessary modifications) "
in paragraph (a ); and in that paragraph
after the second " that Act " insert " or
section 37 of the Industrial Injuries Act ".
Section 71 ( Review of In subsection (1)(c ) , for " in accordance with
decisions of insurance
officer, etc.) the provisions of section 65 of this Act or
reviewed in accordance with the pro-
visions of " substitute " under section 65
of this Act or".
Section 72 (Regulations for For subsection (1) substitute-
determination of questions) " (1) Subject to the provisions of this
Part and Part III of the Industrial
Injuries Act, provision may be made by
regulations for the determination-
( a ) by the Ministry ; or
( b ) byaperson or tribunal appointed
or constituted in accordance
with the regulations,
of any question arising under or in con-
nection with the National Insurance
Measures ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 to
1974, the National Insurance (Indus-
trial Injuries) Measures (Northern Ire-
land ) 1966 to 1974 or the Social Security
Act, including any claim for benefit.
(1A ) Regulations under subsection
( 1) may modify, add to or exclude any
provisions of this Part or Part III of
the Industrial Injuries Act or section 84
of the Social Security Act, so far as
relating to any questions to which the
regulations relate ".
"
In subsection ( 2), after " 84( 1 ) " insert or
(1A ) " ; and omit " and other than a
question as to entitlement to a death
grant".
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1865
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section 74 ( Supplementary For subsection (1) substitute-
provisions as to adjudica-
" (1) Subject to the provisions of this
tion )
Part, Part III of the Industrial Injuries
Act and section 84 of the Social Security
Act, the decision of any claim or
question in accordance with those pro-
visions shall be final; and, subject to
the provisions of any regulations under
section 72, the decision of any claim or
question in accordance with those pro-
visions shall be final. "
In subsection (2 )
( a ) for the words from the beginning to
" include " substitute-
" (2 ) Regulations may, for any
purpose of this Part or Part III
of the Industrial Injuries Act,
make" ;
( b ) in paragraph ( a ), omit " the proce-
durewhich is to be followed ";
( c ) inparagraph ( b), for the words from
" for making " to the end substitute
" for producing any evidence or for
making an appeal ";
( d ) in paragraph (f), after " Ministry "
insert " a Commissioner " ;
( e ) in the passage following paragraph
( g) , for " they " substitute " it "
and for the words from " neither "
onwards substitute " the Arbitra-
tion Act ( Northern Ireland) 1937
shall not apply to any proceedings
under this Part or section 84 of the
Social Security Act ".
After subsection (2) insert-
" ( 2A) Regulations under this section
may deal differently with claims and
questions relating to benefit under Part
I of the Social Security Act and those
relating to benefit under the Industrial
Injuries Act. " .
Section 75 (Determination of
certain questions as to
child or family)
In subsection (1), after " that Act ) " insert
66
or with respect to benefit under the
Industrial Injuries Act (other than such
a question as is mentioned in section 35(2)
of that Act) " ; and omit the words " in
like manner " and the words from " as a
corresponding " onwards.
Section 76 ( Constitution of In subsection (1)(c) as set out in Part IV of
local tribunals) Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act
1973, for " Minister " substitute " Mini-
stry".
Omit subsection ( 6 ).
2F5
1866 c . 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
1966 c. 9 (N.Ι.) .
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 78 ( Retirement of ,
and superannuation allow-
ances for, Commissioners)
In subsection (1) as set out in Part IV of
Schedule 25 to the Social Security Act 1973
for " having " substitute " have " .
Section 79 ( Remuneration In subsection (1), after " of aCommissioner "
and expenses of Commis- insert " or any tribunal presided over by
sioner and other persons)
a Commissioner ".
Section 80 ( Benefit wrongly In subsection (6 ), omit " Part II of " .
paid; interim awards, etc.)
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries ) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966
2. The National Insurance ( Industrial Injuries ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 shall be amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision of Act
Amendment
Section 5 ( General right to,❘
anddescription of, benefit )
In subsection ( 4 ), for " section 75( 2 ) and of
section 94( 8) " substitute " sections 41
and 43 ".
Section 17 (Increase of bene-
fit in respect of children )
In subsection ( 2)(b), for "date of the
relevant accident and " substitute " day
for which the increase under this section
is claimed and was ", and for " with that
date " substitute "i
" immediately before
that day".
For subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) substitute-
"( 3 ) Subject to subsection ( 5 ), where
a man is entitled to injury benefit or a
disablement pension there shall be
treated as included in the beneficiary's
family-
( a ) a child who, on the day for
which the increase provided by
subsection (1) is claimed, could
( though not otherwise included
inthebeneficiary's family ) have
been treated as so included by
virtue of paragraph 3 of the
Schedule to the Family Allow-
ances Act; and
( b ) a child who could have been so
treated but for the fact that
the beneficiary is contributing
at the appropriate rate to the
cost of providing for the child ;
and " the appropriate rate " is a weekly
rate which, though not less than the
prescribed rate, is less than the minimum
rate for the time being required for the
purposes of section 3( 2 ) of the Family
Allowances Act.
( 4 ) An increase under this section of
any amount in respect of a particular
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1867
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Amendment
Section 17 ( Increase of bene-
fit in respect of children) -
cont .
child shall for any period be payable
only if during that period one or other
of the following conditions is satisfied
with respect to the child-
( a )the child is living with the
beneficiary; or
( b ) the requisite contributions are
being made to the cost of
providing for the child.
( 4A ) The condition specified in sub-
section (4)( b) shall be treated as satisfied
if , and only if , -
( a ) such contributions are being
made at a weekly rate not less
than the amount referred to in
subsection (4) —
( i ) by the beneficiary, or
(ii ) where the beneficiary
is one of two spouses living
together, by them together;
and
( b ) where an allowance under the
Family Allowances Act is pay-
able in respect of the child as
a child of the beneficiary's
family, the contributions are
over and above those required
for the purposes of satisfying
section 3( 2) of that Act or (as
the case may be ) the Schedule
to that Act, paragraph 1( 2 ) " .
Section 21 (Children of In subsection ( 4 ) , for " 17( 4 ) and ( 5) ”
deceased's family ).
substitute " 17( 4 ), ( 4A ) and (5) " .
Section 24 (Women having
care ofdeceased's children )
In subsection ( 3), for " section 30 (c ) " substi-
tute " paragraph 3 of Schedule 10 to the
Social Security Act".
Section 25 ( Obligations of
claimants and benefi-
ciaries )
In subsection ( 1), omit paragraphs (b)
and(c ).
Section 27 (Administration Omit the section.
ofbenefit )
Section 28 ( Benefit to be Omit subsection (1).
inalienable )
Section 30 ( Overlapping Omit the section.
benefits )
Section 31 (Disqualifications
and suspensions) Omit subsections (1) and ( 3).
In subsection (2)—
66
( a ) in paragraph (a), for any other
provision of that section " substi-
tute " subsection (1)( a), (2) or (3) of
1868 c .58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision of Act
Amendment
Section 31 ( Disqualifications
and suspensions) -cont.
that section or paragraph 1(1) or
2A of Schedule 10 to the Social
Security Act ",
( b ) in paragraph (b), omit or any
course which he is so required to
attend".
Section 32 ( Disqualification| Omit subsection (1).
to be disregarded in certain
cases )
Section 33 (Definitions etc. Omit subsection (2 ) .
in relation to medical
treatment )
Section 34 (Provisions as to
maintenance and inca-
pacity for self -support)
Omit subsections (1) and (2) .
In subsection ( 3), for the words from the
beginning to " further " substitute " Regu-
lations under paragraph 10 of Schedule 10
to the Social Security Act may".
In subsection ( 7), after "Act " insert " and of
the Social Security Act " .
Omit subsections (1), (3) and (4 ) .
Section 35 (Questions to be
determined by Depart-
ment )
Section 47 (Declaration that accident is an industrial
accident )
Section 49 (Supplementary
provisions as to adjudi-
cation )
In subsection (5) -
( a ) in paragraph ( b), after the second
"employment insert " for the
purposes of this Act " ; and
( b ) omit the words following para-
graph ( c).
Omit subsection (1 ).
In subsection ( 2 ) - "
( a ) for " Regulations may provide
substitute " Regulations under
section 74(2) of the Insurance Act
may, for any purpose of Part IV of
that Act or this Part of this Act,
provide";
( b ) in paragraph (a ), omit " and the
form of any document required ";
( c ) omit paragraphs (e), (g) and (h) ; and
( d ) in paragraph (i ) after " under " (in
bothplaces ) insert " the said Part IV
or".
In subsection (3), for " subsection (2 ) " sub-
stitute " section 74 ( 2) of the Insurance
Act ".
At the end of subsection ( 5 ) add " under
section 74(2) of the Insurance Act ".
In subsection (6 ), after " means "
insert " a
Commissioner or local tribunal within the
meaning of the Insurance Act ".
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c .58
1869
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section 53 ( Interim pay- Omit the section.
ments, arrears and repay-
ments )
Section 55 ( Application to For subsection ( 2 ) substitute-
diseases of provisions as to
benefits and claims) " (2 ) In relation to prescribed diseases
and injuries, regulations may provide
( a ) for modifying provisions of this
Act relating to injury benefit
anddisablement benefit and the
administration of such bene-
fit ; and
( b ) for adapting references in this
Act to accidents " .
( 2A) Regulations shall provide for
applying in relation-
( a ) to claims for benefit under this
Part of this Act in respect of a
prescribed disease or injury ;
and
( b ) to questions arising in con-
nection with such claims or
awards of such benefit,
the provisions of Part III of this Act
and Part IV of the Insurance Act, subject
to any prescribed additions or modifica-
tions " .
Section 60 ( Inspectors)...
Section 62 ( Arrangements
with United Kingdom
departments)
Omit the section.
After " this Act " (in each place ) insert " the
Insurance Act or the Social Security Act " ;
for " section 63 of the Government of
Ireland Act 1920 " substitute " section 11
of the Northern Ireland Constitution Act
1973 " ; and after " performance " insert
" by or " .
Section 64 (Offences, penal- ties and legal proceedings)
Omit the section.
Section 66 ( Decisions to be conclusive )
Omit the section.
Section 70 (Crown employ- ment)
In the proviso, for " in the naval, military or
air force service of the Crown" substitute
as a member of Her Majesty's forces ".66
Section 74 ( Persons to be
treated as employers in
certain cases )
In subsection (1), for " this Act " (where
those words occur in paragraph (c)) sub-
stitute " Part II or IV of this Act "; and
for " for the purposes of this Act " sub-
stitute " in respect of benefit under this
Act and the administration of such
benefit".
1870 c .58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section75( Special provisions Omit subsection( 2 ).
as to certain employments)
Section 77 ( Supplementary
schemes )
In subsection (1), for the first " by this Act "
substitute " by Parts II andIV ofthis Act " ;
and for the third " this Act " substitute
" those Parts ".
In subsection (2 ), at the end, insert- " and
for the purposes of this section the follow-
ing subsections shall be added to the said
section 46-
'( 2 ) An order under subsection (1)
with respect to any supplementary
scheme may replace all or any of the
provisions of the scheme (whether or
not previously amended , varied or
modified under that subsection ) with
new provisions consolidating those pro-
visions as they are to have effect with
the amendments, variations or modi-
fications to be made by the order.
( 3) The Ministry after consulting the
body charged with the administration of
a supplementary scheme may make an
order under this subsection for the
purpose of consolidating the provisions
of the scheme as for the time being
amended, varied or modified.
( 4 ) Any order made by virtue of
subsection(2 ) or ( 3) may revoke previous
orders under this section relating to the
scheme so far as they are superseded by
the consolidation or have otherwise
become obsolete or unnecessary ' " .
Section 78 (Great Britain ) Omit the section.
Section 79 (Countries outside
United Kingdom)
In subsection (1), as originally enacted, for
" the Governor by Order in Council "
substitute "
Her Majesty by Order in
Council".
In subsection ( 2), omit paragraph ( c ) and in
paragraph (d) the words from " by pay-
ments " onwards.
Section 80 (Orders in Coun- cil, regulations, etc.)
Omit subsection (3) .
Section 81 ( Interpretation ) In subsection (1) , in the definition of" claim-
ant ", for "means a person claiming
"substitute " in relation to benefit under
Part II or Part IV, means a person who
has claimed such ", ", and in paragraph ( b)
of the definition omit " the review of " ;
omit the definition of " day "; and in the
definition of " earnings " for " a gainful
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1871
SCH. 1
Provision ofAct
Section 81 (Interpretation )
-cont.
Amendment
occupation " substitute " an employment
( within the meaning of the Social Security
Act )" .
At the end of the section, add-
" (6 ) Any reference in this Act to
another enactment shall, except so far
as the context otherwise requires, be
construed as a reference to that enact-
ment as amended or extended by or
under any other enactment, including
an enactment contained in this Act.
( 7 ) Except where the context otherwise
requires, references in this Act to any
Part of it include references to the
Schedules of that Part. ".
The Workmen's Compensation ( Supplementation) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966
3. The Workmen's Compensation (Supplementation ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966 shall be amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision ofAct Amendment
Section 4 ( Provisions as to In subsection ( 3), substitute the following
regulations for supplemen-
for paragraph (c) -
ting workmen's compensa-
" (c ) for applying, with or without
tion )
modifications , paragraph 9 of
Schedule 10 to the Social Security
Act 1973 or any regulations under
paragraph 8(1), ( 2) or ( 3) of that
Schedule or for making provision
corresponding thereto ";
and in paragraph (e) after " Act or " insert
66
by way of benefit under " ; and for the
words from " that Act be" onwards sub-
stitute " the Industrial Injuries Act or the
Social Security Act 1973 be recovered by
deduction from any payment by way of
benefit under the Industrial Injuries Act ".
Section 5 ( Adjustment of In subsection ( 3), after " Part II " insert
benefit )"or IV".
Section 9 ( Application of Omit paragraphs ( a ) and ( b).
enactments )
1966 c. 14 (Ν.Ι. ) .
1872 c. 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 1 The National Insurance (No. 2 ) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1966
1966 c. 16 ( Ν.Ι.). 4. The National Insurance ( No. 2 ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966
shall be amended as shown below in this paragraph.
Provision of Act Amendment
Section 5 (Amendments of Omit subsection (4 ).
National Insurance (In-
dustrial Injuries ) Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966 )
Section6(Increase of disable- Omit subsection (3) .
ment pension for excep-
tionally severedisablement)
Section 8 ( Amendment as to determination of claims
and questions )
In subsection (1), omit paragraph (a ) .
Schedule 2 ( Modification of
" In paragraph 4 ( b ), for " ofwhich " substitute
Insurance Act, Part IV, as
or any other association which exists to
to claims and questions
promote the interest and welfare of its
under Industrial Injuries
members, if in either case " , and after
Act)
" member " insert " of the association ".
Omit paragraph 5.
Section 6(3).
SCHEDULE 2
REPEALS
PART I
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM
Chapter
1965 с. 51 .
Short title Extent of repeal
The National Insurance In section 71(1) (a ), the words
Act 1965."
( subject to any necessary
modifications) " .
In section 73(2) the words " and
other than a question as to
entitlement to a death grant ".
In section 75( 2), in paragraph
( a ), the words " the procedure
which is to be followed".
In section 76( 1) the words " in
like manner and from the"
words " as a corresponding "
onwards.
Section 77( 6 ) .
In section 81( 6 ), the words
" Part II of " .
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c. 58
1873
SCH . 2
Chapter
Short title
Extent of repeal
1965 с. 52.
The National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act
1965.
Sections 25(1)( b) and ( c), 27,
28 ( 1) and 30.
In section 31, subsection (1), in
subsection ( 2 )( b) the words
66
or any course which he is so
required to attend ", and sub-
section (3) .
Sections 32(1 ), 33(2), 34(1 ) and
( 2 ) and 35(1), ( 3) and ( 4).
In section 48( 5 ) the words
following paragraph ( c ).
In section 50, subsection (1) and
in subsection ( 2 ) paragraphs
( e ), ( g) and ( h ) and in para-
graph (a) the words " and the
form of any document re-
quired".
Sections 54, 64, 68, 70, 76 and
83 .
In section 84(2), paragraph (c )
and in paragraph ( d) the words
"
from " by payments on-
wards.
In section 85, subsections (2),
( 4 ) and (6 ), and in subsection
( 5 ) the words " other than
regulations to which sub-
section ( 4 ) of this section
applies".
In section 86 (1 ), in paragraph
( b ) of the definition of
" claimant " , the words " the
review of " , and the definition
of " day" .
Schedule 7.
1966 с. 6.
The National Insurance Sections 5( 4 ), 6( 3) and 8(1) (a).
Act 1966. In Schedule 2, paragraph 5.
1967 с. 34. The Industrial Injuries
and Diseases ( Old Cases) In section 13(1), paragraphs (a)
and( b).
Act 1967.
1973 с. 38. The Social Security Act In sections 2(7)(c) and 3(2)(c),
1973. the words " or ( 4) " .
Section 42( 4).
In section 48( 4) the words from
" the Joint Authority " to
" by ", the words " or Joint
Authority" and the words
" authority or " .
In section 49, in subsection ( 1 )
the words " 40 (2) to ( 4 ) ", and
subsections (6 )(c) , ( 7) and (8) .
In section 50( 2) the words " of
this Part of this Act " .
1874 c. 58
Social Security Amendment Act 1974
SCH. 2
Chapter
1973 с. 38-
cont .
Short title Extent of repeal
The Social Security Act In section 71( 1) the wordsfrom
-cont. " by reference " onwards.
Sections 88(3), 94 (8) and 95(5) .
In section 96( 6 ) the words " or
the Joint Authority ".
In section 97( 3) the words " ог
the Joint Authority " and the
words " by the Secretary of
State " (where they occur for
the second time).
In Schedule 7, in paragraph 6
the words " in paragraph 5" .
InSchedule 10 , in paragraph 6
the words from " paragraphs
4 " to " and in", and in
paragraph 8(2)( a) the words
" notwithstanding anything
in this Act" .
In Schedule 22 , Part III ( para-
graph 15 ).
In Schedule 25 , paragraph 4 ( c ),
in paragraph 7 the words " or
the Joint Authority ", para-
graph 9 and paragraph 15( 4).
PART II
ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
1958 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.) . The Statutory Rules Act Section 1( 2)(f ) and ( g) .
( Northern Ireland) 1958 .
1966 c. 6 (N.I.). The National Insurance
Act ( Northern Ireland )
1966.
In section 70(1) (a ) the words
" (subject to any necessary
modifications) " .
In section 72( 2) the words
" and other than a question
as to entitlement to a death
grant ".
In section 74( 2 ), in paragraph
( a ), the words " the procedure
which is to be followed ".
In section 75( 1) the words " in
"
like manner and the words
"
from as a corresponding "
onwards.
Section 76( 6 ) .
In section 80(6 ), the words
" Part II of " .
Social Security Amendment Act 1974 c.58
1966 с. 16
( Ν.Ι.) .
The Workmen's Compen-
sation ( Supplemen-
tation ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
The National Insurance
( No. 2 ) Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1966.
Sections 5( 4 ), 6(3) and 8(1)(a) .
In Schedule 2 paragraph 5.
1875
SCH. 2
Chapter Short title
1966c. 9( Ν.Ι. ). The National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966.
1966 с. 14
( Ν.Ι. ) .
Extent of repeal
Sections 25(1) ( b ) and ( c ) , 27 ,
28( 1) and 30.
In section 31, subsection (1) ,
in subsection ( 2 )( b) the words
"
or any course which he is
so required to attend ", and
subsection (3).
Sections 32(1), 33(2), 34(1) and
( 2 ) and 35(1), ( 3) and (4).
In section 47(5) the words
following paragraph (c ).
In section 49, subsection (1)
and , in subsection ( 2 ), in
paragraph (a) the words " and
the form of any document
required " and paragraphs (e),
( g ) and ( h).
Sections 53, 60, 64, 66, 75(2)
and 78.
In section 79( 2 ), paragraph (c )
and in paragraph (d ) the
words from " by payments "
onwards.
Section 80(3) .
In section 81(1), in paragraph
( b ) of the definition of
" claimant " the words " the
review of ", and the definition
of" day".
In section 9, paragraphs (a ) and
(b).
No. 1 1877
Synodical Government
( Amendment) Measure 1974
1974 No. 1
A MEASURE passed by the General Synod of the
Church of England to make provision for the
amendment of the Constitutions of the Convocations
of Canterbury and York; to amend Article 8 of the
Constitution of the General Synod of the Church of
England; and to make further provision with respect
to the manner of voting in the General Synod.
[9th July 1974]
1.- (1) It shall be lawful for the General Synod to make a Provision for
Canon amending the Constitutions of the Upper Houses of the amendment of
Convocations of Canterbury and York for the purpose of Constitutions
ofthe
enabling suffragan bishops to be members of those Houses and, Convocations.
accordingly, of the House of Bishops of the General Synod; and
the Canon shall make provision with respect to the number of
such bishops who are to be elected to the Upper House of each
Convocation and with respect to the method of their election.
(2) Where the General Synod makes a Canon for the purpose
mentioned in subsection ( 1) of this section, it shall also amend the
Canons relating to the representation of the clergy in the Lower
Houses of the said Convocations for the purpose of excluding
from the persons qualified or entitled to be members of the Lower
House of each Convocation, and from the persons entitled to elect
or choose a member or members of such House, the persons who
byvirtue of the first-mentioned Canon are qualified to be members
of the Upper House of that Convocation.
2.- (1 ) In Article 8(1) of the Constitution of the General Amendment of
Synod of the Church of England set out in Schedule 2 to the Article 8 of
Synodical Government Measure 1969, which Article lays down Constitution
ofGeneral
certain requirements for the final approval by the General Synod Synod in its
of a scheme for a constitutional union or a permanent and application
substantial change of relationship between the Church of England to schemes .
and another Christian body, after the word " body " there shall 1969 No. 2.
be inserted the words " being a body a substantial number of
whose members reside in Great Britain " .
1878 No. 1 Synodical Government (Amendment) Measure 1974
1971 No. 1 .
Manner of
voting on
a division.
Citation.
( 2 ) After paragraph (1) of the said Article 8 there shall be
inserted the following paragraph :-
" (1A ) If the Archbishops consider that this Article
should apply to a scheme which affects the Church of
England and another Christian body but does not fall
within paragraph (1) of this Article, they may direct that
this Article shall apply to that scheme, and where such a
direction is given this Article shall apply accordingly. "
( 3) The paragraph inserted in Article 8 by Section 1(1) of the
Synodical Government (Special Majorities) Measure 1971 and
numbered ( 1A) shall be re-numbered (1B) .
3. At the end of Article 5 of the said Constitution, which
provides for the manner of voting in the Synod, there shall be
inserted the following paragraph : -
" ( 4 ) Where a vote is to be taken on a division by Houses,
it may be taken either by an actual division or in such other
manner as Standing Orders may provide. "
4. This Measure may be cited as the Synodical Government
( Amendment) Measure 1974, and the Synodical Government
Measure 1969, the Synodical Government (Special Majorities)
Measure 1971 and this Measure may be cited together as the
Synodical Government Measures 1969 to 1974.
No. 2 1879
Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction
( Amendment) Measure 1974
1974 No. 2
A MEASURE passed by The General Synod of the
Church of England to amend the Ecclesiastical Juris-
diction Measure 1963 . [ 9th July 1974 ]
1. For sections 55 and 56 of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Deprivation
Measure 1963 there shall be substituted the following sections: ofpriest, etc. ,
"Depriva-
tionof
55.-( 1 ) Where a priest or deacon- certain
following
proceedings
priest or
( a ) is convicted of an offence and a sentence of in secular
deacon
imprisonment ( whether suspended or not) courts.
following certain
is passed on him ; or 1963 No. 1 .
proceedings insecular
( b) has a decree of divorce or judicial separa-
courts .
tion granted against him and the court
granting the decree held that the fact on
which his wife was entitled to rely was that
mentioned in paragraph (a) (adultery),
paragraph (b) ( behaviour in such a way
that the petitioner cannot reasonably be
expected to live with the respondent ) or
paragraph (c) ( desertion) of section 1(2) of
the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 and, in 1973 c. 18.
the case of divorce, the decree has been
made absolute ; or
( c ) is found to have committed adultery in a
matrimonial cause ; or
( d ) has an affiliation order made against him ;
or
( e ) has a matrimonial order made against him
under section 2 of the Matrimonial Pro- 1960 с. 48.
ceedings (Magistrates' Courts) Act 1960 ;
or
( f ) has an order under section 27 of the Matri-
monial Causes Act 1973 (wilful neglect
by party to marriage to maintain other
party or child of the family ) made against
him,
he shall be liable without further trial to deprivation
and disqualification, that is to say, deprivation as
from the date on which the sentence, decree, finding
or order becomes conclusive of any preferment then
1880 No.2 EcclesiasticalJurisdiction ( Amendment) Measure 1974
held by him and, whether or not he then holds pre-
ferment but subject to section 49( 5) of this Measure,
disqualified from holding preferment.
( 2) Where a priest or deacon is liable to depriva-
tion and disqualification by virtue of subsection ( 1)
of this section, then, within twenty-eight days after
the date on which the sentence, decree, finding or
order, as the case may be, becomes conclusive, the
bishop of the relevant diocese shall refer the case to
the archbishop of the relevant province with his
own recommendation as to the action to be taken
and send him a copy of any representations which
the priest or deacon may have made to him in
writing .
(3) The archbishop to whom a case is referred
under subsection ( 2) of this section shall, within two
months after the date mentioned in that subsection,
make a declaration of deprivation and disqualifica-
tion in relation to the priest or deacon concerned
unless on consideration of all the circumstances, in-
cluding the recommendation of the bishop of the
relevant diocese and any representations a copy of
which has been sent to him under that subsection,
he determines that no such declaration shall be
made.
Where the archbishop so determines he shall in-
form the priest or deacon concerned and the bishop
of the relevant diocese.
( 4 ) Where a declaration is to be made under this
section, it shall be made by the archbishop or, if
the archbishop so directs, by the bishop of the
relevant diocese as his commissary, and before
making it the archbishop or bishop shall require the
registrar of his province or the registrar of his
diocese, as the case may be, to give (if it is practic-
able to do so) not less than fourteen days' notice
in writing to the priest or deacon concerned of the
time and place at which the declaration will be
made, and if the priest or deacon appears at that
time and place he shall be entitled to be present
when the declaration is made.
( 5) When making a declaration under this section
the archbishop or bishop shall be attended by the
registrar of his province or the registrar of his
diocese, as the case may be.
EcclesiasticalJurisdiction ( Amendment )Measure 1974 No.2 1881
The declaration shall be reduced to writing and
a copy thereof shall be filed in the registry of the
relevant diocese.
( 6 ) The functions exercisable under this section by
an archbishop shall, during the absence abroad or
incapacity through illness of the archbishop or a
vacancy in the see, be exercised by the other arch-
bishop.
( 7) In this section-
" affiliation order " means an order under sec-
tion 44 of the National Assistance Act 1948 с. 29.
1948, section 26 of the Children Act 1948 c. 43.
1948, section 4 of the Affiliation Proceed- 1957 c. 55.
ings Act 1957 or section 24 of the Ministry 1966 c. 20.
of Social Security Act 1966 ;
" relevant diocese " means-
(a ) the diocese in which the priest or
deacon, in relation to whom a declara-
tion may be made under this section,
holds preferment at the date on which
the sentence, decree, finding or order
which justifies the making of the
declaration becomes conclusive ; or
(b) if at that date he is not holding prefer-
ment, but is residing, in a diocese, the
diocese in which he is residing at that
date; or
( c ) if at that date he neither holds prefer-
ment nor resides in a diocese, the
diocese in which he last held prefer-
ment before that date ;
" suspended sentence " means a sentence to
which an order under section 39(1) of the
Criminal Justice Act 1967 relates. 1967 с. 80.
56.-( 1) If a bishop or archbishop is convicted of Deprivation
an offence and such a sentence as is mentioned in ofbishop or archbishop
paragraph ( a ) of section 55(1 ) of this Measure is following
passed on him or such a decree, finding or order as certain
is mentioned in that subsection is granted or made proceedings
against a bishop or archbishop, the bishop or arch- in secular
bishop shall be liable to deprivation and disqualifica- courts.
tion within the meaning of that section, and, within
two months after the sentence, decree, finding or
order, as the case may be, becomes conclusive, a
1882 No.2 EcclesiasticalJurisdiction ( Amendment)Measure 1974
declaration of deprivation and disqualification shall
be made in relation to the bishop or archbishop-
(a ) in the case of a bishop, by the archbishop
of the relevant province ; and
( b ) in the case of an archbishop, by the arch-
bishop of the other province,
unless on consideration of all the circumstances, in-
cluding any representations which the bishop or
archbishop may have made to him in writing, the
archbishop determines that no such declaration shall
be made.
Where the archbishop so determines he shall in-
form the bishop or archbishop concerned.
(2) Before making a declaration under this section
the archbishop shall require the registrar of his
province to give ( if it is practicable to do so ) not
less than fourteen days' notice in writing to the
bishop or archbishop concerned of the time and
place at which the declaration will be made, and
if the bishop or archbishop appears at that time
and place he shall be entitled to be present when
the declaration is made.
(3) When making a declaration under this section
the archbishop shall be attended by the registrar of
hisprovince.
The declaration shall be reduced to writing and a
copy thereof shall be filed in the registry of that
province .
( 4) The functions exercisable under this section by
the archbishop of the relevant province shall, during
the absence abroad or incapacity through illness of
the archbishop or a vacancy in the see, be exercisable
by the other archbishop.
( 5 ) In this section " bishop " means any diocesan
bishop, any suffragan bishop commissioned by a
diocesan bishop and any other bishop."
Minor
2.- (1) At the end of section 57 of the said Measure of 1963
amendments, (consequences of declarations under sections 55 and 56 ) there
repeal and
transitional
shall be inserted the following paragraph: -
provisions.
" Section 49( 5 ) of this Measure shall have effect for the
purposes of section 55 of this Measure with the substitu-
tion, for the reference to the bishop of the diocese in which
the proceedings were instituted, of a reference to the bishop
of the relevant diocese within the meaning of the said
section 55."
EcclesiasticalJurisdiction ( Amendment )Measure 1974 No.2 1883
( 2) Section 79 of the said Measure of 1963 (provisions as to
date on which conviction, etc. becomes conclusive and as to
conclusiveness of certificate of conviction, etc. ) shall be amended
as follows : -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " order or finding ",
wherever occurring, there shall be substituted the words
" sentence, decree, finding or order " ;
(b) in subsection ( 1)(c) , after the word " conviction ",
wherever occurring, there shall be inserted the word
" decree " ; and
( c ) in subsections (2 ) and ( 3), for the words " order or
finding " , wherever occurring, there shall be sub-
stituted the words " decree, finding or order ".
( 3) Schedule 3 to the said Measure of 1963 ( deprivation con-
sequent upon the making of certain orders) is hereby repealed.
( 4) Subject to the following subsection, sections 55 and 56
of the said Measure of 1963 shall, in their application to a
person against whom a decree of divorce or judicial separation
was granted, or an order made under section 6 of the Matri- 1970 c. 45.
monial Proceedings and Property Act 1970, before the coming
into force of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, have effect 1973 c. 18.
as if for the reference in subsection (1) of the said section 55
to section 1( 2) of the said Act of 1973 and to section 27 thereof
there were substituted a reference to section 2( 1) of the Divorce 1969 c. 55.
Reform Act 1969 and to the said section 6 respectively.
( 5 ) Where immediately before the commencement of this
Measure anyperson was liable to have adeclaration ofdepriva-
tion and disqualification made against him under section 55 or
56 of the said Measure of 1963, then, notwithstanding any
amendment or repeal made by this Measure, the said Measure
of 1963 and any rules made for the purposes of that Measure
shall continue to have effect in relation to that person as they
had effect immediately before the said commencement.
3.- (1 ) This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Citation
Jurisdiction (Amendment) Measure 1974, and the Ecclesiastical and extent.
Jurisdiction Measure 1963 and this Measure may be cited 1963 No. 1.
together as the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Measures 1963 and
1974.
( 2) This Measure shall extend to the provinces of Canterbury
and York, except the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man but
may by Act of Tynwald be extended to the Isle of Man, with
such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be
specified in that or any subsequent Act.
No. 3 1885
Church of England ( Worship
and Doctrine) Measure
1974 No. 3
A MEASURE passed by the General Synod of the
Church of England to enable provision to be made
by Canon with respect to worship in the Church of
England and other matters prescribed by the Book of
Common Prayer, and with respect to the obligations
and forms of assent or subscription to the doctrine
of the Church of England; to repeal enactments
relating to the matters aforesaid; and for purposes
connected therewith . [ 12th December 1974]
1.- (1) It shall be lawful for the General Synod-
Provision by
Canon for
( a ) to make provision by Canon with respect to worship worship in
in the Church of England, including provision for em- the Church
powering the General Synod to approve, amend, con- of England.
tinue or discontinue forms of service ;
( b) to make provision by Canon or regulations made there-
under for any matter, except the publication of banns
of matrimony, to which any of the rubrics contained
in the Book of Common Prayer relate ;
but the powers of the General Synod under this subsection shall
be so exercised as to ensure that the forms of service contained
in the Book of Common Prayer continue to be available for
use in the Church of England .
( 2) Any Canon making any such provision as is mentioned
in subsection ( 1) of this section, and any regulations made under
any such Canon, shall have effect notwithstanding anything
inconsistent therewith contained in any of the rubrics in the Book
of Common Prayer.
( 3) The General Synod shall provide by Canon-
( a ) that decisions as to which of the forms of service autho-
rised by or approved under Canon are to be used in
1886 No. 3
Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine)
Measure
any church in a parish or in any guild church shall
be taken jointly by the incumbent and the parochial
church council or, as the case may be, by the vicar
of the guild church and the guild church council ; and
( b) that in case of disagreement and so long as the dis-
agreement continues, the forms of service to be used
in that church shall be those contained in the Book of
Common Prayer unless other forms of service so
approved were in regular use therein during at least
two of the four years immediately preceding the date
when the disagreement arose and the said council
resolves that those other forms of service shall be
used either to the exclusion of, or in addition to, the
forms of service contained in the said Book.
This subsection shall not apply in relation to a cathedral which
is a parish church nor to any part of a cathedral which is a
parish church.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) of this section shall not apply in relation to
any of the services known as occasional offices, but, in the case
of those services, other than the Order of Confirmation, the
General Synod shall provide by Canon that where more than
one form of service is authorised by or approved under Canon
for use on any occasion, the decision as to which form of service
is to be used shall be made by the minister who is to conduct
the service, but that if any of the persons concerned objects
beforehand to the use of the service selected by the minister
and he and the minister cannot agree as to which form is to
be used, the matter shall be referred to the bishop of the diocese
for his decision.
( 5 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of
this section, the General Synod may make provision by
Canon-
( a) for empowering the Convocations, the archbishops and
the bishops of dioceses to approve forms of service for
use on occasions for which no provision is made by
forms of service contained in the Book of Common
Prayer or approved by the General Synod or the Con-
vocations under Canon ;
( b ) for empowering any minister to make and use minor
variations in the forms of service contained in the said
Book or approved by the General Synod, Convocation,
archbishops or bishop under Canon and to use forms
of service considered suitable by him on occasions for
which no provision is made by any such form of
service.
( 6) The General Synod may provide by Canon that where a
form of service is in course of preparation with a view to its
Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine ) No. 3 1887
Measure
submission to the General Synod for approval by the Synod
under Canon, the archbishops may authorise that service in
draft form to be conducted by a minister in the presence of a
congregation consisting of such persons only as the archbishops
may designate.
( 7 ) In the prayers for or referring to the Sovereign or other
members of the Royal Family contained in any form of service
authorised for use in the Church of England, the names may be
altered, and any other necessary alterations made, from time
to time as the circumstances require by Royal Warrant, and
those prayers as so altered shall be used thereafter.
2.- (1 ) It shall be lawful for the General Synod to make Assent or
provision by Canon with respect to the obligations of the clergy, subscription
deaconesses and lay officers of the Church of England to assent to doctrine.,
or subscribe to the doctrine of that Church and the forms of
that assent or subscription which may include an explanatory
preface .
( 2 ) In this section " lay officers " means licensed lay workers,
readers, lay judges of consistory or provincial courts, and lay
holders of other offices admission to which is for the time being
regulated by Canon.
3. No Canon making any such provision as is mentioned in Majorities
section 1 ( 1) or 2(1) of this Measure shall be submitted for Her required for
final approval
Majesty's Licence andAssent unless it has been finally approved of Canons
by the General Synod with a majority in each House thereof under section
of not less than two -thirds of those present and voting ; and no 1 or 2 and
regulation under any Canon made under the said section 1( 1) things done
nor any approval, amendment, continuance or discontinuance of thereunder.
aform of service by the General Synod under any such Canon
shall have effect unless the regulation, the form of service or
the amendment, continuance or discontinuance of a form of
service, as the case may be, has been finally approved by the
General Synod with such a majority as aforesaid in each House
thereof .
4.- (1 ) Every Canon or regulation making any such provision Safeguarding
as is mentioned in section 1( 1) of this Measure, every form of of doctrine.
service or amendment thereof approved by the General Synod
under any such Canon and every Canon making any such provi-
sion as is mentioned in section 2(1 ) of this Measure shall be such
as in the opinion of the General Synod is neither contrary to,
nor indicative of any departure from, the doctrine of the Church
of England in any essential matter.
( 2) The final approval by the General Synod of any such
Canon or regulation or form of service or amendment thereof
shall conclusively determine that the Synod is of such opinion
as aforesaid with respect to the matter so approved.
1888 Interpretation.
1662 с. 4.
No. 3
Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine )
Measure
( 3) Where provision is made by Canonby virtue of section 1 (5)
of this Measure, the Canon shall provide for requiring the forms
of service and variations approved, made or used thereunder
to be neither contrary to, nor indicative of any departure from,
the doctrine of the Church of England in any essential matter.
5.-( 1 ) References in this Measure to the doctrine of the
Church of England shall be construed in accordance with the
statement concerning that doctrine contained in the Canons
of the Church of England, which statement is in the following
terms: " The doctrine of the Church of England is grounded
in the holy Scriptures, and in such teachings of the ancient
Fathers and Councils of the Church as are agreeable to the
said Scriptures. In particular such doctrine is to be found
in the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, the Book of Common
Prayer, and the Ordinal. ".
( 2) In this Measure the following expressions have the mean-
ings hereby assigned to them : -
" the appointed day " means the day appointed under
section 7(2) of this Measure ;
" Book of Common Prayer "
means the Book annexed to
the Act of Uniformity 1662 and entitled " The Book
of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacra-
ments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church
according to the use of the Church of England together
with the Psalter or Psalms of David appointed as they
are to be sung or said in Churches and the Form and
Manner of Making, Ordaining and Consecrating
Bishops, Priests and Deacons ", as altered or amended
by any Act or Measure or in accordance with section
1( 7) of this Measure ;
" church " includes any building or part of a building
licensed by the bishop for public worship according to
the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England ;
" form of service " means any order, service, prayer, rite
or ceremony whatsoever, including the services for the
ordination of priests and deacons and the consecration
of bishops and the catechism or form of instruction
before confirmation ;
" guild church "
means a church in the City of London
designated and established as a guild church under
the City of London ( Guild Churches) Acts 1952 and
1960 ;
" incumbent " includes
( a ) a curate licensed to the charge of a parish or a
minister acting as priest -in- charge of a parish in
Church ofEngland ( Worship and Doctrine ) Measure
No. 3 1889
respect of which rights of presentation are sus-
pended ; and
( b) a vicar in a team ministry to the extent that
the duties of an incumbent are assigned to him by
a scheme under the Pastoral Measure 1968 or his 1968 No. 1.
licence from the bishop ;
" rubrics " of the Book of Common Prayer include all
directions and instructions contained in the said Book,
and all tables, prefaces , rules, calendars and other
contents thereof.
6.- (1) Section 3 of the Submission of the Clergy Act 1533 Amendments.
( which provides that no Canons shall be contrary to the Royal repeals,
transitional
Prerogative or the customs, laws or statutes of this realm ) provisions
shall not apply to any rule of ecclesiastical law relating to any and savings .
matter for which provision may be made by Canon in pursuance 1533 c. 19.
of this Measure.
( 2 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Measure
shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that
Schedule, being amendments consequential upon the preceding
provisions of this Measure.
( 3) The Acts and Measures specified in Schedule 2 to this
Measure are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3
thereof .
( 4 ) Schedule 3 to this Measure, which contains transitional
provisions and savings, shall have effect, but nothing in the
said Schedule shall be taken as prejudicing section 38 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 as applied by the Interpretation Measure 1889 c. 63.
1925. 1925 No. 1 .
7.-( 1 ) This Measure may be cited as the Church of England Short title,
( Worship and Doctrine) Measure 1974. commence-
ment and
(2) This Measure shall come into force on such day as the extent.
Archbishops of Canterbury and York may jointly appoint :
Provided that the powers to make Canons in pursuance of
this Measure shall be exercisable before the appointed day, but
no such Canon shall come into operation before the appointed
day .
( 3) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the provinces
of Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands, but may
be applied to the Channel Islands as defined in the Channel
Islands (Church Legislation) Measures 1931 and 1957 or either
ofthem in accordance with those Measures.
:
1890 No. 3 Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine )
Measure
Section 6.
SCHEDULES
1865 с. 122.
1968 No. 2.
1969 No. 2.
SCHEDULE 1
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
1. In section 9 of the Clerical Subscription Act 1865 (no declara-
tions or oaths other than those required by that Act to be required
of any person on ordination , etc. ), at the end thereof there shall
be added the words " or by Canon of the General Synod ".
2. In section 5 of the Prayer Book ( Further Provisions) Measure
1968 (amendment of burial service for use in certain cases ) for the
words " approved under the Prayer Book ( Alternative and other
Services ) Measure 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " autho-
rised by Canon of the General Synod or approved thereunder ",
and the proviso shall be omitted .
3. InArticle 8 of Schedule 2 to the Synodical Government Measure
1969 (requirements for final approval by General Synod of Measure
providing for permanent changes in certain services ), after the word
"Measure ", wherever it occurs, there shall be inserted the words
orCanon ".66
Section6.
SCHEDULE 2
ACTS AND MEASURES REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
2 &3 Edw. 6.
The Act of Uniformity
c . 1.
1548. 1 Eliz. 1. c. 2. The Act of Uniformity
1558.
14Cha. 2. c. 4. The Act of Uniformity
1662. The whole Act , so far as
unrepealed.
The whole Act, so far as
unrepealed .
The whole Act except sections
10 and 15.
In section 10, the words " nor
shall presume to consecrate
and administer the holy sacra-
ment of the Lords Supper ".
28 & 29 Vict. The Clerical Subscription Section 1.
c . 122. Act 1865. In section 4, the words " make
and subscribe the declaration
of assent, and".
In section 5, the words " the
declaration of assent, and ".
Sections 7 and 8.
In section 10, the words from
the beginning to " aforesaid;
and ".
34 & 35 Vict. The Universities Tests Act In section 6, the words from
c. 26. 1871. " notwithstanding " to " this
Act" and the words
on
week days only " .
The wholeAct.
35 & 36 Vict.
с. 35.
15& 16Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2.
c. xxxviii.
The Act of Uniformity
Amendment Act 1872.
The City of London
( Guild Churches) Act
1952 .
In section 8, in subsection ( 4 ),
the words " the declaration
ofassent set forth in section 1
of the Clerical Subscription
Act 1865 and " and subsection
( 5 ).
Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine ) No. 3 1891
Measure
SCH. 2
Chapter
15 &16Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2.
c. xxxviii.-
contd .
1963 No. 1.
1964 No. 4. 1964 No. 6.
1964 No. 7.
1965 No. 1 .
1965 No. 3 .
1968 No. 1 . 1968 No. 2. 1969 с. 52.
1969 No. 2.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The City of London | In section 14 (1), paragraph ( b)
( Guild Churches) Act and the word " and " immedi-
1952. -contd . ately preceding it .
The Ecclesiastical Juris-
diction Measure 1963. In section 2( 5), the words from
" and ( b) " to " Schedule "
and the words from " and the
making " onwards .
In section 3( 6 ) and ( 7 ), the
words from " and ( b ) "
on-
wards and, in section 3( 8), the
words " or making " and " or
declaration ".
In section 4( 2), the words from
66 and, if " to " declarations ",
where next occurring, the
word" made " and the words
" and declarations " .
In section 27( 2), the words
from " and, if " to "declara-
tion".
In Schedule 1 , Part II .
The whole Measure.
The Holy Table Measure
1964 .
The Clergy (Ordination
and Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Measure 1964.
The Vestures of Ministers
Sections 3 to6.
In section 12 , the words " in
subsection (2) of section four " .
The whole Measure.
Measure 1964.
The Prayer Book ( Alterna- The whole Measure.
tive and other Services)
Measure 1965.
The Prayer Book (Mis- The whole Measure.
cellaneous
Provisions)
Measure 1965.
The Pastoral Measure
Sections 74 and 75(2).
1968.
The Prayer Book (Further
Provisions) Measure
Sections 1 to 4.
In section 5, the proviso.
1968.
The Statute Law(Repeals)
Act 1969 .
Section 4(3).
The Synodical Govern-
ment Measure 1969.
In section 3, subsections (1 ),
( 2 ), (3) and (5).
SCHEDULE 3
Section 6.
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS AND SAVINGS
1. The repeal by this Measure of any provision of the Prayer 1965 No. 1 .
Book ( Alternative and Other Services ) Measure 1965, the Prayer 1965 No. 3.
Book ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure 1965 or the Prayer Book 1968 No. 2.
( Further Provisions) Measure 1968 shall not affect the validity of
any approval, direction, consent, agreement or authorisation given,
regulation made, or other thing done, under that provision before
1892 SCH. 3
1872 с. 35.
No. 3
Church ofEngland (Worship and Doctrine )
Measure
the appointed day, and any such approval, direction, consent ,
agreement, authorisation, regulation or other thing shall, if in force
immediately before the appointed day, have effect as if it had been
given , made or done under Canon.
2. Without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any business
of the General Synod in the exercise of their functions under any
provision of any of the Measures mentioned in that paragraph, being
business which was pending immediately before the appointed day,
shall not abate by reason of the repeal of that provision but may
be resumed by the General Synod in the exercise of their functions
under any Canon corresponding ( whether with or without modifica-
tion ) to that provision at the stage at which the business had reached
immediately before the appointed day.
3. The shortened forms of service specified in the Schedule to
the Act of Uniformity Amendment Act 1872 may be included in
the services authorised by Canon notwithstanding the repeal of that
Act by this Measure.
4. The repeal by this Measure of any provision of an Act or
Measure shall not affect the validity of any Canon made under or
by virtue of that provision, and no amendment or revocation of any
of the rubrics contained in the Book of Common Prayer effected by
any such provision shall be affected by the repeal of that provision by
this Measure.
TABLE V
Tables of the Derivations and Destinations of the
Consolidation Acts of 1974.
These Tables have no official status. They are intended only as a
help in tracing the derivations of the Consolidation Acts and the
destinations of the enactments consolidated.
CONTENTS
Page
ii
Friendly Societies Act (c. 46 )
... ... ... ...
Insurance Companies Act ( c. 49 )
... ... ... ... XXX
Juries Act (c. 23 )... ... ... ... ... ... xliv
Legal Aid Act ( c. 4 )... ... ... li
... ...
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3)... ... ... ... lxiii
Solicitors Act ( c. 47 )... ... ... ... ... lxxiv
Part II 2G
ii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1974 (с. 46 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: -The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1896= The Friendly Societies Act 1896
( 59 & 60 Vict. c. 25)
1898=
The Societies' Borrowing Powers Act 1898
( 61 & 62 Vict. c. 15 )
1908= The Friendly Societies Act 1908
( 8 Edw. 7. c. 32 )
1915=
The War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act 1915
(5 & 6 Geo. 5. с. 93)
1924=
The Friendly Societies Act 1924
( 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 11)
1929=
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1929
( 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 28)
1940= The Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1940
( 3 & 4 Geo . 6. c. 19)
1948= The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948
(11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 39)
1955= The Friendly Societies Act 1955
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 19)
1958= The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948
( Amendment ) Act 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 27 )
1965 - The Administration of Estates (Small Payments) Act 1965
( 1965 с. 32 )
1966= The Finance Act 1966
( 1966 с. 18)
1967
= The Criminal Justice Act 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
1968
=
The Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968
( 1968 с. 55 )
1969 с. 19= The Decimal Currency Act 1969
( 1969 с. 19 )
1969 с. 39/46
=
In relation to Scotland, the Age of Majority (Scotland ) Act
1969 and, in relation to England and Wales, the Family Law
Reform Act 1969
( 1969 c. 39 and 1969 c. 46 )
1971 с. 58
=
The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1971
( 1971 с. 58)
1971
=
The Friendly Societies Act 1971
( 1971 с. 66 )
S.I. 1948/2578
=
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948 (Isle
of Man) Order 1948 (Rev. VIII p. 927)
S.I. 1949/598=
The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948
( Northern Ireland ) Order 1949 (1949 I p. 2343)
S.I. 1968/1656
=
The Minister for the Civil Service Order 1968 (1968 III p.4485)
S.I. 1970/1537
=
The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Order 1970
(1970 III p. 5293)
S.I. 1972/890
=
The Registration of Births , Deaths and Marriages ( Fees) (Scot-
land ) Order 1972 ( 1972 II p. 2827)
S.I. 1972/911
=
The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Fees) Order
1972 ( 1972 II p. 2864 )
S.I. 1973/1432
The Occupational Pension Schemes (Friendly Societies)
Regulations 1973 ( 1973 II p. 4380)
S.I. 1973/1868
=
The Friendly Societies (Limits of Benefits) Order 1973
R( followed by =
The recommendation set out in the paragraph of that number
a number)
in the Appendix to the Report of the Law Commission and
Scottish Law Commission (Cmnd. 5634)
Tables of Derivations and Destinations FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
iii
Section of
1974 Act Derivation
1(1)( 2 ) ( 3) ( 4 ) 2(1 ) -(3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 1896 s. 1(1) .
1896 s . 1(2) .
1896 s . 1 (5) ; S.I. 1968/1656.
1896 s. 1(4) ; 1924 s. 1.
1896 s . 1(3).
1896 s. 3(1).
3 1896 s . 5; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 2.
4 (1 )( 2 ) ( 3) 1896 ss. 103, 104.
1896 s. 3( 2) .
5 1896 s . 4(2), (3 ) .
6 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 7 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) පුංගම්ම
( 4 ) 8( 1)( 2 ) ( 3 ) 92 9 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 10 11( 1 )
( 2 ) 12 ( 1 )
( 2 )
13
14
15
16
17
18 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 19 20 21 22 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
23 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1896 s. 6.
1896 s . 2( 2 ).
1896 s. 8; 1955 ss. 3(1 ), 4(1 ) .
1896 ss . 9( 1 ), (3), 14( 1 ).
1966 Sch. 8 para. 5(2 ).
1896 s . 8 proviso.
1896 s. 9(2).
1896 s . 10; 1971 Sch . 2 para. 4.
1896 s. 15 .
1896 s . 16; 1968 Sch. 1 para. 3 .
1968 s . 16(1) .
1896 s. 14(2 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 6.
1896 ss. 17(1), 24(1 ) ; 24( 1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 7.
1896 s. 17( 2).
1896 ss. 18(1 ), 24(1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 8 .
1896 s . 18(2) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 8.
1896 s. 20.
1896 s. 21.
1896 ss. 11 ( 1) ; 19(a) , (d) .
1896 ss. 12, 19(b) .
1896 ss . 11(2 ), 19(a), (d ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 5.
1896 ss . 13(1 ), 19(c) .
1896 s . 24(1 ) - (3) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 9.
1896 ss. 13(2), 19(a) , (c) .
1896 ss . 12, 13(3), 19(b) .
1896 s. 38 ; 1955 s. 8, 1969 c. 19 s. 10 (1) .
1896 s. 31(1) .
1896 s. 31 (2) .
1896 ss. 31(3), 102; 1971 с. 58 Sch. 1 para. 1 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 34.
1968 ss . 17(4), 21 (4)(a) .
1898 ss. 1 , 2.
1898 s. 2.
iv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
Section of
1974 Act
Derivation
24 1896 s. 25.
25 26 27 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
28( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) 29 ( 1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 30 (1) - (3) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 )
( 8 )
31 ( 1 ) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
32 (1 ) - (3)
( 4 )
33
34 (1) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
35
36
37 (1) ( 2 ) -( 4 ) 38(1) - (4)
( 5 ) 39
40
41 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 42 (1) - (3) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1896 s. 36(2); 1969 с. 39/46 Sch. 1 .
1896 ss . 9( 4), 19( d) .
1896 s. 54.
1896 ss. 54, 98(4) .
1896 s. 54; 1971 Sch. 2 paга. 39 .
1896 s . 55( 1) .
1896 s. 55( 2); 1971 Sch. 2 para. 13 .
1896 ss . 55(2), 102; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 13.
1968 ss. 1(1) , 21 (1 ), (4).
1968 s. 1(2 ).
1968 ss. 2( 1 ), 21 (1), (4) .
1968 ss . 2(2), 21 (1 ), (4).
1968 ss. 3(1)- (3), 21(4) .
1968 ss . 3(4) , 21(4).
1968 ss . 3(5), ( 6), 21 (4) .
1968 ss . 3(7) , 21 (4) ; 1971 s. 11(5).
1968 ss . 4(1 )- (4), 21 (1 ), ( 4) .
1968 ss . 4(8), 19(1 ) .
1968 ss . 4(5)-(7) , 21 (1 ) , (4) .
1968 ss . 18, 21(1 ), (4) .
1968 ss . 5, 21(1 ), (4).
1968 ss. 6 (1 )- (4), 21 (1 ), (4).
1968 ss . 6(10), 21 (1 ), (4) .
1968 ss . 6(5)-(10), 21 (1), ( 4).
1968 ss . 7, 21 (1 ), (4) ; S.I. 1970/1537.
1968 ss. 8(1), 21 (1 ), (4) .
1968 ss . 8 (3)-(5), 21 (1 ), ( 4) .
1968 ss. 9(1 )-(4), 21 (1 ), (4).
1968 s. 9(6 ) .
1968 ss . 9(5) , (7 ) , 21 ( 1 ), (4) .
1968 ss . 10, 21 (1) , (4) .
1896 ss. 28(1), 98(3) ; 1968 s. 16(1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 30(2).
1896 s . 30 ( 1) ; 1968 s. 16(1 ), Sch. 1 para. 2.
1896 s . 28(2).
1896 s. 28( 4), 1955 s. 4(2 ).
1896 s . 28(5) .
1968 ss . 16(3), 21 (1 ), (4).
1968 ss. 16 (4), 21 (1 ), (4) .
1968 ss. 16(5), 21 ( 1 ), (4) .
1968 s. 16 (6).
1968 s. 19 (1) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations V
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
Section of
1974 Act Derivation
43 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
1896 s. 27(1) ; 1968 s. 11(1) .
1896 s . 27(4) .
1896 s. 27(2) ; 1968 ss. 11 ( 1), (2), 21 ( 1 ) , (4) .
1896 s. 27( 3); 1968 s. 11 ( 4).
1968 ss. 11 (6 ) , 21 (1 ), (4) .
1896 s. 98(3) ; 1968 s . 11(3).
44 ( 1 )
( 2 ) 1896 s. 39; 1968 Sch. 1 parа. 4.
1968 ss . 11 (5) , 21(1 ), (4).
45
46 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
1896 s. 29; 1968 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
1896 s. 44(1 ) ; 1908 s. 4; Post Office Act 1969 ( c. 48) Sch. 6 Pt. III .
1896 s. 44( 2).
1948 s. 19(5).
47(1) -( 3) ( 4 ) 1940 ss . 8, 10.
1940 s. 9.
48 1896 s. 45; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 36.
49 50 (1 ) - (3) ( 4 )( 5 ) 51( 1 ) ( 2 ) - (4 )
1896 s. 46; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 37.
1955 s . 1 (1 ) - (3 ) .
1955 s . 1 (5), (6).
1896 s . 44(1) ; 1955 s . 2(1 ) .
1955 s . 2( 2) -(4).
52 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1896 s. 37.
1896 s . 22( 1 ) , (3 ) .
53 1896 s . 47; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 38.
54 1896 s. 49 .
55 1915 s. 8.
56 1896 s. 51 .
57 1896 ss . 53, 98( 4); 1971 Sch . 2 para. 12.
58 1896 s . 50; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 11 .
59(1)( 2) 1896 s. 35(1).
( 3 ) 1896 s . 35( 2) .
( 4 ) 1896 s . 35(3) ; 1971 Sch. 2 рага. 35.
60
1896 s. 36; 1908 s . 2(1); 1969 c. 39/46 Sch. 1 Pt. I.
61
1896 s. 23 .
62 1896 s. 40.
63
1896 s. 42.
64 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
1966 Sch . 8 para. 5(1 ) ; S.I. 1973/1868 .
1966 Sch. 8 para. 5( 4); 1969 c. 19 s. 7(1) ; 1970 Sch. 15 para. 3(3) ;
S.I. 1973/1432.
1966 Sch. 8 para. 5(3) .
vi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
Section of
1974Act Derivation
64 ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 )
( 8 )
65 ( 1 )
65 ( 2 )
66 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 ) ( 8 ) 67 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
68 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
69
70
71( 1) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 ) ( 7 ) 72 (1)( 2) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 73( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1966 Sch. 8 para. 6(1), ( 3) .
1966 s . Sch. 8 para. 6( 2) .
1896 s. 41( 2 ) .
1966 Sch . 8 para. 5(1).
1966 s . 29(9), Sch. 8 para. 5(5) ; 1970 Sch. 15 para. 3( 2).
1971 s . 10 ( 3).
1971 s. 10 ( 4) .
1896 s . 56( 1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 рага. 14.
1896 s. 56(1) ; 1965 s. 2(1 ), Sch. 2; 1969 c. 19 s. 7( 3); 1971 Sch. 2
para. 14.
1896 s . 56 (2) .
1896 s. 56( 1 ) ; 1955 s . 4(2).
1896 s . 56(3) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 14.
1896 s . 56(4) .
1896 s . 56(5) .
1896 s . 56(6 ) ; 1908 s. 5.
1896 s . 57(1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 15.
1896 s . 57( 1) ; 1965 s. 2(1), Sch. 2; 1969 c. 19 s. 7( 3) ; 1971 Sch. 2
para. 15.
1896 s . 57( 2).
1896 ss. 58(1 ), 102; 1948 s. 18(1 ); 1965 s. 1(1), Sch. 1 Pt. I, Sch. 3
1896 s . 58( 2) ; 1948 s. 18(1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 16.
1969 c. 19 s. 7( 4).
1896 s . 60; 1948 s. 18(1) .
1896 s. 61 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 17.
1948 ss. 6(1 ), 23(1) .
1948 ss. 16 (1), ( 4), 23( 1 ) ; 1971 s. 11(4).
1948 s. 16( 2).
1948 s. 25( 4).
1948 s. 2(2) ; 1958 s. 1 (1).
1948 s . 2(2) ; 1969 s. 7(2) .
1948 s. 2(5).
1948 ss . 2(5) , 23( 2) .
1948 s. 2(3) .
1948 s . 2( 4) .
1948 ss . 2(5), 23(2) .
1948 ss. 16 (1), (2), 23( 1 ) .
1948 ss . 16 (1 ), 23(1 ) ; 1971 s. 11(4) .
1948 s . 25( 4) .
74 Introduces Schedule 6.
75 76 ( 1)( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 77(1) - (3) ( 4 ) 1929 ss . 3, 5(2) , (3 ) .
1896 s . 68(1 ) .
1896 s. 68(5) .
1896 s . 68(8) ; 1908 s. 6.
1896 ss. 68(9), 102; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 40.
1896 s . 68(2)-(4) .
1896 s. 68(8) ; 1908 s . 6.
78 1896 s . 68(7), (9); 1971 Sch. 2 paras. 18, 40.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
vii
Section of
1974 Act Derivation
79 1896 ss. 68(6 ), (8), 102; 1908 s. 6; R.1 .
80 81 1896 s. 102; 1955 s. 1 ( 4) .
1896 s . 69 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 19.
82 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 1971 s. 1(2 ) .
1971 s. 1(3).
1896 s. 71(1) .
1971 s. 1(4) .
1896 s. 71( 3).
1971 s. 1(6) .
1896 s. 72.
83( 1) - (7)
( 8 ) 1971 s . 2(1)-(7) .
1971 s . 2(8) ; 1971 s. 58 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
84 1896 s. 71 .
85 1896 s. 73.
86 ( 1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1971 s. 4 ( 1) .
1971 s. 4( 2).
1896 s . 75.
1971 s. 1(5 ) .
87 1971 s. 5.
88 1971 s. 6.
89 1971 s. 7.
90 (1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )( 7 )
1896 s . 76 ( 1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 20.
1896 s . 76( 1 ) , (7) .
1896 s. 76(2), (3) .
1896 s . 76( 4) ; 1908 s. 7.
1896 s.76(5), (6).
91
1896 s. 77; 1971 s. 8, Sch. 1 .
92
1896 s. 77A; 1971 s. 8, Sch. 1 .
93 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
1896 s. 78(1 ) ; 1971 s. 3( 3), Sch. 2 para. 21 .
1896 s. 82.
1896 ss. 78( 2), 102; 1971 с. 58 Sch. 1 para. 1 ; 1971 s. 3( 4).
Finance Act 1956 ( c. 54 ) s. 26( 2); 1970 Sch. 15 para. 3(1).
94 ( 1) - ( 6 )
( 7 )
95 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 )
( 7 )
1896 s. 79(1)-(5) .
1896 ss. 79(6), 81 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 22.
1896 s. 80 (1); 1908 s. 8.
1896 ss. 80(1) , (2), 82.
1896 s . 80(3 ).
1896 s. 80 (3) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 23(1) .
1896 s. 80( 4) .
1896 ss . 80(7), 81 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 23(3 ).
1896 s. 80( 6); 1971 Sch. 2 para. 23( 2).
96
1896 s. 80(5) .
97
1896 s . 83 ; 1971 Sch. 2 paгa. 24.
viii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT -cont.
Section of
1974 Act
Derivation
98 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) 1896 s. 84; 1948 s. 16 (1); 1968 s. 18; 1971 s. 2(3), Sch. 2 para. 25.
Saving for other provisions which create offences .
1896 ss. 89, 91(1) ; 1967 Sch. 3; 1971 s. 11( 2 ) .
1896 s . 90; 1971 s. 11(3) .
1896 s . 85.
1896 s. 86.
1948 s. 16 (5) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 48 .
1948 s. 16(5) .
99 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3) - (5)
( 6 )
( 7 )
1896 s . 87(1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 26(1) .
1896 ss . 87(3), 102; 1971 Sch . 2 para. 26(2) .
1896 s . 87(3A)q(3C) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 26(3 ) .
1896 s. 87(4) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 26(4) .
1896 s . 87(5) .
100
1896 ss . 88, 91 (1) ; 1971 s . 11 (2 ) .
101(1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
1896 s . 91(2) ; 1971 Sch . 2 para. 27.
1896 s . 91 (3) ; 1908 s. 10.
1896 s . 91( 4) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 41 .
102
1896 s. 92; 1971 Sch . 2 para. 28.
103
104 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 4 )
( 5 ) 1896 s. 94; 1908 s. 11 ; Recorded Delivery Service Act 1962 s. 1 .
1896 s. 96 (1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 29.
1896 s . 96(2) ; 1955 s. 4(2) ; 1971 s. 9(1) .
(3) 1971 s. 9( 2).
1971 s. 13(1 )(2).
1896 s. 96 (3) .
105
1896 s. 33 .
106 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
1896 s. 98(5).
1896 s. 97( 1 ) ; S.I. 1972/890 and 911 .
1896 s . 97( 4).
107(1 )(2)
( 3 )
1955 s . 9(1 ), (2) ; Social Security Act 1973 (c. 38) Sch. 27 para 17.
Temporary provision.
108
1948 ss. 17(1), 23(1 ) .
109 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
1896 s . 99(1 ), 1971 Sch. 2 pага. 31 .
1896 s . 99( 2) ; 1955 s. 9( 4); 1968 s. 19(2); 1971 s. 13(1), (2), Sch. 2
para. 31 .
1968 s . 19(3) ; 1971 s. 13(3) .
110 (1) ( 2 )
( 3 )
1896 s . 100; 1968 Sch. 1 para. 5.
1896 s. 7.
111( 1 )
1896 ss. 102, 106; 1908 s. 13; 1940 s. 10; 1948 s. 23(1 )(c) ; 1968
s . 21 ( 1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 32 and 42.
( 2 )
Construction.
( 3 )
1896 s . 106 (definition of "registrar") ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 32.
( 4 )
1968 s. 21 ( 1) , (3 ) .
( 5 )
1896 s . 106(2) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 42.
( 6 ) 1971 s. 12( 2) .
( 7 ) Construction.
112 1896 s. 103 ; R.2 .
113 1896 s. 104; R.2.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
ix
Sectionof
1974 Act Derivation
114 1896 s. 105.
115
116
1971 s. 12 (1 ), (3), (4) ; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973
( c. 36 ) Sch . 5 para. 1 .
Consequential amendments, transitory provisions etc.
117
( 3 )
Short title, etc.
1896 s. 108; 1924 s. 3( 2); 1929 s. 5( 4); 1940 s. 12 ( 2); 1948 s. 24;
1955 s. 11 ( 4) ; 1958 s . 2; 1966 s. 53(6) ; 1968 s. 23(5) ; 1971 s .
15( 3); R.2.
Sch. 1
para. (1)
( 2 )
1896 s . 8( 1 ) (a) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 3 .
1896 s . 8( 1 )(b) ; 1948 ss. 2(1 ), 3, 23(2), Sch. 2; S.I. 1948/2578 ; S.I.
1949/598.
1896 s . 8(1 )(c) ; 1955 s . 3( 1 ) .
( 4 ) 1896 s . 8(1 ) ( d) ; 1955 s. 3 ( 1) .
( 5 ) 1896 s . 8(1 )(dd) ; 1948 s . 3, Sch. 2.
( 6 ) 1896 s . 8(1)(e) .
( 7 ) 1896 s . 8( 1) (f) ; 1908 s . 1 .
Sch. 2
para. 1 1896 Sch. 1 , para. 1 .
2 1896 s . 24(1 ), Sch. 1 para. 1 .
3 1896 Sch . 1 para. 2; 1971 s . 10 (1).
4-6 1896 Sch. 1 paras. 3-5.
7
1896 Sch. 1 para. 6; 1968 Sch. 1 para. 6.
8-10 1896 Sch. 1 paras. 7-9.
11 1968 s . 17( 1 )- ( 3 )
12
1968 Sch. 1 para. 7
13
1896 Sch . 1 para. 11 ; 1968 Sch. 1 para. 8.
14
15
1896 Sch. 1 para. 12; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 33 .
1896 Sch. 1 para. 13 .
1896 Sch. 2 Pt. III; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 43 .
1896 Sch . 2 Pt. III.
Sch. 3
Sch. 4
Sch. 5
para. 1, 2
1948 s . 23(1 )(a) , Sch. 1 paras. 1 , 2.
3 1948 s. 23 ( 1 ) (a) , Sch. 1 para. 3 ; 1958 s. 1(1) .
4,5 1948 Sch. 1 paras. 4, 5.
6 1948 s . 23( 1 )(a) , Sch. 1 para. 6.
7 1948 s. 16( 2) .
8 1948 Sch. 1 para. 7 ; S.I. 1972/890 and 911 .
9, 10 1948 ss. 2(5), 23 (2) , Sch . 1 paras. 8, 9.
Sch. 6
para. 1
2345
6
6789
1896 s . 8 ( 1 )(b) ; 1948 s . 1 ; S.I. 1948/2578 ; S.I. 1949/598.
1929 ss. 1 ( 1), ( 2), 5(3 ) ; 1948 s. 1 , Sch. 2.
1896 s . 62; 1924 s . 2(1 ) .
1929 ss . 2, 5(2) ; 1955 s . 3(2) .
1896 ss . 63, 64; Industrial Assurance Act 1923 s . 4( 2); 1929 s . 1(3)
1948 s . 6(2) .
1896 s . 65; 1924 s . 2( 2) ; 1948 s . 6(2) .
1896 s . 66; 1948 s . 6(2) .
1896 s. 67.
1948 s. 7.
Sch. 7
1955 s . 9(1 ), ( 2) , ( 5) .
X Tables of Derivations and Destinations
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-cont.
Section of
1974Act Derivation
Sch. 8 1948 Sch. 4.
Sch. 9 Consequential amendments.
Sch. 10 Transitory provisions and savings.
рага. 5 1908 s. 2 ( 2).
6 1929 ss. 4, 5(2), (3) .
7 1896 s. 101 .
8 1896 s. 2 ( 1).
11 1896 s. 98(1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 30(1) .
12 1965 s . 2 ( 2).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xi
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1974 (c. 46 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Note: The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page ii above.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
The Registry Office.
1 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896
( 59 &60 Vict. c. 25)
1( 1), ( 2)
1 ( 3 )
2 ( 4 )
2 ( 1) - (3)
1 ( 4 )
2 ( 1 )
Functions of the Central Office .
Sch. 10
para. 8
Amended 1924 s. 1 .
Functions of the Treasury
transferred to Minister for
Civil Service: S.I. 1968/
1656.
Para. (a) repealed Industrial
Relations Act 1971 ; para.
( b) repealed Building Socie-
ties Act 1962; para. ( c)
repealed in part Rating and
Valuation Act 1961; re-
mainder spent .
Para. ( a) repealed 1968
Sch. 2; para. (c) repealed
1971 Sch . 3.
( 2 )
-
6 ( 2 )
3 ( 1 ) Functions of assistant registrars
generally.
2 ( 5 )
( 2 ) 4 ( 3)
4 ( 1 ) Functions of assistant registrars for
Scotland and Ireland.
- Repealed in part Industrial
Relations Act 1971 ; para.
( b ) repealed Building
Societies Act 1962 ;
remainder spent.
( 2 ), ( 3 ) 5
5 Salaries and expenses. 3 Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para. 2.
6 Report of the chief registrar. 6(1 ) Repealed in part 1968 Sch.2.
7 Deposit of documents . 110 ( 3 )
8( 1 ) Societies which may be registered. 7 ( 1)(a )
Sch. 1,
Sch. 6,
para. 1
Amended 1908 s. 1 ; 1948
Sch. 2; 1955 s. 3(1) ; 1971
Sch . 2 para. 3 ; repealed in
part, 1966 Sch. 13 Pt. III .
( 2 ) 7(1)(b)
( 3 ) 7(1)(c )
( 4 ) 7 ( 1 ) ( d )
( 4A ) 7(1)(e )
Inserted 1955 s. 4(1).
( 5 ) 7(1) ( f )
proviso 7 ( 4 )
9(1) Conditions of registration .
( 2 )
( 3)
7( 2 )(c)
8( 1 ), ( 2)
7( 2 )(a)
( 4 ) 26
10 Name of society. 8 ( 3 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para. 4.
xii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
11( 1 )
( 2 ) Acknowledgment of registry. 15
17 Added 1971 Sch. 2 para. 5.
12 Appeals from refusal to register. 16 , 20
13 (1 ) Registry of amendments of rules. 18( 1 )
( 2 ) 19
( 3 ) 20
7( 2)(b) 14 (1 ) Registry of societies carrying on
business in more than one part of
the United Kingdom.
Repealed in part 1971 Sch. 3.
( 2 ) 10 Substituted 1971 Sch. 2
para. 6.
15 Registry of dividing societies. 9 ( 1 )
16 Registry of societies assuring
annuities . 9( 2), (3) Amended 1968 Sch. 1 para. 3.
17 Registry of societies with branches. 11 Amended 1971 Sch. 2para. 7.
18 Establishment of new branches. 12 Amended 1971 Sch. 2para. 8.
19 ( a ) Application of previous provisions 15(1), 17,
to branches. 19
16 , 20
( c ) ( d ) 18( 1) , 19
15( 2 ), 17,
26
20 Requisites for registry of branches as
societies .
13
21 Name of seceding or expelled branch. 14
22 Contributions from one society to 52( 2), ( 3) Repealed in part only as
another. applicable also to trade
unions.
23 Subscription not recoverable at law. 61
24 ( 1 ) Registered office. 11( 1)(a ),
12 (1) (b),
18( 2 )( a )
Sch . 2
para. 2
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 18( 2)( a )
18 ( 2 ) Added 1971 Sch. 2 para. 9.
25 Appointment of trustees . 24
26 Audit.-
27 Annual return .
Repealed 1968 Sch. 2.
43( 1) -(4) Amended and repealed in
part 1968 s. 11 .
28 Quinquennial valuation . 41( 1),
( 3) - (5)
Repealed in part 1968; sub-
section (4) amended 1955
s. 4(2)(a) .
29 Copy of last balance sheet. 45
Amended 1968 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Tables of Derivations and Destinations Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
xiii
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
30 Public auditors and valuers . 41 ( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) repealed in
part 1948 Sch. 6 Pt. II ;
amended 1968 Sch. 1 para.
2; subsection (2) repealed
1968.
31 Registered cattle insurance and other
societies.
22
32 Exemption of societies from corres-
ponding societies ' Acts, etc.
33 Exemption from stamp duty. 105
34 Transfer of stock standing in name
of trustee.
35 Priority on death, bankruptcy, etc.
of officer .
59
36 Membership of minors. 25 , 60
Subsection ( 2) amended 1971
c. 58 Sch. 1 para. 1. sub-
section (3) added 1971
Sch. 2 para. 34.
Spent.
Para. (a) repealed Finance
Act 1970 Sch. 8 Pt. V;
para. (c ) repealed Finance
Act 1971 Sch. 14 Pt. VI.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 2 parа.
10 .
Subsection ( 2) amended, sub-
section (3) added 1971 Sch.
2 para. 35.
Subsection ( 1) repealed in
part 1908, amended 1969
c. 39/46 Sch. 1.
37 Subscriptions to hospitals. 52 ( 1 )
38 39 Right to supply of copies of the rules. Right to supply of copies of annual return.
21 44 ( 1 ) Amended 1955 s. 8.
Amended 1968 Sch. 1 para. 4.
40 Inspection of books by members . 62
41 Limitation of benefits . 64 (6 ) Subsection (1) repealed 1966
Sch . 13 Pt. III.
42 Accumulation of surplus contri-
butions.
63
43 Militiamen and volunteers .
Repealed 1948 Sch. 6 Pt. II .
44 ( 1 ) Investment of funds.
46 (1),
51( 1 )
Amended 1908 s. 4, 1955
s. 2(1), Post Office Act 1969
Sch. 6 Pt. III ; para (c )
repealed 1948 Sch. 6 Pt. II .
( 2 )
46 ( 2 )
45 Loans to assured members .
48
Subsection (3) added 1971
Sch. 2 para 36.
46 Loans out of separate loan fund. 49
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
37.
xiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
47 Holding of land.
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
53
Subsection (3) repealed
Charities Act 1960 Sch. 5;
new subsection (3) added
1971 Sch. 2 pага. 38.
Repealed Statute Law (Re-
peals) Act 1969.
48 Copyholds.
49 Vesting of property
50 Devolution on death.
54
58
51 Description in legal proceedings. 56
52 Investment with the National Debt
-
Commissioners.
53 Discharge of mortgages by receipt
endorsed.
57
54 Security by officers . 27
55 Accounts of officers . 28
56 ( 1 ) Power of member to dispose of sums
payable on his death by nomination.
66 ( 1 ),
( 2 ) , ( 4 )
( 2 ) 66 ( 3)
( 3 ) 66 (5)
( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 66 ( 6 )
66 ( 7 )
66 ( 8)
57(1) Proceedings on death of nominator. 67( 1), ( 2)
3. ( 4 ) ( 3 ),( 4)
67 ( 3 )
58( 1 ) Intestacy. 68( 1 )
( 2 ) 68( 2 )
59 Estate duty to be paid when the whole
estate exceeds £100.
-
60 Validity of payments .
69
61 Certificates of death.
70
62 Limitation of amounts payable on
death of children.
Sch. 6
para. 3
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
11; repealed in part 1971
Sch. 3.
Repealed 1948 Sch. 6.
Replaced 1971 Sch. 2 para.
12 .
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга.
39 .
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга.
13.
Amended 1955 s. 4( 2); 1965
s. 2(1) ; 1971 Sch. 2 para.
14 .
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга.
14 .
Added 1908 s. 5.
Amended 1965 s. 2, Sch. 2,
1971 Sch. 2 para. 15.
Repealed Finance Act 1949
Sch. 11 Pt. IV.
Amended 1948 s . 18(1) ; 1965
s. 1(1 ), Sch. 1, 3 ; repealed
in part 1948 Sch. 6 Pt. II ;
1965 Sch. 4.
Amended 1948 s. 18(1); 1971
Sch. 2 para. 16.
Replaced 1948 Sch. 5; re-
pealed 1955 s . 5( 2).
Amended 1948 s. 18(1).
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
17.
Substituted 1924 s. 2; super-
seded with saving, 1948
s. 6( 2).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations XV
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
63 THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
Special death certificate required in
Sch. 6
certain cases.
para. 5(1 ) Repealed in part and with
saving, 1948 s. 6(2), Sch. 6
Pt. II.
64 Particulars to be included in death
certificate.
Sch. 6
para.
5( 2 ) - ( 4)
Repealed with saving, 1948
s . 6( 2) .
65 Cases in which certificates may be
given.
Sch. 6
para. 6
Amended 1924 s. 2 ( 2 );
repealed with saving, 1948
s. 6(2).
66 Inquiries by societies . Sch. 6
para. 7
Repealed with saving 1948
s. 6( 2) .
67 Saving for insurable interest. Sch. 6
para. 8
68( 1) Decision of disputes. 76(1 ), (2)
77 (1)
( 3) 77( 2 )
Repealed in part 1908 s. 6.
Repealed in part 1948 Sch. 6
Pt. II.
77( 3 )
76 ( 3 )
79 78
76 ( 4),
Amended R.1 .
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.18.
Added 1908 s. 6.
( 8 ) 77 ( 4 ),
79 ( 4 )
- 76(5),
Added 1971 Sch. 2 para. 40.
( 9 ) 78 ( 1 )
69 Power to change name. 81 Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
19.
70 Amalgamation and transfer of en-
gagement.
- Repealed 1971 Sch. 3 .
71( 1) Conversion of society into company. ( 2 )
( 3 )
82 ( 3 ) 84 ( 1 )
84 ( 2 )
82(5) , 84 ( 3 ), ( 4 )
Repealed in part, 1971 Sch. 3.
Repealed in part, 1971 Sch. 3 .
72 Saving for right of creditors. 82( 7)
73 Conversion of society into branch . 85 Subs. ( 7) repealed 1971 s.
3 ( 2 ), Sch. 3.
74 Meaning of special resolution.
-
Repealed 1971 Sch. 3 .
75 Registration of special resolution. 86 ( 3 )
76(1) - (3) Inspectors and special meetings.
9998
90 (5 )
( 5 ) 90 ( 6 )
( 6 ) 90 (7)
7 ) 90 ( 2 )
91 90(1 ) -( 4) Subs. (1) repealed in part
1971 Sch. 3 .
Amended 1908 s. 7.
77 Cancellation and suspension of
registration.
Substituted 1971 s. 8, Sch. 1.
xvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
77A Appeals against cancellation, etc.
92 78( 1) Dissolution of societies.
93 ( 1 )
( 2 )
93 ( 3 )
Substituted for 1896 s. 77,
1971 s . 8, Sch. 1 .
Amended 1971 s. 3(3) , Sch. 2
para. 21 .
Substituted 1971 s. 3( 4) ;
amended 1971 c. 58 Sch. 1
para. 1.
79 Instrument of dissolution . 94 Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
22.
80 (1) Dissolution by award. 95(1 ) , (2) Amended 1908 s. 8 ; repealed
in part 1968 Sch. 2.
( 2 ) 95( 2)
( 3 ) 95( 3), ( 4) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
23( 1) .
( 4 ) 95 ( 5 )
( 5 ) 96
( 7 ) 95 ( 7 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга .
23(2) .
95 ( 6 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга.
23( 3) .
81 Advertisement of notices. 94 ( 7),
95 ( 6 )
82 Dissolution of societies having 93(2) ,
branches. 95 ( 2 )
83 Notice of proceedings or order to set
aside dissolution.
97 Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
24 .
84 Offences. 98( 1) Applied 1923 s. 39(1) ; 1929
s. 3 ; 1948 s. 16; amended
1971 Sch. 2 para. 25.
85 Offences by societies to be also
offences by officers , &c.
86 Continuing offences . 98 (6 )
87( 1 ) Punishment of fraud, etc. ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 3A ) -
( 3C )
( 4 )
( 5 )
88 Fine for falsification.
89 Fine for ordinary offences .
90 Special offences in the case of friendly
societies .
98 (5)
99 (1) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para .
26 ( 1).
Repealed Theft Act 1968
Sch . 3 Pt. II.
99( 2 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 paга.
26 ( 2).
99(3)-(5) Inserted 1971 Sch. 2 para.
26 (3) .
99( 6 )
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
26 ( 4 ).
99( 7 )
100
Amended 1971 s. 11(2 ) .
98( 3)
Amended, Criminal Justice
Act 1967 Sch. 3 Part I, 1971
s. 11( 2 ).
98 ( 4 ) Amended 1971 s . 11( 3).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xvii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
91(1) Recovery of fines . 98( 3),
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
100 27.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 92 101(1) Substituted 1971 Sch. 2 para.
27.
101( 2) Added 1908 s. 10.
101( 3) Added 1971 Sch. 2 para. 41 .
Jurisdiction of court of summary
jurisdiction.
102 Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
28.
93 Appeals. Superseded Magistrates'
Courts Act 1952 (c. 55) s. 83
and Summary Jurisdiction
( Scotland ) Act 1954 (c. 48)
s. 62; unnecessary in re-
lation to orders .
94 Legal proceedings . 103 Subsections (6 ) and ( 7) added
1908 s. 11 .
95 Remuneration of county court
officers.
- Spent.
96 ( 1 ) Fees.
104 (1) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
( 2 )
( 3 )
29.
104 ( 2 ) Amended 1955 s. 4( 2).
104 ( 5 )
97 ( 1 ) Fees payable to register of births
and deaths.
( 2 )
( 3 )
106 ( 2 ) Amended S.I. 1972/890 and
911.
Repealed S.I. 1972/890 and
911.
Repealed S.I. 1968/1177 and
1242.
( 4 )
-
106 ( 3 )
98 ( 1 ) Forms.
Sch. 10 para. 11
( 2 )-
( 3 )-
Substituted 1971 Sch. 2 para.
30 ( 1 ).
Replaced by new subs. (1),
1971 Sch. 2 para. 30(1) .
Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
30 ( 2).
( 4 )
( 5 )
41(1),
43 ( 6 )
27(2),
57(1)(b)
106(1)
99 Regulations for carrying out Act.
109(1), ( 2) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
31.
100 Evidence of documents.
101 Application to existing societies .
110(1), (2 ) Amended 1968 Sch. 1 para. 5.
Sch. 10
рага. 7
102 Application to Scotland.
22 (3), 28(3) ,
68(1),
76 ( 5),
79, 80,
93(3),
99( 2),
111( 1)
Repealed in part 1971 Sch. 3.
xviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
103 THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1896 -continued
Application to the Isle of Man.
4( 1), ( 2) | Subsection (7) added 1908
112
s. 12; see R.2.
104 Application to Channel Islands. 4(1) , (2),
113 See R.2.
105 Payment to representatives in Channel
Islands and Isle of Man.
114
106 Definitions . 111(1), (3),
( 5 )
Amended 1908 s. 13 ; 1971
Sch. 2 paras. 32, 42.
107 Repeals.-
Repealed Statute Law Revi-
sion Act 1908.
108 Extent of Act.-
109 Short title.
See sections 112(1), 113(1),
117( 3) and R. 2.
Unnecessary.
Sch. 1 Matters to be provided for by rules
of registered societies.
Sch. 2
paras.
1-10 ,
12-15
Amended 1968 Sch . 1 paras.
6-8 ; 1971 Sch. 2 para. 33.
Sch. 2 Forms.
Schs. 3 , Amended 1955 s . 4(2); 1971
4
Sch . 2 para. 43.
Sch. 3 Repeals.
Repealed Statute Law Revi-
sion Act 1908.
THE SOCIETIES BORROWING POWERS ACT 1898
( 61 & 62 Vict. c. 15)
1 Provision for borrowing.
23( 2 )
2 Interpretation.
23( 2), (3)
3 Short title.
Unnecessary.
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1908
( 8 Edw. 7. c. 32 )
1 Amendment of 1896 s. 8 as to societies
Sch. 1
which may be registered.
para. ( 7)
2 Membership of minors under the age
of one year.
3 Limitation of benefits .
4 Powers to invest funds in trust
securities .
5 Nominations by members ofbranches.
60 ( 1), Sch. 10
para. 5
46 ( 1)
66 ( 8)
6 Disputes.
76 ( 4), Spent in part.
77( 4) ,
79 ( 4 )
Repealed in part S.L.R. 1927
Spent.
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Tables of Derivations and Destinations Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
xix
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1908-continued
7 Preliminary expenses of investiga- 90 ( 5 )
tions, etc.
8 Notice of investigation with a view
to dissolution.
95 ( 1)
9 Misapplication of property. Spent.
10 Recovery of costs and expenses. 101 ( 2 )
11 Legal proceedings . 103( 6 ) , (7 )
12 Amendment of 1896 s. 103.
-
See R. 2.
13 Definition of "signed" . 111( 1 )
14 Short title, etc.- Subsection ( 1 ) unnecessary;
subsection ( 2) repealed
Statute Law Revision Act
1927; subsections (3) and
( 4 ) spent.
8
THE WAR LOAN (SUPPLEMENTAL PROVISIONS) ACT 1915
( 5 & 6 Geo. 5. с. 93)
Power of Public Trustee to hold
55 securities of Friendly Societies, etc.
Repealed in part only as
applicable also to trade
unions.
4 ( 2 ) Assurances on children's lives .
THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE ACT 1923
( 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 8)
Sch. 6 рага. 5
36 ( 2 ) Transfer of engagements.
Repealed in part only.
Words repealed unnecessary;
see amendment of s. 36 in
Sch. 9.
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1924
( 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 11 )
1 Qualifications for office of chief 2 ( 1 )
registrar.
2 (1 ) Assurances on children's lives . ( 2 ) Sch. 6
Sch. 6
para. 3
para. 6
( 3 )
3 Short title, construction and extent. 117 ( 3)
Repealed, S.L.R. 1950.
Subsection (1 ) unnecessary.
XX Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct
1
Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1929
( 19 &20 Geo. 5. c. 28)
Extension of purposes for which
Sch. 6
policies may be issued.
paras. 2,
5 ( 1 )
Amended 1948 Sch. 2; re-
pealed in part 1967 Sch. 8
Pt. II; repealed in part
only as applicable also to
industrial assurance com-
panies.
2
3
Provisions as to repayment of pre-
miums.
Sch. 6
para. 4
( 1 )
Rights of owners of certain endow- 75(1) - (6 )
ment policies .
4
5 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
Retrospective operation of Act.
Short title, etc.
Subsections (1), (3) and ( 4)
repealed in part 1948 Sch. 6,
1967 Sch . 8 Pt. II; sub-
section (5) repealed 1967
Sch . 7. See remark on s . 1
above.
See remark on s. 1 above.
Amended 1955 s. 3( 3).
-
( 4 )
-
Sch. 10
para. 6( 1)
75( 7),
Sch. 6
para. 4( 2),
Sch. 10
para. 6( 1)
75( 8),
Sch. 6
para. 2(5),
Sch. 10
para. 6( 2)
117 ( 3 )
See R. 2.
8
9
10 ( 1)
THE SOCIETIES ( MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ACT 1940
( 3 & 4 Geo. 6. с. 19 )
Power of certain societies to set up | 47(1) - (3) | Subsection (1) repealed in
fund for purchase on behalf of
part Industrial and Provi-
members of Government securities.
dent Societies Act 1965.
Power of Chief Registrar to delegate
functions.
47 ( 4 )
Interpretation.
47(1 ), (2) ,
111( 1 )
10 ( 2 )
-
Repealed in part Industrial
and Provident Societies Act
1965, Statute Law ( Repeals)
Act 1969; definition of
"Chief Registrar" un-
necessary.
Unnecessary in view of In-
dustrial Assurance Act 1923
s. 2(1) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxi
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES Aст 1948
(11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 39)
1 Cesser of power to insure for funeral
Sch. 6
expenses.
para. 1
Amended S.I. 1948/2578 and
1949/598 ; repealed in part
only as applicable also to
industrial assurance com-
panies.
2
Power to insure life of parent or
grandparent and prohibition of
alienation of such insurancies.
( 1 )
Sch. 1
para. 2( d)
GEON
( 2)
( 3 )
Repealed in part only as
applicable also to industrial
assurance companies.
Amended S.I. 1948/2578 and
1949/598 ; repealed in part
1967 Sch. 7 .
Amended 1958 s. 1(1) .
Repealed in part 1967 Sch. 7.
( 5 )
72(1 ) - (3 )
73 ( 1 )
73( 2 )
72( 4), (5) ,
73( 3),
Sch. 5
para. 10( 2)
3
Power of friendly society to insure
life of spouse of member.
Sch. 1
paras. ( 2 )
( c ), (5 )
4
Amendments consequential on pre-
ceding sections.
5
6 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
7
8-13
14
15
Unnecessary on consolida-
tion but applicable also to
industrial assurance com-
panies.
Amendments as to limitation of
benefits from friendly societies .
Repealed 1966 Sch. 13 Pt . III .
Prohibition of insuring money to be 71(1) - (4) Amended Industrial Rela-
paid on death of a child under ten.
tions Act 1971 Sch. 8 ; S.I.
1948/2578 and 1949/598 ;
repealed in part 1967 Sch. 7 ;
repealed in part only as
applicable also to certain
companies and organisa-
tions.
Sch. 6
paras. 5-7
Repealed Finance Act 1962
Sch. 11 Pt. VI.
Power to extend application of pro-
visions limited to persons resident
in Great Britain.
Not repealed; extended by
Sch. 6 para. 9 and Sch . 9.
Provisions applicable only to col-
lecting societies and industrial
assurance companies.
Section 10 amended 1955 s .
8; sections 10-12 repealed
in part 1967 Sch. 7; re-
mainder not repealed.
Requirement as to audit of accounts
of registered societies.
-
Repealed 1968.
Amendments of registered societies'
rules consequential on this Act.
Subsection (1) spent; see
saving in Sch. 10 para. 14.
xxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct
Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
16 ( 1)
( 2 )
THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1948 -continued
Provisions as to offences. 71( 5 ), Amended 1971 s. 11( 4 ) .
73( 4), ( 5 ),
98( 1)
71 (6 ),
73 ( 4 ) ,
Repealed in part 1967 Sch . 8
Pt . IV.
Sch. 5
para. 7
( 3 )
ම්ම
( 5 )
-
71 ( 5 )
Notrepealed.
Amended Industrial Rela-
tions Act 1971 Sch. 8;
repealed in part only.
98( 7), (8) Amended 1971 Sch. 2 para.
48.
17
Protection for members of registered
societies joining the forces .
108 Subs. ( 2) repealed 1967 Sch. 7;
subs. ( 3) repealed Northern
Constitution Act 1973 Sch .
6.
18( 1)
Provisions as to payments on deaths 68, 69(1)
in certain circumstances.
( 2 )
( 3 )
Repealed 1945 s. 5( 2).
Repealed 1965 Sch. 4.
19 ( 1 ) -4 Provisions as to investment by
registered societies and certain
other bodies.
- Repealed 1967 Sch. 7.
( 5 )
46 ( 3)
( 6 )
Repealed in part Post Office
Savings Bank Act 1954
Sch.; Trustee Savings Bank
Act 1954 Sch. 3; Building
Societies Act 1960 Sch. 6;
Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1965 Sch. 5.
The repeal of s. 19 does not
extend to Northern Ireland.
20 Change of designation of " public
auditors " to " approved auditors".
21 Repeal of provisions requiring
Treasury consent to mode of
determination of disputes.
-
Repealed 1968 Sch. 2.
Repealed 1967 Sch. 7.
22
Repeal of 1923 s. 28 .
23( 1)
Interpretation.
- Repealed 1967 Sch. 7.
111( 1) Subs . ( 1 ) (d) repealed Indus-
trial Relations Act 1971
Sch. 9 ; Subs. ( 1)(a) justifies
the insertion of references
to a branch in the pro-
visions which derive from
the Act. Not repealed.
( 2 )-
( 3 )-
72(5),
73(3 ),
Sch. 1
para. 2( d ) ,
Sch. 5
para.10( 2) Repealed Adoption Act 1950
Sch. 4.
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Tables of Derivations and Destinations Section of
1974 Act Remarks
xxiii
24
25 Sch. 1 Sch. 2 THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1948 -continued
Extent. 117( 3) See R. 2; subsection (2)
repealed in part Northern
Ireland Constitution Act
1973 Sch. 6.
Short title, citation, construction and
repeal. 71 ( 7),
73 ( 6 )
Death certificates in connection with
payments referred to in s . 2( 2).
Sch. 5
Amendments consequential on ss. 1
-
to 3.
Subsection (5) repealed 1967
Sch. 7; remainder un-
necessary as to friendly
societies .
Amended 1958 s . 1(1) , S.I.s.
1972/890 and 911 ; repealed
inpart only.
For amendments of 1896 and
1929, see amended provi-
sions ; remainder not re-
pealed.
Not repealed: applicable
only to policies of indus-
trial assurance .
Sch. 3 Sch. 4
Sch. 5
Matters to be set out in premium
receipt books.
Women's auxiliary services.
Substituted enactments relating to
sums paid without probate or
letters of administration.
Sch. 6 Repeals.
Sch. 8
Repealed 1955 s . 5(2) .
Repealed 1967 Sch. 7.
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1955
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 19 )
1 Power of society to lend surplus funds |
-
to society of different description.
( 1 ) - ( 3)
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6
50 (1 ) - (3)
80
50 ( 4 )
50 (5 )
2 Power of friendly society to invest in
housing association.
51
3 ( 1 ) Extension of purposes of friendly
societies .
Sch. 1
paras.
( 3), ( 4 )
( 2 ) Sch. 6
рага. 4
75 ( 7 )
( 3 ) ( 4 ), ( 5 )
4 ( 1 )
Power to register old people's homes societies .
7( 1)(e)
( 2 )
-
5
-
Amendments as to amount dis-
posable by nomination on death,
etc.
Spent.
Amends 1896 ss. 28(4), 56(1 ),
96( 2) and Schedule 2: see
those provisions .
Repealed in part only; re-
mainder spent; saving in
Schedule 10, para. 12.
xxiv Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
6
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1955 -continued
Extension of powers in connection
with sickness benefits .
7
Declaration of law as to adopted
children.
8 Charge for supplying copies of rules . 21
9(1)(2) Provision as to information supplied
for purposes of national insurance,
etc.
107,
Sch. 7
( 3 )
-
( 4 )
( 5 )
109( 2)
Sch. 7
10 Payments into Exchequer.
11(1) - (3) Short title, citation, construction and
extent.
( 4 )
Not repealed; amends In-
dustrial Assurance Act
1923.
Repealed Adoption Act 1958.
Also amends 1948 s. 10 (1);
see substituted amendment
in Schedule 9.
Amended Social Security Act
1973, Sch. 27.
See amendment of s. 9 in
Schedule 9.
Repealed Social Security Act
1973, Sch. 28.
Unnecessary.
Unnecessary.
See sections 112(1), 113(1)
and 117(3 ) and R.2.
26 ( 2 )
THE FINANCE ACT 1956
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54 )
society ;
1970 Sch. 15
Dissolutipect to its provision | 93( 4 ) | Amendedesca para
with annuities .
THE INDUSTRIAL ASSURANCE AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1948 (AMENDMENT) ACT 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 27 )
1
Increase in maximum amount of
-
insurance allowable on life of
Amends 1948 s. 2(2) and
Sch. 1 : see those provisions .
parent or grandparent.
2 Extent.
See sections 112(1), 113(1)
and 117( 3) and R.2.
3 Short title , etc.
Unnecessary.
Sch. 1 THE ADMINISTRATION OF ESTATES (SMALL PAYMENTS) Аст 1965
( 1965 с. 32 )
Enactments amended by section 1 to 68 ( 1 )
increase amount disposable on death
without representation.
Sch. 2 Sch. 3 Enactments amended by section 2 to
increase amount disposable on death
by nomination.
Extension of enactments relating to
intestacies .
66 ( 2),
67 ( 2 )
See also saving in Sch. 10
para. 12 .
68 ( 1 )
Tables of Derivations and Destinations XXV
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE FINANCE ACT 1966
( 1966 с. 18)
29 ( 4 )
( 9 )
Amendment of 1896 ss. 8(1) and 41 .
Interpretation.
-
64 ( 8)
Introduces Sch. 8 Part II.
Amended 1970 Sch. 15 para.
3 (2 ).
Sch. 8 Maximum benefits .
para.
5 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
64( 1 ), ( 7 ) Amended S.I. 1973/1868 .
7 ( 3)
64 ( 3 )
64 ( 2 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
67
Amended 1970 Sch. 15 para.
3( 3) and S.I. 1973/1432.
64 ( 8)
64 ( 4), ( 5)
Spent.
Para. 6( 1) spent.
The repeal of Part II does
not extend to Northern
Ireland.
Sch. 3
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
Increase of fine for offence under
1896 s. 89. 98(3) |
THE PUBLIC EXPENDITURE AND RECEIPTS ACT 1968
( 1968 с. 14 )
Sch. 3
Enactments requiring payment of
fees . Part only repealed: see
amendment of Sch. 3 in
Schedule 9.
THE FRIENDLY AND INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETIES ACT 1968
( 1968 с. 55 )
1 Books of account, etc. 29( 1 ) , (2) Not repealed: applicable
also to industrial and provi-
dent societies .
2
Form in which books of account may 29( 3), (4 ) Not repealed : applicable
bekept.
also to industrial and provi-
dent societies.
3
General provisions as to accounts
and balance sheets of assets .
30
Subsection ( 7) amended 1971
s. 11 (5 ), subsections (8) and
( 9) spent: repealed in part
only as applicable also to
industrial and provident
societies .
Repealed in part only as
applicable also to industrial
and provident societies.
4 Obligation to appoint auditors .
( 1) - ( 4 )
( 5 ) - (7 )
( 8 )
5
31 (1) - (4 )
32 (1) - (3)
31 (5 )
33
Re-appointment and removal of
qualified auditors .
Not repealed: applicable
also to industrial and provi-
dent societies.
xxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
6
THE FRIENDLY AND INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETIES ACT 1968 -continued
Provisions as to resolutions relating
to appointment and removal of
Not repealed: applicable
also to industrial and
auditors .
provident societies : sub-
section (1 ) amended 1971
Sch. 2 para. 49.
( 1) - ( 4 )
( 5) - (9)
( 10 )
7 Qualified auditors .
8
Restrictions on appointment of
auditors.
9
( 1) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
10
11
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4)
( 5 )
( 6 )
12
13-15
16
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
Auditors' report and right of access
to books and to attend and to be
heard at meetings .
34 (1 ) - (4)
35(1) - (5 )
34 (5 ) ,
35 ( 6 )
36
37
-
38( 1) - ( 4)
39 ( 1 )
38( 5 )
39 ( 2 )
40
Repealed in part only as
applicable also to industrial
and provident societies.
Not repealed: applicable
also to industrial and
provident societies : sub-
section (2) (b) amended S.I.
1968 No. 2031 .
Subsection (8) spent, remain-
der not repealed as applic-
able also to industrial and
provident societies.
Remuneration of qualified auditors.
Amendments relating to annual
returns of societies .
Not repealed : applicable
also to industrial and
provident societies.
Subsections (7) and (8) spent ,
remainder repealed in part
only as applicable also to
industrial and provident
societies .
43 ( 1), ( 3)
43 ( 3 )
43( 6 )
43 ( 4 )
44 ( 2 )
43( 5 )
Consequential amendment of rules
by societies.
Industrial and provident societies :
group accounts.
Amendments with respect to valua-
tions of societies registered under
the Act of 1896.
See saving in Sch. 10 para.
14 ; repealed in part only as
applicable also to industrial
and provident societies.
Not repealed: applicable
only to industrial and
provident societies .
-
9( 3),
41(1), (2)
41(6 )
42 (1) - (3)
42 ( 4 )
42 (5 )
Spent.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxvii
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974Act Remarks
17
THE FRIENDLY AND INDUSTRIAL AND PROVIDENT SOCIETIES ACT 1968 -continued
Amendments with respect to the
-
Repealed in part only as
rules of societies registered under
the Act of 1896.
applicable also to collecting
societies.
( 1) - (3)
( 4 )
18 Offences.
19 (1 ) Regulations.
( 2 ), (3)
-
20
Minor and consequential amend-
ments, repeals and transitional
provisions.
21
Interpretation .
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
ASS
( 4 )
22
Channel Islands and Isle of Man.
23 Short title, citation etc.
Sch. 1 Minor and consequential amend-
ments.
Sch. 2 Repeals.
Sch. 3 Transitional provisions .
Sch. 2
para. 11
23(1 )
32 ( 4),
98( 1 )
Not repealed: applicable
also to industrial and
provident societies.
31( 5 ),
42 ( 6 )
109( 2), (3)
Not repealed.
Subsection ( 1)(b ) spent,
remainder not repealed.
-
Repealed in part only as
applicable also to industrial
and provident societies.
111(1 ), (4) See also the provisions which
derive from the Act.
Unnecessary.
111 ( 4 )
Justifies the insertion of
references to a branch in the
provisions which derive
from the Act.
See R. 2; not repealed as
applicable to the unrepealed
provisions of the Act.
117( 3) Unnecessary in part ; remain-
der not repealed as applic-
able also to collecting
societies and industrial and
provident societies .
-
Paras. 1 to 8 amend pro-
visions of 1896 ;
see
amended provisions.
Spent.
Paras. 2, 5 and 6 spent;
remainder not repealed.
THE DECIMAL CURRENCY ACT 1969
( 1969 с. 19 )
7( 1) Ancillary provisions with respect to 64 ( 2 )
certain contracts made by registered
friendly Society.
( 2 )
( 3) 72(3)(b)
66( 2 ),
67 ( 2 )
( 4 ) 68( 3)
Not repealed.
xxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct
Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
Sch. 1
Sch. 1
THE AGE OF MAJORITY (SCOTLAND) ACт 1969
( 1969 с. 39 )
Enactments amended in consequence
of reduction of age of majority. | 25 , 60
THE FAMILY LAW REFORM ACT 1969
( 1969 с. 46 )
Enactments amended in consequence
25 , 60
of reduction of age of majority.
THE INCOME AND CORPORATION TAXES ACT 1970
( 1970 с. 10 )
Sch. 15
para. 3 Consequential amendments.
Sch. 9
Amendment of reference to quarter
sessions in 1896 s. 93.
See entries for Finance Act
1956 and Finance Act 1966.
THE COURTS ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 23 )
See 1896 s. 93.
THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 66 )
Amalgamation of registered societies
and transfers of their engagements .
1(1 )
Subsection (1) spent.
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
82 ( 1 )
82 (2 )
82 ( 4 )
86 ( 4 )
82 (6 )
2 Objections to amalgamations and
83, Subsection (8) amended 1971
transfers of engagements of friendly | 98( 1)(e)
c. 58 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
societies .
3
Other amendments relating to 93(1 ), (3) Subsections (1) and ( 2) spent.
amalgamation, conversion and dis-
solution of societies .
Special resolutions .
4 86(1 ) , (2) Subsection ( 3) spent.
5 Power of chief registrar to inspect
87 Subsection ( 5) spent.
and apply for winding-up of regis-
tered friendly societies and branches .
6 Power of chief registrar to suspend
business of registered friendly
societies and branches.
88
7 Power of chief registrar to require
production of documents.
89
8 Introduces Sch. 1 . Unnecessary.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxix
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
9
10 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
11 THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT 1971-continued
Fees for registration of friendly | 104(2) , (3) |
societies, etc.
Group insurance business.
Sch. 2
para. 3( 2)
See amendment of 1923 s . 8
in Schedule 9.
65(1)
65( 2)
Increase of certain penalties under
the Friendly Societies Acts. Subsections ( 1) and (6 ) spent ;
for subsections ( 2) to (5)
see amended provisions ;
subsections (5) and (6 ) not
repealed.
12 Reciprocal application of legislation
115
relating to societies registered in
Northern Ireland and in other parts
of the British Islands .
13 Regulations and orders. Repealed in part only.
( 1 ) 104 ( 4),
109 ( 2 )
( 2 ) 104 ( 4 ),
109 ( 2 )
( 3 ) 109( 3)
14 Amendments and repeals.
Spent.
15 Citation, construction, extent and 117 ( 3)
commencement.
See R. 2; subsections ( 4 ) and
( 5 ) not repealed as appli-
cable to section 11( 5 ) and
( 6 ); remainder unnecessary.
Sch. 1
Sections to be substituted for 1896
s. 77.
91 , 92
Sch. 2
and II
Parts I Amendments of 1896.- Part III Amendments of other enactments.
98(7) ,
Sch. 9
paras.
3,5
See amended provisions .
Paras . 44, 45 and 49 spent.
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed.
Spent.
XXX Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT 1974 ( с. 49)
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
1. The following abbreviations are used in this Table : -
1958 = The Insurance Companies Act 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 72 )
1967 = The Companies Act 1967
( 1967 с. 81)
1973 = The Insurance Companies Amendment Act 1973
( 1973 с. 58 )
1974 = The Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974
( 1974 с. 52 )
2. The functions of the Board ofTrade under 1958 and 1967 became exercisable
concurrently by the Secretary of State and the Board by virtue of Art. 2(1 ) of the
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Order 1970 (S.I. 1970/1537) . By virtue
of section 54(2) of 1973 those functions are now exercisable by the Secretary of
State only.
Section of Derivation
new Act
1 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1967 s . 59( 1 )
1958 s . 33(1) ; 1967 Sch. 5.
2 (1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1967 s. 60( 1 ) ; 1973 s . 55(5) ; 1974 Sch. 3 para. 12.
1967 s. 60(2) ; 1973 s . 55(5).
1967 s . 95.
1967 s . 97; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 Sch . 5.
3
1967 s. 61 ; 1973 s. 55(5) .
4 (1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1967 s . 62( 1 ) (part) ; 1973 s. 55(5) .
1967 s . 62( 2) ; 1973 s . 55(5).
1967 s . 62(3 ) ; 1973 s . 55( 5 ) .
1967 s. 62(4) .
1973 ss. 1 (3) , 32(3) .
1973 ss. 1(4) , 55(5).
5 1967 s . 62( 1 ) (part) ; 1973 s . 55( 5) .
6 1967 s. 63 ; 1973 s . 55(5) .
7 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1973 ss. 2( 1 ) , (7), 55(5) .
1973 s . 2(2) .
1973 s . 2(3)
1973 s . 2(4) .
1973 s . 2(6) .
1973 s . 2(5) .
8( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1967 s . 62(5) ; 1973 s . 55(5)
1967 ss . 62( 5 ) , 67( 1 ) .
1967 s . 67(2) .
9( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) 1967 s . 69( 1 ) (part) ; 1973 s . 55(5 ) .
1967 s. 69( 1 ) (part ) ; 1973 s . 55(5) .
1967 s. 69(2) .
10 (1) ( 2 ) 1973 s. 1(1) .
1973 s . 1(2) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxxi
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT -cont.
Section of Derivation
new Act
11 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 )
12 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
1967 s. 60 ( 4) .
1967 s . 84( 1 )(a) .
1967 ss . 60( 4), 84(2) ; 1973 s. 52 (8) .
1967 s. 104; 1973 s . 55(5 ).
1958 s . 1(1) .
1958 s. 1(5) .
1958 s. 1(5A) inserted by 1974 Sch. 3 para. 7.
1958 s . 1(6 ) as amended by 1967 Sch. 6.
1967 s. 95.
1967 s . 97 (part); Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 Sch. 5.
13
1958 s . 4( 1) to ( 4 ) (substituted by 1967, s. 71(1 )).
14 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1958 s . 5(1) ; 1967 s . 78 ; 1973 s. 3(1) (part ) and ( 4); Sch. 1 para. 1 .
1958 s . 5(2) ; 1973 s. 3(1) ( part).
1973 s. 3(3) .
1958 s . 5( 1 ) , (2 ) ; 1973 s . 3(2) .
15 (1 )
( 2 )
1973 s . 3(5) ( part) .
1973 s. 3(6 ) .
16
1958 s. 7(1 ) (substituted by 1967 s. 74 ) .
17 18 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 1958 s . 9 (substituted by 1967 s. 72( 1 )).
1958 s. 8(1) ; 1973 s . 4(1), (3) ; Sch. 1 para. 2.
1973 s. 4(2), (3).
1958 s . 8(1) ; 1967 s. 75(1) ; 1973 s. 4(2), (4).
1973 s . 4(1).
1958 s. 8(2 ) .
1958 s . 8( 3) .
1967 s. 71(2) .
19 (1) ( 2 ) 20 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1958 s. 8( 6 ); 1973 s . 4(6 ) , Sch. 1 para. 2.
1967 s . 76( 1 ), (3 )(a) .
1967 s. 77(1 ) ; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 11 .
1967 s . 77(2) .
1967 s. 77(3) .
1967 s . 77(4) .
21 1973 s . 5.
22 1973 s. 6.
23 1973 s. 7 .
24 1973 s. 8.
25 1973 s. 9.
26 1973 s. 10.
27 1973 s. 11.
28 1973 ss. 12, 55(5) .
29 1973 s. 13.
30 1973 s. 14.
31 1973 ss . 15, 32(3) .
xxxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT -cont.
Section of
new Act Derivation
32 1973 s. 16.
33 1973 s. 17.
34 1973 s. 18.
35 1973 s. 19.
36 1973 s. 20.
37
1973 s. 21 .
38
1973 s . 22(1 ) to (4 ) and (6 ) ; the Secretary of State (New Depart-
ments) Order 1974 Sch. 2 (S.I. 1974/692).
39
1973 s. 23( 1) to ( 5 ) ; the Secretary of State (New Departments)
Order 1974 Sch. 2 (S.I. 1974/692) .
40 1973 s. 24.
41 1973 s. 25.
42 1973 s . 26.
43
1973 s. 27.
44 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
1958 s. 13(1) ; 1967 s. 79(1); 1973 s. 28(6 ); Sch. 1 para. 3( a ).
1958 s . 13(2) ; 1967 Sch. 6.
1973 ss . 28(4), 32( 3), Sch. 1 para. 3( b).
1973 s. 28(5).
1958 s. 13(3).
1958 s. 13(4 ) ; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 3(c) .
45
1958 s. 15( 1) ; 1973 s. 29(2).
46 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1958 s. 15(2) (substituted by 1967 s. 81) ; 1973 s. 29( 2).
1958 s. 17(1) ; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 4.
1973 s. 29(1) .
1973 s . 29( 3).
47
1973 s. 30 (except (5 )) .
48
1973 s. 31 .
49 1958 s. 16.
50 1958 s. 18.
51( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1973 s. 29( 4).
1973 s. 30 (5) .
52
1973 s . 33(1 ) to (5) ; the Secretary of State ( New Departments)
Order 1974 Sch. 2 (S.I. 1974/692).
53
1973 s . 34 ( 1 ) to (4) ; the Secretary of State ( New Departments)
Order 1974 Sch. 2 (S.I. 1974/692).
54 1973 s . 35.
55 1973 s. 36.
56 1973 s. 37.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT-cont.
xxxiii
Section of
newAct Derivation
57 1973 s. 38.
58 59 1973 s . 28(1 ), (2), (3).
1967 s . 73(1 ), (2)(a).
60 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 61 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1958 s . 29; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 6.
1973 ss. 22(5) , 23( 6) , 33(6 ), 34(5).
1967 s. 84(1)(b); 1973 s. 52 (1), Sch. 1 para. 12.
1967 s. 84(2) ; 1973 s. 52(2), (8).
1967 s . 85( 1) ; 1973 s. 52(3) and ( 8) .
1973 s. 52( 4).
1973 s. 52(5) .
1973 s . 52(6 ) .
62 1973 s. 41 .
63 1973 s. 42.
64 1973 s. 43.
65 1973 s. 44.
66 1973 s. 45.
67 1973 s. 46.
68 1973 s. 47.
69 1973 s. 48.
70 1958 s. 24; 1967 Sch. 6.
71 72 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) ( 9 ) ( 10 ) ( 11 )
1967 s . 85(1 ) ; 1973 s. 52( 2), (3), (8).
1958 s . 21 ; Sch. 2 para. 6(1).
1973 s . 39(1) .
1973 s . 39(2).
1967 s . 76( 1), (3)(b) .
1973 ss . 39(3), 52(4)(a) .
1973 s . 39( 4) .
1973 s. 39( 5).
1967 s . 73( 1 ), (2) (b) .
1958 Sch . 2 para. 6( 3) and ( 4).
1958 Sch. 2 para. 7 ; 1967 Sch. 6.
1958 Sch. 2 para. 8 ; 1967 Sch. 6; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 9 .
73
1958 Sch . 1 .
74 ( 1)
( 2 )
1958 s . 6 (1) ; 1967 Sch. 6.
1958 s . 6(2 ) .
75 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1958 s . 21 , Sch. 2 para. 9; 1967 Sch. 6.
1958 s . 23 ; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 5.
76 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1958 s . 22; Decimal Currency Act 1969 s. 10.
1967 s. 85(1) ; 1973 s . 52(8).
77
1973 s. 49.
78
1973 s . 32(1 ) , (2) and (4).
2H
xxxiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT -cont.
Section of
new Act Derivation
79 80 81 82
83
84
85( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
86 87 88 89 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) (7 ) ( 8 ) 90
1967 s . 89(1) ; 1973 s. 52(7) .
1967 s. 88; 1973 s. 52(7 ) .
1967 s . 91 ; 1973 s. 52(7 ) .
1967 s. 90; 1973 s . 52(7) .
1967 s . 59(2) to (9) ; the Hovercraft (Application of Enactments)
Order 1972 Art. 7 (S.I. 1972/971) .
1967 s. 94; 1973 s . 55( 3), Sch. 1 para. 13 ; the Hovercraft (Applica-
tion of Enactments) Order 1972 Art. 7 (S.I. 1972/971 ) .
1958 s. 33(1); 1967 ss. 70(2) , 102, Sch. 5; 1973 s. 55(1 ) , (3), (4),
Sch. 1 para. 8 ; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 Sch. 5 ;
the Hovercraft (Application of Enactments) Order 1972 Arts. 2,
3 and 7 (S.I. 1972/971 ) .
1973 s. 55( 2 ) .
1967 s . 102(3) ; 1973 s. 55( 3).
1958 s. 33(6 ) ; 1973 s. 55(3) .
1958 s . 34(1 ) to (3) ; 1973 s. 53.
1967 s. 98 ; 1973 Sch. 1 para. 14.
1958 s . 36(4) , (5) ; 1973 s. 54(5), (6 ) , (7) .
1973 s. 54( 4).
1973 s . 57(5 ) (part) .
1973 s . 57(4) (part ) .
1973 s . 52(8) .
1973 s. 57(3) .
1973 s . 57(5) (part).
1973 s . 57(7) .
1973 s . 57(8).
Sch. 1
Sch. 2-
1973 ss. 52(7) , 55(4) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations XXXV
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT 1974 (с. 49 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
Note: The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page xxx
above.
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 72 )
Companies to which Act applies. 12 12 ( 1)
( 2 )
Rep. in part 1967 s. 70(1).
Rep. in part 1971 Sch. 9;
1967 Sch. 7.
12 ( 3 )
Inserted 1974 Sch. 3 para. 7.
12 ( 4 )
Am. 1967 Sch. 6.
13
Substituted 1967 s . 71 (1) .
14 ( 1), ( 4) Rep. in part 1967 Sch. 8 Part
VI; am. 1967 s. 78 and
1973 s. 3 , Sch. 1 para. 1 .
14(2 ) , (4) Am. 1973 s. 3.
74 Am. 1967 Sch. 6.
1 ( 1 )
( 5 ) ( 5A ) ( 6 ) 4 ( 1) - ( 4 ) Annual accounts and balance sheets . 5 ( 1 ) Periodic investigation by actuary.
( 2 ) 6 Statement by Committee of Lloyd's
etc.
7(1) Statements of business. 16 Substituted 1967 s. 74.
8(1) Deposit of accounts etc. with Secre- 18(1), (3) Am. 1967 s. 75(1) and 1973
tary of State. s. 4; rep . in part 1973 Sch.
2 .
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 6 )
18(5)
18 ( 6 )
19 (1 )
Substituted 1973 Sch. 1 para.
2 .
9 Audit of accounts . 17
11 Amalgamations and transfers .-
12
Substituted 1967 s. 72(1 ) .
Rep . (prospectively ) 1973
s. 57(4), Sch. 2.
Rep. ( prospectively ) 1973
s. 57( 4), Sch. 2.
13(1 ) Margin of solvency for general
business.
44 ( 1 )
Substituted 1967 s. 79(1) ;
am. 1973 s . 28( 6 ), Sch. 1
para. 3.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 15 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
Winding up.
44 ( 2 )
Rep. in part 1967 Sch. 6;
44 ( 5 )
am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 3.
44 (6 ) Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 3 .
45
46 (1)
Rep. in part 1973 Sch. 2.
Substituted 1967 s. 81; am.
1973 s . 29(2) .
16 Subsidiary companies . 49
xxxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT 1958 -continued
17(1) Supplemental provisions as to
46 ( 2 )
winding up.
( 2 )
( 3 )
18 Reduction of contracts as alternative
50
to winding up .
21 Industrial assurance companies etc. 72, 75
22 Unregistered companies. 76 ( 1)
23 Overseas companies . 75 ( 2 )
24 Capital redemption business . 70
25 Advertisements.
Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 4.
Rep. ( prospectively ) 1973
s. 57(5), Sch. 2.
Rep. ( prospectively ) 1973
s. 57( 5), Sch . 2.
Rep. in part 1967 Sch. 8
Part VI.
29 Service of notices . 60 ( 1 )
32 (1) Expenses.-
33( 1 ) Interpretation.
1 ( 2 ),
85( 1)
Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 5.
Am. 1967 Sch. 6.
Rep. ( prospectively ) 1973
s . 57(6) , Sch. 2.
Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 6.
Unnecessary.
Rep. in part 1967 Sch. 8 Part
VI, Incomeand Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 ( c. 10 ) Sch.
16, 1973 Sch. 2; am. 1967
Sch. 5, 1973 Sch. 1 para. 8.
Spent.
Spent.
( 6 )
85( 4)
36(2) and Repeals and revocations .
( 3 )
37( 2) Commencement of 1958.-
Sch. 1 Lloyd's underwriters etc. 73
Sch. 2 Industrial assurance business .
para.
6 ( 1 ) 72 (1)
( 3 ) 72 ( 9)
( 4 ) 72 ( 9)
para. 7 72 (10)
para. 8 72 (11)
para. 9 Companies established outside Great
Britain.
75 ( 1)
Sch. 3 Valuation of policies and liabilities . Sch. 4 Liquidator's duties as to valuation
of liabilities . Sch . 5 Amendments and repeals . Am. 1967 Sch. 6.
Am. 1967 Sch. 6, 1973 Sch . 1
para. 9.
Am. 1967 Sch. 6; rep. in part
1967 Sch. 8 Part VI.
Rep. ( prospectively) 1973
s. 57(5), Sch. 2.
Rep. ( prospectively) 1973
s. 57(5), Sch. 2.
Spent.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxxvii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act
58 THE COMPANIES ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 81)
Meaning of "the principal Act " .- -
59(1 ) Relevant classes of insurance busi-
ness and definitions .
1( 1 )
( 2 ) - (9)
83
60 ( 1 ) Restriction on carrying on insurance
business.
2 ( 1 )
( 2 ) 2 ( 2 )
( 4 ) 11( 1), ( 3)
61 Authorisations . 3
62 ( 1 ) GEON
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) Margin of solvency and share capital 4(1 ), 5
required for authorisation.
4 ( 2 )
4 ( 3 )
4 ( 4 )
( 5 ) 8(1), (2)
63 Reinsurance arrangements required 6
for authorisation.
67 Companies with restricted business. 8( 2), (3) 69 Termination of authorisation. 9
70 ( 1)
( 2 ) Alteration of scope of 1958.-
Meaning of "ordinary long- term 85(1)
insurance business" in 1958.
71( 1) ( 2 )
Substitutes new s . 4 of 1958 .
13
18(7 )
72 (1 ) Substitutes new s. 9 of 1958 . 17
73 Power to vary financial year. 59, 72( 8)
74 Substitutes new s . 7 of 1958 . 16
75 ( 1) Amends s . 8(1) of 1958. 18( 3 )
76 (1) Dispensation from obligation to send
documents to shareholders etc. 19(2 ),
72 ( 4 )
( 3 ) 19( 2),
72 ( 4 )
77 Deposit of documents by registered
society.
20
78 79 (1) Amends s . 5(1)(a) of 1958 . Substitutes new s. 13(1) of 1958 . 14 ( 1)
44 ( 1 )
81 Substitutes new s. 15( 2) of 1958 . 46 ( 1)
82 Notification of change of officers or
control of company.
Remarks
Unnecessary.
Am. 1973 s . 55(5) ; 1974
Sch. 3 para. 12; rep. in part
1971 Sch. 9, 1973 Sch. 2.
Am. 1973 s . 55(5 ); rep. in
part 1973 Sch. 2.
Am. 1973 s. 52(8) .
Am. 1973 s . 55( 5 ) .
Am. 1973 s . 55(5).
Am. 1973 s. 55(5) .
Am. 1973 s. 55( 5 ).
Am. 1973 s. 55( 5 ) .
Spent.
Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 11 .
Am. 1973 s. 28( 6 ), Sch. 1
para. 3.
Am. 1973 s. 29(2).
Rep. (prospectively ) 1973
s . 57(7) , Sch. 2.
xxxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
83 THE COMPANIES ACT 1967-continued
Notification of change of control .
Rep. ( prospectively ) 1973
s. 57( 7), Sch. 2.
84 ( 1) ( a ) False information.
( 2 )
11 ( 2 )
Rep. in part 1973 Sch. 2.
61(1)(c)(i) Rep. in part 1973 Sch. 2;
am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 12.
11( 2 ), Am. 1973 s . 52( 8).
61 ( 2 )
85 (1) Penalties.
61 ( 3), Am. 1973 s . 52(8) .
71 ( 2),
76 ( 2 )
88 Proceedings against unincorporated
80
bodies.
94 Insurance business of one class inci-
dental to insurance business of
different class .
84 Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 13.
95 Exception for bankers. 2 (3), 12( 5)
97 References to Acts relating to friendly
societies to include Northern Ireland
enactments.
2( 4) , 12(6 ) Am. Northern Ireland Con-
stitution Act 1973 Sch. 5.
98 Annual report by Secretary of State. 87 Am. 1973 Sch. 1 para. 14.
100 Repeals in Industrial Assurance Act Spent.
1923.
101 Interpretation. Unnecessary.
102 ( 1) General interpretation . 85(1)
( 2 ) Definitions of "registered society" 85( 1 )
and " subsidiary" .
104 Saving for pre- 1967 liabilities . 11 ( 4 ) Am. 1973 s. 55(5) .
111(1)(a ) Reference to 1958.
Unnecessary.
130 ( 3) Citation of 1958 and 1967.
Sch. 5 Amends s . 33 of 1958.
Unnecessary.
1( 2), 85( 1 ) Rep. in part 1973 Sch. 2.
Sch. 6, Amends-
Part I s. 1 of 1958 .
s. 6 of 1958 .
s. 13 of 1958.
s. 21 of 1958 .
s. 24 of 1958 .
s. 32 of 1958 . Sch . 2 para. 7 . Sch. 2 para. 8 . Sch. 2 para. 9 . Sch. 8, Repeals in 1958. PartVI
12 ( 4 )
74 (1 )
70
44 Unnecessary.
Unnecessary.
72 (10 )
72 (11)
75 ( 1)
Spent.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xxxix
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AMENDMENT ACT 1973
( 1973 с. 58 )
1(1 ) Margin of solvency and minimum 10 ( 1 )
share capital required for authorisa-
tion.
( 2 ) ( 3) ( 4 ) 10 ( 2 )
4 ( 5 )
4 ( 6 )
2 No authorisation for insurance com-
pany under control etc. of unfit
person.
7
3 ( 1 ) Periodic actuarial investigation of
company with long term business. ( 2) 14(1 ), (2)
14 ( 4 )
( 3 ) 14 ( 3 )
( 4 ) 14 ( 1 )
( 5 15 (1) Partspent.
15( 2)
4 ( 1 ) Deposit of documents with Secretary 18(1), ( 4)
of State.
( 3 )
18 ( 2 )
18(1), (2 )
18( 3) Spent.
19 ( 1 )
21
5 Periodic statements by company with
prescribed class of business .
6 Statements of transactions of pre-
scribed class or description .
22
7 Separation of assets and liabilities 23
attributable to long term business .
8 Application of assets of company
with long term business.
24
9 Allocations to policy holders. 25
10 Restriction on transactions with
26
connected persons.
11 Avoidance of contracts for unlimited
amounts.
27
12 Grounds on which powers of inter-
vention are exercisable.
28
13 Restrictions on new business. 29
14 Requirements about investments . 30
15 Maintenance of assets in United
31
Kingdom.
16 Custody of assets . 32
17 Limitation of premium income. 33
xl Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AMENDMENT ACT 1973-continued
18 Actuarial investigations . 34
19 Acceleration of information required 35
by accounting provisions .
20 Power to obtain information and
36
require production of documents .
21 Residual power to impose require- 37
ments for protection of policy
holders.
22 Notice of proposed exercise of power 38, 60(2)
under s . 13 .
23 Notice of proposed exercise of powers 39, 60(2)
on ground of unfitness of director
or manager .
24 Rescission , variation and publication
of requirements.
40
25 Power of Secretary of State to bring
civil proceedings on behalf of insur-
ance company.
41
26 Sanction of court for transfers of
long term business.
42
27 Provisions supplementary to s. 26. 43
28(1 ) Margin of solvency for general
58( 1)
business.
( 2 ) 58( 2)
( 3 ) 58( 3)
( 4 ) 44 ( 3 )
( 5 ) 44 ( 4 )
( 6 ) 44 (1 )
29 ( 1 ) ( 2) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) Winding up of insurance companies :
general provisions .
46 ( 3 )
45 , 46 (1)
46 ( 4 )
51 (1 )
30 (1 ) Winding up of insurance companies
with long term business .
47 (1 )
( 2 ) ( 4 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) 47 ( 2 )
( 3 ) 47 (3)
47 ( 4 )
( 5 ) 51(2 )
47 ( 5 )
47 (6 )
31 48
Continuation of long term business
of insurance company.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xli
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AMENDMENT ACT 1973-continued
32 ( 1 )
Power to make valuation regulations . 78( 1 )
( 2 ) 78( 2 )
( 3 ) 4 (5),
31( 7),
44 ( 3 )
( 4 ) 78 ( 3 )
33 Approval of proposed managing
director or chief executive of insur- 52, 60(2)
ance company.
34 Approval of person proposing to 53, 60( 2)
become controller of insurance com-
pany where s. 33 does not apply.
35 Duty to notify change of director,
controller or manager.
54
36 Documents deposited with Secretary
ofState.
55
37 Treatment of certain business as or 56
as not being ordinary long-term
insurance business .
38 Power to modify Acts in relation to
particular companies.
39 ( 1 ) Application of Acts in relation to
industrial assurance business .
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 57
72 ( 2 )
72 ( 3)
72 ( 5)
72 (6 )
( 5 ) 72 (7)
40 Application of Acts to organisations
of workers or employers.
- Rep. 1974 Sch. 4.
41 Insurance advertisements. 62
42 Misleading statements 63
43 Intermediaries in insurance trans-
actions.
64
44 Statutory notice by insurer in relation
to long term policy
65
45 Right to withdraw from transaction
in respect of long term policy.
66
46 Service of notice of cancellation. 67
47 Linked long term policies . 68
48 Scope of Prevention of Fraud (Invest-
ments) Act 1958.
69
49 Validation of formation of certain
pre- 1967 insurance companies.
77
xlii Section
of Act Subject Matter
Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
52 (1 )
( 2 )
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AMENDMENT ACT 1973-continued
Offences and penalties.
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
-
( 8 ) 11( 3),
53(1)
( 2 ) Regulations and orders . 61( 1 )
61 (2 ),
71 (1 )
61( 3),
71( 2 )
61 ( 4),
72 (5 )
61(5 )
61(6 )
79, 80,
81 , 82,
Sch. 1
61(2), (3),
71(2),
76 (2),
89 ( 4 )
86(2), ( 3)
86 ( 1 )
54( 2) Functions of Board of Trade.-
See Note 2 to Table of
Derivations on p. xxx above.
( 3 )
Spent.
( 4 ) 89 ( 1 )
( 5 ) 88(3)
( 6 ) 88( 3)
( 7 ) 88( 3)
( 8 )- Unnecessary.
55 (1) Interpretation.
85 (1)
( 2 )
85 (2 )
( 3 )
84 , 85
( 4 )
85 (1 )
( 5 )
2 to 9,
11(4 ),
28( 4 )
57( 2)
Collective citation.
( 3 )
Commencement. Unnecessary.
89( 5 )
( 4 ) 89 (3) Part spent .
( 5 ) 89(2), (6)
( 6 ) Unnecessary.
( 7 ) 89(7)
( 8) 89 ( 9)
Sch. 1
para. 1 Amends s. 5(1) of 1958. 14 ( 1 )
2 Amends s. 8(1) and (6) of 1958 . 18(1), 19(1)
3 Amends s. 13( 1), (2) and (4) of 1958. 44
4 Amends s. 17( 1) of 1958 . 46( 2)
5 Amends s. 23 of 1958. 75 ( 2 )
6 Amends s. 29 of 1958 . 60 ( 1 )
7 Amends s. 32( 1 ) of 1958. Unnecessary.
8 Amends s . 33( 1) of 1958 . 85 (1)
9 Amends para. 8 of Sch. 2 to 1958 . 72 (11 )
10 Amends s. 61(2 ) of 1967. Unnecessary.
11 Amends s. 77( 1) of 1967 . 20 ( 1)
12 Amends s . 84( 1 ) (b) (i) of 1967. 61 (1)(c)(i)
13 Amends s. 94( 4) of 1967. 84
14 Amends s. 98 of 1967 . 87
Sch. 2 Repeals. Spent.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xliii
THE JURIES ACT 1974 ( с. 23)
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table: -
1870 The Juries Act 1870
( 33 & 34 Vict. c. 77 )
1948 = The Criminal Justice Act 1948
( 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58)
1949 = The Juries Act 1949
( 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 27)
1959 = The County Courts Act 1959
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22)
1965 = The Criminal Justice Act 1965
( 1965 с. 26 )
1967 = The Criminal Justice Act 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
1971 - The Courts Act 1971
1972 ( 1971 с. 23 )
The Criminal Justice Act 1972
( 1972 с. 71)
M followed by a number indicates an amendment proposed in the Memorandum
under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act 1949.
Section of
new Act
Derivation
1 1972 s . 25(1) .
2 ( 1 ) 1971 s. 31(1) .
( 2 ) 1971 s . 31(2 ).
( 3 ) 1971 s . 31(3).
( 4 ) 1971 s . 31(4) ; 1972 Sch. 5.
( 5 ) 1972 s . 25(3 ) ; M1 .
( 6 ) 1971 s. 31(5).
3 ( 1) 1972 s . 26(2) .
( 2 ) 1972 s . 26(3) .
( 3 ) 1972 s. 26(1 ) .
4 1971 s . 31(6 ) .
5 1971 s. 32 .
6 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1971 s . 33(1) ; 1972 Sch. 5.
1971 s . 33( 2 ) .
7 1971 s . 34(1) .
8 1971 ss . 37 and 57( 5) .
9 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1972 s . 25(2) .
1971 s . 34(2) ; 1972 Sch. 5.
1971 s. 34 (3) .
1971 s. 34 ( 4) .
10 1972 s . 25( 4) .
11(1) 1971 s. 35(1) .
( 2 ) 1971 s. 35(2 ) .
( 3 ) 1971 s. 35(3) .
( 4 ) 1971 s . 35( 4 ).
( 5 ) 1971 s. 35( 5 ) .
( 6 ) 1971 s. 35(6 ) .
xliv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
JURIES ACT -cont.
Section of Derivation
newAct
12 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1948 s . 35(1 ), (2) ; М2.
1959 s. 96(2) .
1971 s . 33(2) , 35(1 ) .
1972 s. 25(6).
1971 Sch. 4 para. 3(2) ; 1972 Sch. 5 .
1971 Sch. 4 para. 3( 1) .
13 1948 s. 35(4) ; М2.
14 1971 Sch . 4 para. 5.
15 1870 s. 23.
16 1965 s. 1 .
17 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 1967 s. 13( 1) ; 1971 s. 39(1).
1971 s . 39( 2) .
1967 s. 13( 2) .
1967 s. 13(3) ; 1971 s. 39( 3) .
1971 s. 39( 4 ) .
18 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 19(1)
1971 s . 40(2) .
1971 s. 40 (3).
1971 s. 40 ( 4 ).
1949 s . 1 (1 ) ; 1972 s . 27; Social Security Act 1973 c. 38 Sch. 27
para. 13.
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 5 )
6 )
1971 s. 36(1), (3).
1949 s. 1 (2), ( 4) ; 1971 s . 36(2) ; Minister for the Civil Service Order
1971 (S.I. 1971/2099) Article 2(1)(c) .
1949 s. 13 .
1949 s. 14( b) ; Interpretation Act 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. s. 38.
20(1) 1971 s. 38(1) .
( 2 ) 1971 s . 38(2) .
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1971 s . 38(3) .
1971 s . 38(4) .
( 5 ) 1972 s . 25(5) .
21 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 )
( 7
1971 Sch. 4 para. 6.
1971 Sch. 4 para. 7(1 ) ; M3.
1971 s . 57(5), Sch. 4 para. 6, 7(1), ( 3) .
1971 Sch. 4 para. 4.
1971 s . 40 (5) .
1971 Sch. 4 para. 6, 7(1) ; 1972 s. 25(7), Sch. 5 ; M3 .
22
23 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1971 s. 40(6 ) .
1870 s . 2; 1948 ss. 81 and 82; 1949 s. 23; 1959 s . 208( 2); 1965
s. 2( 3); 1967 s . 106(2), ( 3) ; 1971 s. 59(5), (6 ) ; 1972 s. 66(7).
Sch. 1
1972 Sch . 2; Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 c. 36 ss. 32(1)
and 40(1) , Sch. 5 para. 4; Powers of Criminal Courts Act
1973 c. 62 Sch. 5 para. 48 .
Section of
newAct
Sch. 2(a ) ( b )
( c ) ( d ) Tables of Derivations and Destinations JURIES ACT -cont.
xlv
Derivation
1870 s. 20.
1949 s. 1 (1 ), (2 ); 1971 s . 36 ( 4 ); 1972 s. 27; Social Security Act
1973 c. 38 Sch. 27 para. 13 ; Minister for the Civil Service Order
1971 ( S.I. 1971/2099) Article 2(1)(c) .1949 s. 10 (2) .
1949 s. 14 ( a).
xlvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE JURIES ACT 1974 ( с. 23)
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
The abbreviations used in this Table are set on page xliii above.
Section
of Act Subject matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE JURIES ACT 1870
( 33 & 34 Vict. c. 77 )
Commencement. Repealed Statute Law Revision
( No. 2 ) Act 1893, 56 & 57
Vict. c. 54.
Preamble
and 1
2 Application. 23 ( 4 )
3 Short title.
4-5 Construction, repeal and defini-
tion.
6 Qualification of special jurors .- 7-10 Qualifications , exemption and
disqualifications .
11-15 Provisions as to lists of jurors
and jurors book.
-
16 Provision of special juries for
London and Middlesex.
17 Abolition of then existing
practice of nominating special
juries in London and Middle-
sex.
-
18 Mode of obtaining special jury
in London and Middlesex .
19 Summoning of jurors .
-
20 Jurors entitled to six days notice. Sch. 2
para. ( a )
21 Sheriff to make regulations as to
attendance.
-
22 Payment of jurors.
- Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
Repealed Juries Act 1922, 12 &
13 Geo. 5. c. 11 Sch.
Repealed 1949 Sch. 2 Pt. II.
Repealed Juries Act 1922, 12 &
13 Geo. 5. c. 11 Sch.
23 Jurors to be allowed refreshment. 15
24 25 Schedule Rules for carrying out the Act.-
Jury lists in City of London.-
Persons exempt from serving on
juries.
-
Repealed 1949 Sch. 2 Pt. III.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed except as respects
service at a coroner's court
1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed An Act to repeal
section Twenty -two of the
Juries Act 1870, 34 & 35
Vict. c. 2.
Repealed in part 1971 Sch. 11
Pt. I.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xlvii
Section
of Act Subject matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1948
( 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58 )
Challenge of jurors and separa-
12(1) (a) tionofjuries.
12(1)(b) -
Repealed in part Criminal Law
Act 1967 ( c. 58) Sch. 3
Pt. III.
Repealed in part 1971 Sch. 11
Pt. IV.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pts. I
and IV.
13
THE JURIES ACT 1949
( 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 27)
Payments in respect of jury
19 ( 1),
service.
Sch. 2
para. ( b)
19 ( 4 ),
Sch. 2
para. (b )
Substituted 1972 s. 27.
19 ( 4 )
35 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) 3 ( 4 )
2-9
Various provisions relating to
payments in respect of jury
service.
10 ( 1 )
Consequential amendments as
to coroners .
( 2 ) Sch. 2
para. ( c )
11 Reimbursement of sheriffs etc.-
12 Consequential amendments of
Lands Clauses Consolidation
Act 1845 .
13 Abolition of other rights to
payment.
Exclusion of certain juries.
19 ( 5 )
14 ( a ) ( b )
Sch. 2
para. ( d )
19 ( 6 )
( c ) ( d )
15 Expenses of councils.
16 Operation of foregoing sections .
-
17 Fees in county court for jury
trials.
-
18-19 Abolition of special juries , with
saving for City of London.
Unnecessary.
Amended 1971 s. 36(2) ; Minis-
ter for the Civil Service Order
1971 ( S.I. 1971/2099) .
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Spent.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed Compulsory Purchase
Act 1965 (c. 56 ) Sch. 8
Pt. III .
Coinage Act 1870 repealed and
replaced by Coinage Act 1971
( c. 24 ).
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
Unnecessary.
Spent.
Repealed 1959 Sch. 3 .
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
xlviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE JURIES ACT 1949 -continued
20 Discontinuance of terms
"common jury" and "common
juror ".
Spent.
21 Repeal of Special Juries Act
1898.
Repealed Statute Law Revision
Act 1953, 2 Eliz. 2. c. 5.
22 Interpretation of Part I.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
23 Extent of Part I. 23 ( 4 )
35(1) ( 2 )
( 3 )
Short title, citation and repeal .
Not repealed by this Act.
Spent.
Not repealed by this Act.
THE COUNTY COURTS Аст 1959
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22)
and
96 ( 1) Impanelling, swearing
verdict of jury.
Not repealed by this Act.
( 2 )
( 3 )
12 ( 2 )
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Pt. I.
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1965
( 1965 с. 26 )
1 Continuation of criminal trial
16
on death or discharge of juror.
2 ( 1 ) Short title, commencement,
extent and repeal .
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
23 ( 4 )
13 ( 1 )
Majority verdicts in criminal
proceedings.
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
17(1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
17 ( 3)
17( 4)
31 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) Summoning of jurors .
THE COURTS ACT 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
2 ( 1 )
2 ( 2 )
2 ( 3 ) Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6
( 4 ) ( 5 ) Pt. I.
2 ( 4 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 5.
2 ( 6 )
( 6 ) 4
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
32 Panels ofjurors. 5
33 ( 1 ) Summoning in
circumstances .
exceptional 6 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 5.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 6( 2), 12(3)
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations xlix
Section
of Act Subject matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE COURTS ACT 1971 -continued
34 (1) Attendance and service, and
7
excusals.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 9 ( 2 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 5.
9 ( 3 )
9 ( 4 )
35 (1) The ballot, and swearing of
jurors.
11(1 ),
12 ( 3 )
11( 2 )
( 3 ) 11 ( 3 )
( 4 ) 11 ( 4 )
( 5 ) 11( 5 )
( 6 ) 11(6 )
(7) Spent.
36 ( 1) Payments in respect of jury
service.
19 ( 3)
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 19 ( 4 )
19 ( 3 )
Sch. 2 para. (b ) Amended Minister for the Civil
Service Order 1971 (S.I. 1971/
2099 ) .
( 5 ) Unnecessary.
37 Exemption for previous jury
8
service.
38 ( 1 ) Offences. 20 ( 1 )
( 2 ) 20 (2)
( 3 ) = 20 (3)
( 4 ) 20 ( 4 )
39 ( 1 ) Majority verdicts : civil pro-
ceedings. 17 ( 1)
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 17 ( 2 )
17 ( 4 )
17 (5 )
40 (1) Abolition of special juries and Spent.
provisions.
( 2 ) 18 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 5.
( 3 ) 18( 2 )
( 4 ) 18 ( 3)
( 5 ) 21 ( 5 )
( 6 ) 23 (1 )
( 7 )
Schedule 4 Juries: Consequential and
Transitional Provisions .
paras. 1-2
- Repealed 1972 Sch. 6 Pt. I.
рага. 3(1)
( 2 )
12 ( 6 )
12 ( 5 ) Substituted 1972 Sch. 5.
para. 4
- 21 ( 4 ) Partly spent.
para. 5
14
para. 6
-
21(1)( 3)
1 Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act
Subject matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE COURTS ACT 1971-continued
21( 2)(3 )
para. 7 ( 1 ) ( 2 )
The duty imposed by this pro-
vision has now been complied
with.
( 3 )
21( 3)
THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 71 )
25( 1 ) Qualification for jury service . 1
( 2 ) 9 ( 1 )
( 3 ) 2 ( 5 )
( 4 ) 10
( 5 ) 20 (5 )
( 6 ) 12 ( 4 )
( 7 )
( 8 )
Unnecessary.
Spent.
26 (1) Electoral register as basis of jury
selection. 3( 3)
( 2 ) ( 3) 3 (1 )
3 ( 2 )
27 Payments in respect of jury
service.
19 ( 1),
Sch . 2
para. ( b)
Schedule 2 Ineligibility and disqualification Schedule 1
for, and excusal from, jury
service.
Adapted Northern Ireland Con-
stitution Act 1973 c. 36 Sch. 5
para. 4; amended Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 c.
62 Sch . 5 paга. 48.
Schedule 5 Minor and Consequential
Amendments.
Entries
relatingto
Courts
Act 1971
para. ( a)
para. ( b )
para. (c )
para. ( d )
para. (e )
2 ( 4 )
6 (1 )
9 ( 2 )
19 ( 1)
12 ( 5 )
21(1)(6)
Sch. 5 Consequential Amendments.
para. 48
THE POWERS OF CRIMINAL COURTS ACT 1973
( 1973 с. 62 )
Schedule 1
PartI
Group B
Tables of Derivations and Destinations li
THE LEGAL AID ACT 1974 (с. 4 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table :-
1949 = The Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949
( 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 51)
1960 = The Legal Aid Act 1960
( 8& 9 Eliz. 2. c. 28 )
1964 = The Legal Aid Act 1964
( 1964 с. 30 )
1967 = The Criminal Justice Act 1967
( 1967 с. 80 )
1969 - The Children and Young Persons Act 1969
( 1969 с. 54 )
1970 The Administration of Justice Act 1970
( 1970 с. 31)
1971 = The Courts Act 1971
( 1971 с. 23)
1972= The Legal Advice and Assistance Act 1972
( 1972 с. 50 )
S.I. 1969/921 = The Legal Aid (Extension of Proceedings) Regulations 1969
S.I. 1970/761 = The Legal Aid (Extension of Proceedings) Regulations 1970
S.I. 1971/62 = The Legal Aid (General) Regulations 1971
S.I. 1971/1904 = The Legal Aid (Extension of Proceedings) Regulations 1971
S.I. 1972/1973 = The Legal Aid (Extension of Proceedings) Regulations 1972
S.I. 1972/1974 =
The Legal Aid (Financial Conditions) Regulations 1972
S.I. 1973/535 =
The Legal Advice and Assistance (Financial Conditions)
Regulations 1973
S.I. 1973/1716 =
S.I. 1973/1782 =
S.I. 1973/1783 =
The Legal Advice and Assistance (Financial Conditions) (No. 3)
Regulations 1973
The Legal Aid (Financial Conditions) Regulations 1973
The Legal Advice and Assistance (Financial Conditions) (No. 2 )
Regulations 1973
Section of Derivation
new Act
1 1972 s. 1 ; S.I. 1973/535 ; S.I. 1973/1783.
2( 1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 1972 s. 2 (1) .
1972 s. 2( 2 ) .
1972 s . 2( 234 2(3)( 4).
1949 s. 1(7 ) ; 1972 s. 6(1).
1972 s. 2(6 ) .
3(1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) - (5 )
1972 s. 3( 1 ) (2) .
1972 s. 3( 2).
1972 s . 3(3)- (5).
4 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3)
( 4 )
1972 s. 4 (1).
1972 s . 4(2)(3) , Sch . 1 ; S.I. 1973/1716.
1972 s. 4 ( 4 ).
5
1972 s . 5(1)- ( 6).
6
1949 s. 2(1 ) ; 1960 s. 1 (1) ; S.I. 1972/1974; S.I. 1973/1782.
7 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) - (6 )
8 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1949 s . 1 ( 1) (2) ; 1967 Sch. 6 para. 7.
1949 s. 1(3).
1949 s. 1(4).
1949 s . 1 (5) - ( 7 ) .
1949 s. 2(2).
1972 s. 8(3).
1949 s. 2(3)( 4) .
lii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
LEGAL AID ACT -cont.
Section of
new Act
Derivation
9( 1)( 2)
( 3 )
( 4 ) - ( 8)
( 9 )
1949 s. 3(1 ) ; 1960 s. 1(2) ; S.I. 1972/1974 ; S.I. 1973/1782.
1960 s. 1( 4 ).
1949 s . 3(2)- (6) .
1949 s . 3(7) ; 1972 Sch. 2.
10 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1949 s. 6(5) ; 1972 Sch. 2.
1949 s . 6(6 ) ; Matrimonial Causes Act 1967 (c. 56 ) s . 9.
1972 s . 9(2) .
1949 s. 6( 9) ; 1972 Sch . 2.
11( 1) - (4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )
( 8 ) 1949 s . 4(1 ) -(4) ; 1972 s. 6(1).
1972 s . 6(3) .
1949 s . 4(5) ; Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 (c. 20) Sch. 6
para. 12.
1949 s . 4(6) ; Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 ( c. 20 ) Sch. 6
para. 12.
1949 s . 4(8) ; 1972 s . 6( 1 )(3) .
12(1 ) - (6 )
( 7 )
1949 s . 6(1) -(4) ; 1972 s . 6(1) .
1949 s. 6 ( 8) .
13 1964 s. 1 .
14 ( 1)
( 2 )
( 3) - (5) 1964 s. 2(1) .
1964 s . 2(2) ; 1971 Sch. 8 рага. 2.
1964 s . 2(3)-( 5) .
15 ( 1 )
( 2 ) - (9)
1949 s. 8( 1 ) ; 1972 s . 6(1 ), Sch . 2.
1949 s . 8( 2) -( 9) ; 1972 s. 6( 1 ).
16(1) ( 2) - (5 ) ( 6 ) 1972 s . 8(1) .
1972 s . 7( 1)-(4) .
1972 s . 10.
17 (1 )
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
( 5) - ( 8)
( 9)
1949 s. 9(1 ) ; 1972 s . 6(2 ) .
1949 s . 9(2) - (4)(10) ; 1972 ss. 6(2), 9( 1), Sch. 2.
1949 s . 9(5) -(9) .
1960 s . 4; 1972 Sch . 2 .
18
1949 s. 10.
19
1949 s . 11 ; Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11) s. 18(1 ) ; 1972 ss. 6( 2),
8( 4).
20 (1)
( 2 )(3)
( 4 )
( 5 ) ( 6 )
( 7 )
( 8 )
( 9 )
1949 s . 12(1) ; 1972 s . 6( 1)( 3).
1949 s . 12(2)(3) ; 1972 s. 6(1) .
1972 s. 6(3) .
1949 s. 17(4) .
1949 s. 12(4) ; 1972 s . 6( 1) .
1949 s. 12(5) ; 1960 s. 1(3) ; 1972 s . 11 (2) .
1949 s. 1( 4) ; 1960 s. 1(3) ; 1972 s . 11 (2) .
1949 s. 12( 6 ) ; 1972 s . 6(1) .
21
1949 s. 13 ; Minister for the Civil Service Order 1968 (S.I. 1968/
1656) ; 1972 s . 6(1) .
22
1949 s . 14; 1972 s . 6(1) .
23 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
1949 s. 15(1) ; 1972 s . 6(1 ) .
1949 s. 15(2) ; Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 ( c. 55 ) s. 132(3) ;
1972 s. 6(1) .
1949 s . 15(3) ; County Courts Act 1959 (c. 22) s . 205(5); 1972 s . 6( 1).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations LEGAL AID ACT-cont.
liii
Section of
newAct Derivation
24 (1) ( 6 ) - (5)
1949 s. 16 (6 ) .
1949 s. 16( 1 )- ( 5) ; 1972 s. 6( 1 ) .
25 1949 s. 17(1) ; 1972 s. 11 (1 ), Sch. 2.
26 1949 s. 17(3) .
27 1949 s. 25.
28( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 )
(9)(10)
( 11 )
( 12 )
29(1) - ( 4)
( 5 )
( 6 )
30 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
(7) - ( 11)
( 12 )
31
32 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
33( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3)
34 (1 )
( 2 )
35(1) - (3)
( 4 )
(5 )(6 )
( 7 ) ( 8 ) 36 (1)
( 2 )
37 ( 1)
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
1967 s . 73( 1 ) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
1967 s . 73(2); 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1
1967 s . 73(3A) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
1967 s . 73(8A) ; Criminal Justice Act 1972 (c. 71 ) Sch. 5 ; Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 (c. 62) Sch. 5 para. 23 .
1967 s . 73(B) ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 48.
1967 s . 73(B) ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 48.
1967 s. 73( 4).
1967 s. 73(5) ; Criminal Justice Act 1972 (c. 71) s. 38.
1967 s . 73( 6)(7) .
1967 s . 73(8); 1971 Sch. 8 para. 48 .
1967 s. 73( 9) .
1967 s . 75( 1 )-(4).
1967 s . 75(4A) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 3.
1967 s. 75(5).
1967 s . 74( 1 ).
1967 s . 74(2) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2.
1967 s. 74(3) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 48, рага. 56.
1967 s. 74( 4) .
1967 s . 74(5) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2.
1967 s . 74(6) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 48.
1967 s . 74( 7)- ( 11) .
1967 s . 74(12) ; Criminal Justice Act 1972 (c . 71) Sch. 5 ; Powers of
Criminal Courts Act 1973 (c. 62) Sch. 5 para. 24.
1967 s. 80.
1967 s . 76( 1 )(2) ; 1970 s. 43(1).
1969 s . 76(1A) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 4.
1967 s . 76(3).
1967 s . 76(4)(5) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 4; 1970 s. 43(10) ; 1971 Sch. 8
para. 48, Sch. 11 .
1970 s . 43(1 ) ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 60.
1967 s. 77(1) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 5, Sch. 6.
1967 s. 77(2)(3 ) .
1967 s. 78(1 ) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 6.
1967 s . 78(2); Family Law Reform Act 1969 ( c. 46 ) s. 12.
1970 s . 43(2) - (4) .
1970 s . 43(5) ; Armed Forces Act 1971 (c. 33) Sch. 4, Pt. II .
1970 s . 43(7)(8) .
1967 s . 79(8).
1970 s . 43( 9).
1967 s . 79(1).
1967 s . 79(2); 1969 Sch. 1 , para. 7.
1967 s . 81 (1) ; 1971 Sch. 6 pага. 10.
1967 ss . 81 (2)-(4).
1967 s. 101 .
liv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
LEGAL AID ACT-cont.
Section of
new Act
Derivation
38(1 ) - (5)
( 6 )
1967 s . 82.
1967 s. 100 (1).
39 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )( 4 )
( 5 )
1967 s. 83( 1) ; 1970 s . 43(1).
1970 s. 9( 4 ).
1967 s . 83(2)(3 ).
1967 s. 100 ( 1 )(2) .
40 (1 )
( 2 )( 3 )
( 4 )
1967 s. 84(1); 1969 Sch. 1 para. 8; 1970 Sch. 11; 1972 Sch. 5;
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ( c. 62) Sch. 5 para. 25.
1967 s . 84(2)(3) ; 1969 Sch. 1 para. 8.
Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 ( c. 62) s. 60( 2).
41
[ Consequential amendments. ]
42
[ Repeals, revocations and savings. ]
43 (1) [ Short title.]
( 2 )
( 3 ) 1949 s. 27(2) ; 1967 s. 104 (5).
[ Commencement. ]
( 4 ) 1949 s. 17(2) ; 1972 s . 14( 4) .
( 5 ) 1964 s. 60 6(5) ; 1967 s. 106(2)(3) ; 1972 s. 14(5).
Sch. 1
1949 Sch. 1 ; Affiliation Proceedings Act 1957 (c. 55 ) s . 12(3) ;
Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates' Courts) Act 1960 (с. 48)
s. 18(3) ; 1971 Sch. 8 para. 29; Guardianship of Minors Act 1971
( c. 3) Sch. 1 ; Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act
1972 (c. 18) s. 43(1 ) ; Guardianship Act 1973 (c. 29) s . 9(2) ; Fair
Trading Act 1973 (c. 41) s. 43; S.I. 1969/921 ; S.I. 1970/761 ;
S.I. 1971/1904 ; S.I. 1972/1973 .
Sch. 2
1949 Sch . 3 ; Solicitors Act 1957 (c. 27) s . 73(4) ; 1960 s. 2; 1971
Sch. 8 para. 29 ; S.I. 1971/62.
Sch. 3
1970 Sch . 10.
Sch. 4
Sch. 5
[Consequential amendments. ]
[ Repeals and revocations. ]
Tables of Derivations and Destinations THE LEGAL AID ACT 1974 (с. 4 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page li above.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
lv
LEGAL AID AND ADVICE ACT 1949
( 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 51)
1 (1)(2) | Scope and general conditions of legal
aid in connection with proceedings . 7 ( 1 )
( 3 ) - (6 )
( 7 )
Subsection (1 ) amended 1967
Sch. 6 para. 7.
7( 2) - (5)
2( 5) , Applied 1972 s. 6(1 ).
7 ( 6 )
2 ( 1 ) Financial conditions of legal aid. 6 Amended 1960 s . 1 (1), S.I.
1972/1974, S.I. 1973/1782.
( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 2 ) - (6 )
( 7 ) 8 (1 )
8( 3 )( 4 )
3 ( 1 ) Contributions from assisted person. 9(1)( 2 ) Amended 1960 s. 1 ( 2), S.I.
1972/1974, S.I. 1973/1782.
9( 4 ) - ( 8)
9 ( 9 ) Amended 1972 Sch . 2.
11 (1) - (3) Applied 1972 s . 6(1).
4 ( 1 ) - (3) Assessment of disposable capital and
income and of maximum contribu-
tion.
( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) 5 Legal aid in matters not involving
litigation. 6(1)(2) Solicitors and counsel. ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) ( 9 ) 7 Right to and nature of legal advice.
8 ( 1 ) Functions of Law Society. ( 2 ) ( 3 ) - (5 ) ( 6 ) - ( 9)
( 10 )
11( 4 ) Applied 1972 s . 6 ( 1 ) ;
amended 1972 s . 6(3 ) .
tryofs
11( 6 ) Substituted Ministry ofSocial
Security Act 1966 ( c. 20)
Sch. 6 para . 12.
11 ( 7 ) Amended Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966 ( c. 20)
Sch. 6 para. 12.
Repealed Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966 (c. 20)
Sch. 8.
11 ( 8 ) Applied 1972 s . 6(1).
Repealed 1972 Sch. 3 .
12(1 )(2) Applied 1972 s. 6( 1 ).
12(3)( 4) Applied 1972 s. 6(1 ) .
12(5) (6) Applied 1972 s. 6( 1 ).
10 (1) Amended 1972 Sch. 2.
10 (2 )
Repealed 1972 Sch. 3.
12 ( 7 )
10 ( 4 ) Amended 1972 Sch. 2.
-
Repealed 1972 Sch. 3.
15 ( 1) Applied 1972 s . 6 ( 1 ) ;
amended 1972 Sch. 2.
15 ( 2 ) Applied 1972 s . 6(1 ).
15( 3) - (5) Amended 1967 ss . 81 ( 4),
82(5); applied 1972 s. 6(1) .
15(6 ) -(9) Applied 1972 s . 6(1).
Repealed Charities Act 1960
(c. 58) Sch. 7 Part II.
lvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
LEGAL AID AND ADVICE АСТ 1949-continued
9 ( 1 )
( 2 )
Legal aid fund. ( 3 )( 4 ) ( 5 ) - (7 ) ( 8)( 9) ( 10 ) 17 ( 1 ) Amended 1972 s . 6(2) .
17 ( 2 ) Amended 1967 ss. 81 ( 4),
82(5); 1972 ss. 6( 2), 9(2),
Sch. 2.
17( 3)( 4) Amended 1967 ss. 81 ( 4),
82(5) ; 1972 s . 6(2), Sch. 2.
17(5)-(7) Amended 1967 ss. 81( 4) ,
82 (5).
17( 8) Amended 1967 ss. 81( 4),
82(5) .
17 ( 2 ) Inserted 1972 Sch. 2.
10 Accounts and audit. 18
11 Pension rights of employees . 19 Amended 1967 ss. 81(4) ,
82(5); substituted Super-
annuation Act 1972 (c. 11 )
s. 18(1) ; amended 1972
ss . 6(2), 8 (4) .
12 ( 1 ) Regulations. ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 20 (1)
Applied 1972 s . 6( 1 ) ;
amended 1972 s . 6(3) .
20(2)(3 ) Applied 1972 s. 6(1 ) ; words
repealed 1972 Sch. 3 .
20 (7 ) Applied 1972 s . 6(1 ) .
20 ( 8) Amended 1960 s. 1 (3), 1972
s. 11 (2) ; applied 1972 s .
6 ( 1).
20(10) Applied 1972 s . 6(1 ).
13 Advisory committees. 21 Subsection (2) amended
Minister for the Civil Ser-
vice Order 1968 ( S.I.
1968/1656) ; applied 1972
s. 6( 1) .
14 Secrecy.
22 Applied 1972 s. 6(1); words
repealed 1972 Sch. 3 .
15 ( 1 ) Proceedings for misrepresentation 23( 1)
etc.
( 2 ) 23( 2 )
( 3 ) 23 ( 3)
Applied 1972 s. 6(1 ) ; words
repealed 1972 Sch. 3 .
Amended Magistrates ' Courts
Act 1952 (c. 55) s. 132( 3 ),
applied 1972 s . 6(1) .
Amended County Courts Act
1959 (c. 22) s . 205(7) , 1972
s. 6(1 ) ; words repealed 1972
Sch. 3.
16(1)- (6 ) Adaptation of rights of indemnity.
( 7 )
24(1 )- (6 ) Applied 1972 s. 6( 1 ) .
Repealed 1972 Sch. 3 .
17 ( 1 ) Interpretation, commencement and 25 ( 1 )
transitional provisions.
( 2 ) 43( 3)( 4 )
Amended 1972 Sch. 2; re-
pealed in part 1972 Sch. 3.
Act brought into force
except in relation to pro-
visions reproduced in sec-
tion 26 and paras. 1 ( b), 1(c),
(e ) and 4 ofPart I of Sch. 1 .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lvii
Section
of Act
Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
LEGAL AID AND ADVICE ACT 1949 -continued
39 20 ( 5 )
Repealed in part Statute Law
( Repeals) Act 1973 ( c. 39)
Sch. 1 , Part XII ; otherwise
spent.
Otherwise spent.
Spent.
Repealed 1967 Sch. 7.
17 ( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 ) ( 6 )
18-24 Legal aid under existing Acts.-
25 Application to Crown. 27
26 Extension of powers of Northern
Ireland Parliament.
27 (1 ) ( 2 )
Short title and construction.
43 ( 2 )
Sch. 1 Proceedings for which legal aid may
be given under section 1.
Description of proceedings .
Sch. 1
Part I para. 1,
2
рага. 3
Part I
para. 1
Sch. 1
Part I
para. 2, 3
Repealed Northern Ireland
Constitution Act 1973 (с.
36 ) Sch. 6 Part I.
Paragraph 1 amended 1971
Sch. 8 para. 29; repealed
in part 1971 Sch. 11 Part
IV.
Amended Affiliation Pro-
ceedings Act 1957 (c. 55)
s. 12( 3 ) , Matrimonial Pro-
ceedings ( Magistrates '
Courts) Act 1960 (c. 48)
s. 18(3), 1971 Sch. 8 para.
29, Guardianship of Minors
Act 1971 (c. 3) Sch. 1 ,
Maintenance Orders (Re-
ciprocal Enforcement) Act
1972 (c. 18) s. 43(1), Fair
Trading Act 1973 (c. 41)
s . 43 , S.I. 1969/921 ; re-
pealed in part Rent Act
1965 (c. 75) Sch. 7 Part I,
1971 Sch. 11 Part IV.
para. 4
para. 5
Part II Excepted proceedings .
рага. 1
para. 2-
6
Sch. 2 Resources to be disregarded on
application for legal aid under
section 1.
Sch. 3
para. 1 Remuneration of persons giving
legal aid under Part I.
Sch . 1
Part I
para. 4
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Part
IV.
Sch. 1 Part II Amended S.I. 1969/921 ; re-
pealed in part Law Reform
para. 1 , 2 (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1970 (c. 33) Sch.
Sch. 1
Part II
para. 3-7
Sch. 2
para. 1 , 5
Repealed Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966 ( c. 20)
Sch. 8 .
Amended 1960 s. 2, 1971
Sch. 8 para. 29 ; repealed
in part 1972 Sch. 3 .
lviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act
Remarks
LEGAL AID AND ADVICE ACT 1949 -continued
Sch. 3
para. 2 Sch. 2
para. 2, 5
Amended 1960 s. 2, 1971
Sch. 8 para. 29; repealed
in part 1972 Sch. 3 .
para. 3-
para. 4
para. 5
Sch. 2
para. 3
Sch. 2
para. 4
Sch. 2
para. 6
Amended Solicitors Act 1957
( c. 27) s. 88( 4).
LEGAL AID ACT 1960
( 8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 28)
1( 1 ) Financial conditions for legal aid. 6
( 2 ) 9(1) (2)
( 3 )
( 4 )
20 (8)(9)
9 ( 3)
2 Remuneration for persons giving
legal aid.
3 Remuneration for persons acting for
applicants for legal aid in Scotland.
Sch. 2,
para. 1, 2
4 Explanations of references to pay-
17 ( 9)
ments.
5
Short title, construction and citation.
Amended S.I. 1972/1974, S.I.
1973/1782.
Amended S.I. 1972/1974, S.I.
1973/1782 ; repealed in part
1972 Sch . 3 .
Otherwise spent .
Repealed Legal Aid ( Scot-
land ) Act 1967 ( c. 43)
Sch. 3.
Amended 1972 Sch. 2.
LEGAL AID ACT 1964
( 1964 с. 30 )
1
Power to award costs out of legal
aid fund.
13
2 Supplementary provisions . 14
3 Application to Scotland.
-
4 Powers of Parliament of Northern
Ireland.
5 Expenses.
6(1) - (4) Short title, commencement, con-
struction, citation and extent.
( 5 ) Subsection (2) amended 1971
Sch. 8 para. 2.
Repealed Legal Aid (Scot-
land ) Act 1967 ( c. 43)
Sch. 3.
Repealed Northern Ireland
Constitution Act 1973 (с.
36 ) Sch. 6 Part I.
Unnecessary.
42 ( 5 )
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lix
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT 1967
( c.80 )
73( 1)(2) | Power to order legal aid to be given. | 28 ( 1 )(2) | Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1.
( 3 )
28 ( 5 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
48.
( 3A )
( 3B )
28 ( 3 ) Inserted 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1 .
28( 6 ) Inserted 1969 Sch. 1 para. 1 ;
amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
48.
( 4 )
28 ( 7 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
48.
( 5 )
-
28 ( 8) Amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
48. Criminal Justice Act
1972 (c . 71 ) s. 38.
( 8 )
-
28 ( 9)
28 (10 )
28 (11) Amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
( 8A )
28 ( 4 ) 48.
Inserted Criminal Justice Act
1972 (c. 71 ) Sch. 5; amended
Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 (c. 62 ) Sch. 5
para. 23.
( 9 ) 28(12 )
74 ( 1 ) Supplementary provisions as to legal 30 (1 )
aidorders.
3 30 ( 2 ) 30 (3)
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2.
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2,
1971 Sch . 8 para. 48, 56.
30 ( 4 )
30 ( 5 )
30 (6 ) Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2.
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 2,
1971 Sch. 8 para. 48.
( 7 ) ( 11 )
( 12 )
30 ( 7 ) - (11)
30 (12 ) Amended Criminal Justice
Act 1972 (c. 71) Sch. 5,
Powers of Criminal Courts
Act 1973 ( c. 62), Sch. 5
рага. 24.
75(1) - (4) Circumstances in which legal aid may 29(1 ) - (4)
begiven.
( 4A )
( 5 )
29 ( 5 ) Inserted 1969 Sch . 1 para. 3 .
29 ( 6 )
76 ( 1 ) ( 1A )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
Liability for contributions .
32 (1 )
32 ( 1 )
32 ( 3)
32 ( 4 ) 32 ( 2 ) Inserted 1969 Sch. 1 para. 4.
( 5 ) Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 4,
1971 Sch. 8 para. 48;
repealed in part 1971 Sch.
11 Part IV.
32 ( 4 ) Inserted 1969 Sch. 1 para. 4;
amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
48 .
77 ( 1 ) Means enquiry by Supplementary
Benefits Commission. ( 2 ) ( 3) 33(1) Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 5.
33(2 )(3)
Ix Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACTт 1967-continued
78 ( 1)
( 2 ) Computation of resources. 34 (1 )
34 ( 2)
79(1) Supplementary provisions as to pay- 36 (1 )
ment of contributions.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) - (7 )
36 ( 2 )
( 8 ) 35 (7)
80 Amendment and revocation of legal 31
aid orders .
81 ( 1 ) Payment of costs of legal aid . 37(1)
( 2) - ( 4 ) ( 5 ) - (7 )
37(1) - (4)
82 Solicitors and counsel. 38(1) - (5)
83(1) Regulations.
( 2 ) ( 3)
39 (1 )
39( 3)( 4)
84 (1) Interpretation of Part IV. 40 ( 1 )
Remarks
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 6.
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 7.
Repealed 1970 Sch. 11.
Amended 1971 Sch. 6 paгa.
10.
Repealed 1971 Sch. 11 Part
III .
Amended 1969 Sch. 1 para. 8 ,
1972 (c. 71) Sch. 5, Powers
of Criminal Courts Act
1973 (c. 62 ) Sch. 5 para.
25; repealed in part 1970
Sch. 11.
Inserted 1969 Sch. 1 para. 8.
( 2 )( 3) 40(2 )(3 )
100(1)(2 ) Regulations, rules and orders . 38(6 ),
39( 5 )
( 3 )
101 Expenses. 37( 5 )
104(1)- (4) General provisions as to interpreta-
-
tion .
( 5 )
43 ( 2 )
105(1)(2) Northern Ireland.
( 3 )
106 ( 1) Short title, extent and commence-
ment.
( 2 ) ( 3) ( 4 ) - (6 )
Unnecessary for 1974 Act
Otherwise not repealed by
1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act
Repealed Northern Ireland
Constitution Act 1973 (с.
36 ) Sch. 6 Part I.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
43 ( 5 )
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE ACT 1970
( 1970 с. 31)
9(1) -(3) Constitution of criminal division of-
Court ofAppeal . Not repealed by 1974 Act.
( 4 )
39 ( 2 )
43 ( 1 )
Procedure for recovery of legal aid 32(1)(5),
contribution in criminal cases .39 ( 1 ) Amended 1971 Sch. 8 para.
60.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxi
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE ACT 1970 -continued
43 ( 2) - (4)
( 5 )
( 6 )
35(1 ) - (3)
35 ( 4 ) Repealed in part Armed
Forces Act 1971 (c. 33)
Sch. 4 Part II.
Repealed Armed Forces Act
1971 (c. 33) Sch. 4 Part II.
( 7 )( 8)
( 9 )
( 10 ) 35(5)( 6 )
35 ( 8)
32 ( 4 )
Sch. 10 Enforcement by magistrates' court of
legal aid contribution order.
Sch. 3
LEGAL ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE Aст 1972
( 1972 с. 50 )
1 Persons eligible for advice and
assistance.
1
Amended S.I. 1973/535 , S.I.
1973/1783.
2(1) - (4) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 2 ( 1) - (4)
Extends only to Scotland.
2 ( 6 )
3 Financial limit on prospective cost of
advice and assistance.
3
4 ( 1 ) Contributions from persons receiving
advice or assistance.
4 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
4 ( 2 )
4 ( 3 )( 4 )
Amended S.I. 1973/1716.
5(1 ) - (6 ) Payment of charges or fees otherwise
than through client's contribution.
5
( 7 ) Extends only to Scotland.
6( 1)(2 ) Application of provisions of Legal
-
AidAct.
( 3 ) 11(5)(8),
See enactments affected.
20 ( 1 )( 4 )
7 Employment to which Part II applies. 16(2) - (5)
8( 1 ) Arrangements for employment to
which Part II applies , and pension
rights of persons so employed.
16 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 16 ( 7 )
8 ( 2 )
19 ( 1 )
9 ( 1 ) Payments into and out of legal aid
fund.
17 ( 2 )
( 2 ) 10 (3 )
10 General provisions relating to 16 ( 6 )
employment to which Part II
applies.
11( 1 )
( 2 ) Regulations. 20( 8) ( 9)
25 (1)
12 Financial provisions . Unnecessary.
Ixii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
LEGAL ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE ACT 1972-continued
13
Amendments, repeals and transi-
tional provisions.
14(1 ) - (3) Short title, construction, citation ,
commencement and extent.
( 4 ) ( 5 ) Sch. 1 Sch. 2 Enactments amended.
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed.
-
43( 3)( 4 ) Act brought into force
except in relation to provi-
sions reproduced in sec-
tion 16.
43 ( 5 )
Repealed in part Northern
Ireland Constitution Act
1973 ( c. 36 ) Sch. 5 Part I.
4 ( 3 )
Amended S.I. 1973/1716.
See enactments amended.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations Ixiii
THE SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT 1974 ( с. 3 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table :-
1955
= The Food and Drugs Act 1955
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 16 )
1958= The Slaughterhouses Act 1958
(6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 70 )
1958 ( c. 8 )= The Slaughter of Animals Act 1958
1963=
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 8 )
The London Government Act 1963
( 1963 с. 33 )
1972=
The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1972
( 1972 с. 62)
1972 (c. 70) =
The Local Government Act 1972
( 1972 с. 70 )
Section of Derivation
newAct
1 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 2 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7) 3 (1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 4 (1) ( 5
ම්ම ජුම්ම
6 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
1955 s . 62( 1 ) , (4)
1955 s . 62(2) .
1955 s . 63(2) .
1955 s . 62(3) .
1955 s . 63(1 ); 1958 s . 1 (2) ; 1972 s . 5(2) .
1958 s. 1( 2) ; 1972 s. 5(2) .
1958 s. 1 (2A) ; 1972 s . 5(2) .
1955 s . 63( 1 ) proviso.
1955 s . 63(3) .
1958 s . 1 (5) .
1958 s . 9(1) .
1958 s . 5(1).
1958 s. 5(1).
1958 s. 13(1).
1955 s . 63(1 ).
1955 s . 65(1) .
1955 s . 65(2) .
1955 s . 63( 1 ) proviso .
1955 s . 63( 3) .
1955 s. 66(1) ( 2 ); 1958 s. 6( 2).
1955 s . 117(3) ; 1958 s. 6(2).
1955 ss. 66( 4), 120( 1 ) .
1955 ss. 66(3), 119; 1958 s. 6( 2).
1955 s . 117( 1 ) ; 1958 s . 6(2) .
1955 s. 117(2) ; 1958 s . 6(2) .
1955 s. 118; 1958 ss. 5( 4), 6( 2) ; Courts Act 1971 (c. 23) Sch. 9
Part I.
7 1955 s . 120( 1) ; 1958 s. 5(4) .
8 1955 s. 119; 1958 s. 5( 4).
9 1955 s. 67.
10 1955 s. 132.
lxiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT -cont .
Section of
new Act Derivation
11 (1 ) ( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 1958 s. 5(2) .
1958 s . 5(2) proviso.
1958 s. 5( 3) .
1955 s . 120(2) ; 1958 s . 5( 4) .
12 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 13 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1955 s . 68(1) .
1955 ss. 68(2), 125(4) .
1955 s . 125(1 ) .
1955 s. 68( 3) .
1955 s. 69( 1 ).
1955 с. 69(2) ; Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80 ) Sch. 3 Part I.
14
1955 s . 74; 1972 s . 5( 3) .
15 ( 1 ) - ( 3)
( 4 ) ( 5 )
1955 s . 71 ( 1 ) - (3) .
1955 s . 70(2) .
1955 s. 71( 4) .
16 ( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) 1955 s . 72(1) ; 1958 (c. 8) s . 6.
1955 s . 72(2) .
1955 s . 125(4).
1955 s . 125(1).
17 1955 s. 73.
18( 1) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
1955 s . 80.
1958 s. 11 ; 1972 ( c. 70) s. 272(2) .
19
1955 s . 87(2 ) ; 1958 s . 5( 4) .
20(1 ) - (5)
( 6 )
1955 s . 100( 1 )–( 6) .
1955 s. 86(1).
21(1 )
( 2 )
1955 s . 105( 1 ) ; Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80 ) Sch. 3 Part I.
1955 s . 105(3) ; Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80) Sch. 3 Part I.
22 1955 s. 109(2) ; 1972 (c. 70) s . 199(8) .
23(1 ) ( 2 ) 1955 s. 108(1 ) .
1955 s. 106.
24 1955 s . 107 .
25 1955 s . 113 .
26 1955 s. 118; 1958 ss . 5(4 ), 6( 2); Courts Act 1971 ( c. 23) Sch. 9 Part I.
27 1955 s. 85; 1958 s. 13(1 ) ; 1972 (c. 70) s. 199(5) .
28 1955 s . 88 ; Secretary of State for Social Services Order 1968 (S.I.
1968/1699) ; Secretary of State for the Environment Order 1970
(S.I. 1970/1681) .
29 1955 s . 128( 1 ) (2) .
30 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1955 s. 130( 1)(2).
1955 s . 130(3) .
31( 1 )
( 2 )
1955 s . 131(1), Sch. 9 Part I; 1958 s. 11; 1972 (c. 70) s . 272(2) .
1958 s. 11 ; 1972 (c. 70 ) s . 272(2) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT-cont.
lxv
Section of
new Act Derivation
32 (1)
( 2 )
33(1)( 2)
( 3 )
34
35
36 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 37 ( 1)( 2 ) ( 3 ) 38(1)( 2) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 )( 6 ) 39(1)( 2) ( 3 ) 40 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) - ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 )
( 9 )
( 10 )
41
42 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
43 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
44
45
46 ( 1 )
( 2 )
47
48 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
Sch. 1
Sch. 2 Sch. 3 21
1955 s. 131 (1) .
1955 Sch . 9 Part I.
1955 s . 122.
1955 ss . 123(5), 124(2) .
1955 s . 135(1) ; 1958 ss . 5(5), 13( 1 ) ; 1963 Sch. 13 para. 3 .
1955 s. 81 .
1958 (c. 8) s. 1 (1).
1958 (c. 8) s. 1 ( 1)( 2) .
1958 (c. 8) s. 1 ( 3) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 5( 1 ) (2).
1958 (c. 8) s . 1(4 ) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 2(1) (2) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 5(1) (2) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 4(1 ) (2) .
1958 (c. 8) s. 4 (3).
1958 (c. 8) s. 4( 4).
1958 (c. 8) s. 31 (1) .
1958 (c. 8) s. 5( 1 ), (2) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 3( 2) (3).
1958 (c. 8) s. 3(4) - (8) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 3( 9).
1958 (c. 8) s. 5(1 ).
1958 (c. 8) s. 3(10); Decimal Currency Act 1969 (c. 19) s. 10(1).
1958 (c. 8) s . 3(11).
1958 (c. 8) s. 7 .
1958 (c. 8) s . 8(1 ) ; 1972 (c. 70 ) ss. 112 ( 3), 270(3), Sch. 29 para. 4.
1958 (c. 8) s . 8( 2); Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80) Sch. 3 Part I.
1958 (c. 8) s . 8( 3) .
1958 (c. 8) ss. 4(4), 5(1 ), 8(2).
1958 (c. 8) s . 5( 1) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 5(3) .
1958 (c. 8) s . 9.
1958 (c. 8) s . 10; 1963 Sch. 13 para. 6; 1972 ( c. 70 ) Sch. 30.
[ Consequential amendments. ]
[ Amendments of the Food and Drugs Act 1955. ]
[ Transitional provisions , savings and repeals . ]
[ Short title. ]
1955 s . 135(3) ; 1958 s . 13(4).
[ Commencement. ]
1955 s . 137(4) (5) ; 1958 s. 15(2)(3) ; 1958 (c. 8) s. 13(2).
1958 (c. 8) Sch. 1 .
1958 (c. 8) Sch. 2.
[ Consequential amendments. ]
lxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT -cont.
Section of
new Act Derivation
Sch. 4 1958 ss. 9(2) - (4), 10, 11 ; 1972 ( c. 70 ) s. 272( 2 ).
Sch. 5 [ Transitional provisions and savings. ]
Sch. 6 [ Repeals. ]
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxvii
THE SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT 1974 ( с. 3)
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page lxiii above.
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
THE FOOD AND DRUGS ACT 1955
( 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 16 )
62(1 ) (2) | Slaughterhouses and knackers' yards | 1 (1)(2)
to be licensed .
( 3 ) 1( 4 ), 34
1(1 )
63 ( 1 ) Application for and grant of licences . 2(1)( 4), Amended in relation to
4 (1)( 4 )
slaughterhouses 1958 S.
1 ( 2) ; 1972 s. 5( 2).
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 64 2( 5), 4 (5 )
1( 3)
Restriction on licensing of new
slaughterhouses. Repealed 1958 s. 1 (1 ).
65 Particular grounds for refusal of
licence . 4( 2)(3) Repealed in relation to
slaughterhouses 1972 Sch.
6.
66(1)(2) Notification of, and appeal against,
refusal of licence .
5 ( 1 )
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 6 ( 1 )
5 ( 3)
67 Duration of licences . 9 Repealed in part Statute Law
( Repeals) Act 1971 (c . 52)
Sch. Part IX.
68( 1) (2) | Byelaws about slaughterhouses and 12 (1)(2)
knackers' yards.
( 3 ) 12 ( 4 ) Amended 1958 s . 9( 5).
69 ( 1 ) Signs to be displayed at slaughter-
houses and knackers' yards. ( 2 ) 13( 1 )
13( 2 ) Amended 1967 Sch. 3 Part I.
70 (1) Functions of local authorities in
relation to slaughterhouse accom-
modation.
Repealed 1972 s . 5(1 ) .
( 2 ) 15 ( 4 )
71(1 ) - (3) Power to provide public slaughter- 15(1 ) - (3)
houses.
( 4 ) 15 ( 5 )
72 (1) Management of public slaughter- 16 ( 1 )
houses.
( 2 ) 16 ( 4 )
( 3 ) Spent.
73( 1) Charges in respect of public slaughter- 17(1)
houses.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 17( 2 )
Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6.
Repealed 1972 s. 5( 2).
lxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct
Subject Matter
74
75-78
79
80
81 82 83-84 Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE FOOD AND DRUGS ACT 1955 -continued
Restriction of private slaughterhouses
14
by agreement.
Compulsory restriction of private
slaughterhouses .
Repealed 1972 s . 5(1 ) .
Special provisions where compensa-
tion payable under local Act.
Spent in view of 1972 s. 5(3) ;
saved in relation to slaugh-
terhouses rendered unlaw-
ful before 1st January 1974
by Sch. 5 para. 7 .
Power to provide cold stores and 18( 1) - (4) Otherwise not repealed by
refrigerators .
1974 Act.
Saving for port slaughterhouses and
knackers' yards .
35
Food Hygiene Advisory Council .
Food and drugs authorities .
85 Local authorities for purposes ofAct. 27
86 ( 1 ) Meaning of " authorised officer" . ( 2 )( 3)
( 4 )
87 (1) Authorities responsible for enforce- ment.
( 2 )
( 3 )
88(1) - (3) Port health authorities and joint
boards.
( 4 )
89-99 Sampling and analysis.
100(1 ) - (6 ) Power to enter premises.
( 7 )
101-103
Power to enter ships , aircraft , vehicles
etc. and powers of entry of inspec-
tors of weights and measures and
Minister's officers .
104
Restriction on movement of imported
food.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Repealed 1972 ( c. 70) Sch. 30.
Amended 1972 (c. 70 ) s. 199
( 5) ; otherwise unnecessarу
for 1974 Act.
20 (6 )
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
Repealed 1972 (c. 70) Sch. 30.
Repealed in part 1972 ( c. 70)
Sch. 30; unnecessary for
1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act .
19
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
28 Repealed in part National
Loans Act 1968 ( c. 13) Sch.
6 Part II; 1972 ( c. 70 )
Sch. 30.
Repealed 1963 Sch. 18 Part
II.
- Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
20(1 ) - (5)
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxix
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
105(1 ) THE FOOD AND DRUGS ACT 1955 -continued
Persons obstructing execution ofAct.
21( 1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
-
21 ( 2 )
( 4 )
- -
Amended Criminal Justice
Act 1967 (c. 80 ) Sch. 3
Part I.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Amended Criminal Justice
Act 1967 (c. 80) Sch. 3
Part I.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
106 Punishment of offences . 23( 2 )
107 Offences by corporations . 24
108(1) Prosecutions . 23(1)
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act .
109 (1) Institution of proceedings by Govern-
ment department and councils.
( 2 ) 22
Unnecessary for 1974 Act .
( 3 )
Substituted 1972 (c. 70 ) s.
199( 8) ; otherwise unneces-
sary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
110-112 Evidence of analysis, presumptions
and power of court to require
analysis by Government Chemist.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act .
113 Contravention due to default of some 25
other person.
114 Contraventions originating in Scot-
land or Northern Ireland. Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
115 Conditions under which warranty
may be pleaded as defence.
-
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
116 -Offices in relation to warranties and
certificates of analysis .
- Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
117 ( 1) Appeals to magistrates ' courts . ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 6 ( 2 ) Amended 1958 s. 6(2) ; other-
wise unnecessary for 1974
Act .
6 ( 3 ) Amended 1958 s. 6(2) .
5 ( 3) Amended 1958 s. 6(2) .
118 Further appeal to quarter sessions . 6 ( 4), 26 Amended 1958 ss . 5 (4), 6(2) ;
Courts Act 1971 (c. 23)
Sch. 9 Part I; otherwise
unecessary for 1974 Act .
119 Effect of court's decision . 8 Amended 1958 s . 5( 4) ; other-
wise unnecessary for 1974
Act.
120( 1) Right to carry on business pending appeal.
( 2 ) 5(3), 7
Amended 1958 s . 5(4) ; other-
wise unnecessary for 1974
Act.
11( 4 ) Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
lxx Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
121 THE FOOD AND DRUGS Аст 1955 -continued
Disputes as to compensation under
-
Part I.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
122 Application to Crown.
123(1) - (4) Regulations, orders, etc.
1233 )
( 5 )
33(1 )( 2)
33 ( 3 )
( 6 )
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
124 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) Statutory instruments.-
33 ( 3 )
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 125(1) Byelaws. 12( 3),
16 ( 4 ) Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
( 2 )- Repealed 1963 Sch. 18 Part
II.
( 3 )
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
( 4 ) 12(2),
16 ( 3 )
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
126 Expenses. 127 Default of food and drugs authority. 128(1 )(2) Protection of local government
29
officers acting in good faith.
( 3 )- Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
129 Provision for compensation in certain
cases to local government officers .
- Repealed by 1972 (c. 70 )
Sch. 30.
130(1 )(2) Power of compulsory purchase of
land.
30 ( 1 ) Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
( 3 ) 30 ( 2 )
131(1 ) Incorporation of certain provisions 32 (1 )
ofPublic Health Act 1936. ( 2 )
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
132 Temporary continuance of licence or
registration on death.
10
Otherwise unnecessary for
1974 Act.
133 Functions of Board of Trade.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
134 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 )
Application to Northern Ireland.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Repealed Northern Ireland
Constitution Act 1973 ( с.
36 ) Sch. 6 Part I.
135(1) Interpretation. 34
( 2 )
( 3 ) Amended 1963 Sch. 13 para.
3; otherwise unnecessary
for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
48 ( 2 )
136 Repeals , transitional provisions and
savings.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations 1xxi
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE FOOD AND DRUGS ACT 1955 -continued
137(1 ) -(2) Short title, commencement and-
extent.
( 3 )- Substituted 1963 Sch. 13
para. 4; unnecessary for
1974 Act.
( 4 ) ( 5 ) 48 ( 4 )
Sch. 6 Provisions to be enforced by parti- cular authorities .
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Sch. 7 Sampling.- Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Sch. 8 Government department specially Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
authorised to institute proceedings
for offences.
Sch. 9 Incorporation of provisions of Public Health Act 1936. 31 ( 1 )
32 ( 2 )
Repealed in part 1972 (c. 70)
Sch. 30; otherwise un-
necessary for 1974 Act.
Unnecessary for 1974 Act.
Sch. 10 Provisions relating to Northern
Ireland.
Sch. 11 Repeals.
Sch. 12 Transitional provisions and savings .
THE SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT 1958
( 6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 70 )
1( 1 ) Licensing of slaughterhouses -gen- Repealed 1972 Sch. 6.
eral.
( 2 )
2 (1 )( 2 )
( 2A )
2 ( 3 )
( 3 )-
( 4 )-
( 5 ) 2 ( 6 )
Substituted 1972 s. 5(2 ).
Inserted 1972 s . 5(2) .
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6.
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6.
2 Licensing of slaughterhouses where
local restrictions in force.
- Repealed 1972 s. 5(1 ).
3 Reports on slaughterhouse facilities. Repealed 1972 s. 5(1).
4 Grant of new slaughterhouse licences
- Repealed 1972 s. 5(1 ).
after submission of report.
5 ( 1 ) Isolation of slaughterhalls from
3( 1 )( 2 )
dwellings.
( 2 )
( 3 )
11(1) ( 2 )
11 ( 3 )
( 4 ) ( 5 ) 34
6 (1 ) Special grounds for, and appeals
against, certain refusals . -
19 Otherwise unnecessary.
( 2 )
5( 1), 6(1) ( 3 )
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6.
Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6;
otherwise unnecessary.
Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6;
unnecessary.
lxxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT 1958-continued
7 Safety, health and welfare of persons
employed in slaughterhouses and
knackers' yards.
8 Amendment of Slaughter of Animals
Acts 1933 to 1954.
9 ( 1 ) Additional provisions with respect to certain regulations and byelaws .
( 2 ) Sch. 4
( 3 ) Sch. 4
( 4 ) Sch. 4
( 5 ) 2 ( 7 )
para. 1
para. 3
para. 4
12 ( 4 )
10 Grants for meat inspection at
slaughterhouses .
Sch. 4
para. 5
11 Local inquiries . 18(5) , 31
Sch. 4
para. 2
Repealed Factories Act 1961
( c. 34 ) Sch. 7 .
Repealed 1958 ( c. 8) Sch. 3.
Repealed in part 1958 ( c. 8)
Sch. 3 .
Otherwise unnecessary.
Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6;
amended 1972 (c. 70 ) s.
272(2) .
12 Financial provisions .
13 ( 1 ) Interpretation etc. 27 , 34
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
32
48( 2)
14 Provisions relating to London .
Repealed in part 1972 Sch. 6 ;
unnecessary.
Repealed in part 1958 ( c. 8)
Sch . 3 ; otherwise unneces-
sary. Words repealed 1972 Sch. 6;
unnecessary.
15 (1 )
( 2 ) (3 )
Sch. 1
Sch. 2
Short title and extent.
Provisions with respect to reference
to certain applications to Minister.
Minor amendments of Slaughter of
Animals Acts 1933 to 1954.
48 ( 4 )
Repealed in part 1963 Sch.18
Part II ; repealed as to
repeated
remainder City City of London
( Various Powers) Act 1963
( c. xxxiv ) Sch.
Otherwise unnecessary.
Repealed 1972 Sch. 6.
Repealed 1958 (c. 8) Sch. 3 .
1 ( 1 )
(2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
THE SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS ACT 1958
( 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 8)
Provisions as to slaughter of animals
36(1 )(2)
in slaughterhouses and knackers'
yards.
36 ( 2 )
36 ( 3)
36 (5 )
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxxiii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
3
THE SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS ACT 1958 -continued
Provisions as to slaughter of certain | 37(1 )(2)
swine elsewhere than in slaughter-
houses and knackers' yards.
3 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3)
( 4 ) - (9)
( 10 )
Licensing of slaughtermen. 39(1)(2)
40 (1 )
40 (2 ) - (7 )
40 ( 9)
( 11 ) 40 (10 )
4( 1)(2) Regulations for securing humane con-
ditions of slaughter in slaughter-
houses etc.
38(1 )( 2)
( 3 ) 38(3)( 4 )
( 4 ) 38(5)(6)
5 ( 1 ) Penalties. 36 ( 4),
37(3),
38(5),
39( 3),
40( 8) ,
43 ( 1)(2 )
5 ( 2 ) 36 ( 4 ),
37( 3),
39 ( 3 )
( 3 ) 38(6 ),
43 ( 3 )
6 Powers of certain local authorities to
employ slaughtermen. 16 ( 1 )
7 Duty of local authority to execute and
enforce Act.
41
8( 1 ) Powers of certain officers to enter
slaughterhouses
and knackers'
yards.
42 ( 1 )
( 2 ) 42 ( 2 )
( 3 ) 42 ( 3 )
9 Parliamentary control of regulations . 44
10 Interpretation. 45
Amended Decimal Currency
Act 1969 (c. 19) s. 10 (1) .
Amended 1972 (c. 70) s . 270
( 3), Sch. 29 para. 4.
Amended Criminal Justice
Act 1967 (c. 80) Sch. 3
Part I.
11 Provisions relating to London.
Amended 1963 Sch. 13 Part
III; repealed in part 1972
( c. 70) Sch. 30.
Repealed in part 1963 Sch.18
Part II; repealed as to
remainder City of London
( Various Powers) Act 1962
( c. xxxiv ) Sch .
12 Repeals and savings .
13(1) Short title, extent and commence-
ment.
( 2 ) ( 3 )
-
48 ( 4 )
1xxiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974Act Remarks
Sch. 1 Sch. 2 THE SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS ACT 1958 -continued
Provisions relating to the Rabbinical
Sch. 1
Commission for the licensing of
Shochetim.
Particular matters to be dealt with by
regulations under s. 4 relating to
horses.
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed.
Sch. 2
THE AGRICULTURE ( MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ACT 1972
( 1972 с. 62 )
5 ( 1 ) Repeal and amendment of certain
enactments relating to slaughter-
houses in England and Wales.
( 2 )
( 3 )
2 (1) - (3)
14
Repealed 1972 (c. 70) Sch. 30.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxxv
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1974 ( с. 47 )
TABLE OF DERIVATIONS
Notes
1. The derivation column does not acknowledge section 11 ( 2 )
of the Solicitors ( Amendment) Act 1974 ( c. 26 ), which has the
effect of converting "disciplinary committee" into "Solicitors
Disciplinary Tribunal" throughout the Solicitors Acts 1957 and
1965.
2. The following abbreviations are used in this Table-
1957 The Solicitors Act 1957
( 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 27 )
1965 = The Solicitors Act 1965
( 1965 с. 31)
1974 = The Solicitors ( Amendment) Act 1974
( 1974 с. 26 )
Section of
new Act
Derivation
1 1957 s. 1 .
2
1957 s. 2A; 1974 s. 2.
3 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3)
4 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) 1957 s. 3(1) ; 1965 s. 2; 1974 s. 3, Sch. 2 para. 6.
1957 s. 3( 3).
1957 s . 4(1) .
1957 s. 4( 2) ; 1965 s. 3.
1957 s. 4(3).
1957 s. 5(3) .
1957 s . 4(5 ) .
5 (1) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1957 s. 5(1) .
1957 s. 5( 2).
6 1957 s. 6; 1974 s. 4 (1) .
7 1957 s. 7; 1965 Sch. 2; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 7.
8(1 ) ( 2 ) 1957 s . 7A; 1974 s. 5(1).
1974 s . 5( 2) .
9 ( 1 )
( 2 ) - ( 4 )
( 5 )
1957 s. 9(1) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 8.
1957 s . 9(4) - (6 ) ; 1974 s. 4(2).
1957 s. 9( 3) ; 1965 s. 4(1) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 8.
10 (1 )
( 2 )( 3)
1957 s . 10 (1) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 9.
1957 s . 10(5)(6 ) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 9.
11(1)( 2)
( 3 ) ( 4 )
1957 s. 11 ( 1)(1A) ; 1974 s. 6.
1957 s . 11 (2)(3) ; 1965 s . 5(2) .
12 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 ) - ( 7 )
13 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) - ( 4 )
1957 s . 12(1) ; 1965 s. 6; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 10.
1957 s. 12( 5); 1965 s. 6.
1957 s . 15(5) ; 1965 Sch. 3.
1957 s . 12(2) - (4); 1965 s. 6.
1957 s. 13(1) .
1957 s . 13(2) - (4 ) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 11 .
lxxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
SOLICITORS ACT-cont .
Section of
new Act Derivation
14 1957 s . 10(2) -(4).
15 ( 1 )
( 2 )
1957 s. 14.
1957 s. 1 .
16( 1)(2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 )
( 5 )
1957 s . 15( 1)(2) .
1957 s. 15( 3).
1957 s . 15( 4).
17
1957 s . 16.
18 1957 s . 17.
19 1957 s. 2 .
20 (1 )
( 2 )
1957 s. 18(1) .
1957 s . 18(2) ; Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 (c. 62) ss. 18
(1), 30(1) .
21
1957 s . 19 ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 12.
22
1957 s. 20.
23
1957 s . 21 ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 12.
24
1957 s. 22.
25 (1 )
( 2 )
1957 s . 23 .
1957 s. 23A; 1965 s . 7.
26
1957 s . 24.
27
1957 s . 27.
28
1957 s . 25 ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 13 .
29 1974 s. 1 .
30 1957 s . 26.
31( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1957 s . 28(1 ) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 14.
1957 s . 28(2) .
32 ( 1)(2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 )
1957 s . 29( 1 ) (2) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 15.
1957 s . 29(3) .
1957 s . 29(3A ) ; 1974 s. 13.
1957 s . 29( 4) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 15.
33
1965 s. 8.
34 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 )
( 4 )
(5)(6 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 )
1957 s . 30(1 ) ; 1965 s . 9(1 ) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 16.
1957 s. 30( 1 ) proviso ; 1965 s. 9( 1 ) .
1957 s . 30(2) ; 1965 s . 9 ( 2) (4) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 16.
1957 s . 30(3) ; 1965 s . 9(2) (4).
1957 s . 30(4) ( 5) .
1957 s . 30(6) ; 1965 s . 9(4) .
1957 s . 30(7) ; 1965 s . 9(4) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 16.
35
1974 s. 8.
36 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) - (8) 1957 s . 32(1) .
1957 s . 32(2) - ( 8) ; 1974 s . 9( 1) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations SOLICITORS ACT -cont.
lxxvii
Section of
new Act Derivation
37 1957 s . 32A; 1974 s. 10.
38 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
1957 s. 33(1).
1957 s . 33( 1A) ; Administration of Justice Act 1973 (c. 15 ) s. 4.
1957 s . 33( 2) ; Administration of Justice Act 1973 (c. 15) Sch. 1
para. 9.
39
1957 s . 34.
40 1957 s. 35.
41( 1) (2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 )
1957 s . 36(1) ; 1965 s . 17(1 ).
1957 s . 36(2) .
1957 s. 36(3) .
1957 s . 36(2) ; 1965 s . 17(2) .
42 (1)
( 2 )
1957 s. 37(1) ; 1965 Sch. 2; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 17.
1957 s . 37(2).
43 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 7 )( 8)
1957 s. 38(1 ) ; 1965 s . 18(1) .
1957 s . 38(2); 1974 Sch. 2 para. 18.
1957 s . 38(2A) ; 1965 s . 18(2).
1957 s . 38(2B) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 18.
1957 s . 38(4) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 18.
1957 s. 38(5) .
1957 s . 38( 5) ; Powers of Criminal Courts Act 1973 (c. 62) Sch. 5
para. 9.
44 ( 1) ( 2)
( 3 )
( 4 )
1957 s . 39( 1 )(2 ) ; 1965 Sch. 3 .
1957 s . 39(3) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 19 .
1957 s . 39( 4) .
45
1957 s . 28A; 1974 s. 7.
46 (1) - (10 )
( 11 ) (12 )
47 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3)
1957 s . 46( 1)-(10) ; 1974 s. 11(1).
1957 s . 46(11)(12) ; 1974 s . 11 (2) .
1957 s. 47(1); 1965 s . 20(1).
1957 s . 47(2) ; 1965 s. 20(2), Sch. 2.
48
1957 s. 48; 1974 s. 12.
49
1957 s. 49; 1974 s. 12.
50
1957 s . 50; Courts Act 1971 (c. 23) s. 1(1).
51
1957 s . 51 .
52 1957 s . 52.
53 1957 s . 53 .
54( 1) ( 2 ) 1957 s. 54(1 ) ; 1965 Sch. 3; 1974 Sch. 1 para. 20.
1957 s. 54(2) .
55 1957 s . 55.
56 ( 1) ( 2 )( 3) ( 4 )( 5 ) (6 )(7 ) ( 8) ( 9 ) 1957 s . 56(1 ) ( 2) ; 1965 s . 26(2) .
1957 s . 56(2)(3 ) .
1957 s . 56(4) .
1957 s . 56( 5) ( 6) .
1957 s . 56(2) .
1957 s . 56(7) .
lxxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
SOLICITORS ACT-cont.
Section of
new Act
Derivation
57(1) - (4)
( 5 )
1957 s . 57(1) -(4).
1957 s . 57(4) proviso ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 21 .
58
1957 s . 58.
59 ( 1)
( 2 )
1957 s. 59.
1957 s . 65( 1 ).
60 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )( 5 )
1957 s. 63 ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 25.
1957 s . 60( 1 )(2) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 22.
1957 s . 60( 1 )(2) proviso; 1974 Sch. 2 pага. 22.
1957 s . 60(1 ) (3)(4); 1974 Sch. 2 para. 22.
61(1)( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
1957 s . 61 ( 1 )(2) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 23.
1957 s . 61 (3) ; 1974 s. 14 (1).
1957 s . 61 (5A) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 23 .
1957 s . 61 (4) ; 1974 s. 14(2) .
1957 s. 61(7 ) .
62 ( 1)( 2 )
( 3 ) ( 4 )
63 1957 s . 61 (5)(5A) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 23 .
1957 s . 61 ( 6)(6A) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 23.
1957 s . 62; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 24.
64 ( 1 )
( 2 ) - (4 ) 1957 s . 64; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 26.
1957 s. 64 proviso.
65 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 1974 s. 17.
1957 s . 65(2) .
66 1957 s. 65(3) .
67 1957 s . 66.
68 1957 s . 67.
69 (1 )( 2 ) ( 3 ) 1957 s. 68.
1957 s . 73 (2) ; Administration of Justice Act 1969 ( c. 58) Sch. 1 .
70 (1)(2) ( 3) ( 4) (5)(6) (7)(8) ( 9) ( 10 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 ) 1957 s . 69( 1 ) (2) .
1957 s . 69( 2) proviso; 1974 s. 15( 1), Sch. 2para . 27.
1957 s . 69( 2A) (2B) ; 1974 s. 15 ( 1 ).
1957 s . 69(3)(4) .
1957 s. 69(5) ; 1974 s . 15(1).
1957 s . 69(5) proviso.
1974 s . 13(2).
1957 s . 69(6) ; 1974 s. 15(1).
71 1957 s. 70.
72 1957 s. 71 .
73 1957 s. 72.
74 (1)
( 2 )
( 3 )
1957 s . 73(1) .
1957 s . 73(3 ) ; Courts Act 1971 (c. 23) Sch. 8 para. 2.
1957 s. 73(4 ) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 28.
75
1957 s. 74; Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1973 ( c. 14 ) Sch. 1 para. 2.
76
1957 s. 76.
77
1957 s. 77.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations SOLICITORS ACT-cont.
lxxix
Section of
new Act Derivation
78 1957 s. 78 .
79 1957 s. 79.
80 81(1) - (4 ) ( 5 ) 1957 s . 80; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 30.
1974 s. 18(1) -(4) .
1974 s. 18( 6 ) .
82 1957 s. 82.
83 1957 s. 83 .
84 ( 1 ) ( 2 )( 3 ) 1957 s . 84(1 ) ; 1965 Sch. 3.
1957 s . 84(2)(3) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 31 .
85 1957 s . 85; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 32.
86
1974 Sch. 2 para. 1 .
87 (1)
Solicitors , Public Notaries, &c. , Act 1949 ( c. 21) s. 1( 3); 1957
( 2 ) ( 3 )
s . 86( 1 ) ; 1965 ss . 26(1 ) , 28( 1 ) ; 1974 ss . 16, 19( 2), Sch. 2 para. 33.
1957 s . 86(2)(2A) ; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 33.
( 4 ) 1957 s . 86(3) ; 1965 s . 28(2) ; 1974 s . 19(3).
88 1957 s. 87.
89(1 ) - ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) [Consequential amendments, repeals, savings etc. ]
1974 s. 11( 2 ) .
1957 s . 88(3) .
Solicitors , Public Notaries, &c. , Act 1949 (c. 21) s. 1( 3) .
90 (1) - (3)
( 4 ) [ Short title and commencement. ]
1957 s . 89(3)(4) ; 1965 s. 30 (3) ; 1974 s. 19(11).
Sch. 1
1974 Sch. 1.
Sch. 2
para. 1
1957 Sch. 2 para. 1.
2
1957 Sch. 2 para. 2; 1965 s. 16( 1); 1974 s. 9(2), Sch. 2 para. 34.
3 1957 Sch. 2 para. 3.
4 1957 Sch . 2 рага. 4.
5 1957 Sch. 2 para. 5; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 34.
67
1957 Sch . 2 para. 6; 1965 s. 16 ( 2).
1957 Sch. 2 para. 7; 1974 Sch. 2 para. 34.
Sch. 3
[ Consequential amendments . ]
Sch . 4
[ Enactments repealed. ]
lxxx Tables of Derivations and Destinations
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1974 (с. 47 )
TABLE OF DESTINATIONS
NOTES:
1. Section 11 ( 2) of the Solicitors (Amendment) Act 1974 ( с. 26 )
has the effect of converting "disciplinary committee" into
"Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal" throughout the Solicitors
Acts 1957 and 1965. Effect is given to this in the many contexts
affected, but the provision is not noted against them in column 4.
2. The abbreviations used in this Table are set out on page lxxv
above.
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
1 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
2
Sch. 1
THE SOLICITORS, PUBLIC NOTARIES, &C. , Аст 1949
( 12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 21)
Abolition of stamp duty and con-
sequential amendments .
Repealed Statute Law (Re-
peals ) Act 1974 (c. 22 ) Sch.
Repealed 1957 Sch. 3.
87(1),
89 ( 7)
Repealed 1957 Sch. 3.
Repealed Statute Law (Re-
peals) Act 1974 (c. 22) Sch.
Short title, commencement and ex-
tent.
Consequential amendments .
Repealed in part Statute Law
( Repeals) Act 1974 (c. 22 )
Sch .; otherwise unnecessary.
Repealed 1957 Sch. 3.
Sch. 2 Repeals.
Repealed Statute Law (Re-
peals) Act 1974 ( c. 22 ) Sch.
1
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957
( 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 27 )
Qualifications for practising as 1, 15(2) | Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
solicitor .
2 Rights and privileges of qualified
solicitors .
19
Amended Courts Act 1971
( c. 23) s . 1(1); repealed in
part 1974 Sch. 3.
2A Training regulations . 2 Substituted 1974 s. 2.
3 ( 1 ) General provisions as to admission
as solicitor.
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 3 ( 1 ) Substituted 1965 S. 2 ;
amended 1974 s. 3, Sch. 2
para. 6.
Repealed 1965 Sch. 4.
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
4 ( 1 ) Admission as solicitors of certain
overseas solicitors .
3(2) (3) 4 ( 1 )
( 2 ) ( 3 ) 4 ( 3 )
( 4 ) ( 5 ) 4 ( 5 )
4 ( 2 ) Amended 1965 s. 3 .
Repealed 1965 Sch. 4.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations Ixxxi
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
5 (1 )
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957-continued
Additional provisions with respect to 5(1 )(2)
admissions of overseas solicitors .
( 2 )
( 3 )
5 ( 3)
4 ( 4 )
6 The roll. 6
Substituted 1974 s. 4(1) .
7 Entry of name on roll on admission . 7
Amended 1965 Sch. 2; 1974
Sch. 2 para. 7.
7A Removal or restoration of name at
solicitor's request.
8(1)( 2 )
Inserted 1974 s. 5(1 ) .
8 Re-entry on roll of name struck off
or removed.
Repealed 1965 Sch. 4.
9( 1)( 2) Application for practising certificate. 9(1)
( 3 )
( 4) - (6 )
10 ( 1) Issue date and expiry of practising
certificates.
9 ( 5 )
9(2) - (4)
10 ( 1 )
New subsection (1) sub-
stituted 1974 Sch. 2 para. 8 .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2para. 8.
Added 1974 s. 4(2) .
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
( 2 ) - (4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) 14
10(2)(3)
9.
Substituted 1965 s. 4(1) .
Inserted 1974 Sch. 2 para. 9.
11(1)(1A ) Fee payable on issue of practising 11 (1)( 2)
certificate.
( 2 ) 11 ( 3 )
( 3 ) 11 ( 4 )
Substituted 1974 s. 6 .
Substituted 1965 s. 5(2) ;
repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Substituted 1965 s. 5( 2) .
12 (1) Discretion of Society with respect to
issue of practising certificates in
special cases .
( 2 ) ( 3) ( 4 )
( 5 )
12 (1 ) Substituted 1965 s . 6(1);
amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
10; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
12( 4) (5) Substituted 1965 s . 6; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
12(6 ) (7)
12 ( 2 )
Substituted 1965 s . 6.
Substituted 1965 s. 6; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
13 ( 1 ) Appeals in connection with issue of
practising certificates .
13 ( 1)
( 2 ) - ( 4 ) 13(2 ) - (4) Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
11 .
14 Suspension of practising certificate
in certain circumstances .
15 ( 1 )
15 ( 1 ) Duration of suspension of practising
certificate.
16 ( 1 ) Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
( 2 )
( 3)( 4 )
( 5 )
16 ( 2 )
16(3) - (5) Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
12 ( 3 ) Amended 1965 Sch. 3 .
16 Publication of suspension or termina-
tion of suspension of practising
certificate in certain cases.
17 Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
17 Evidence as to holding of practising
certificate.
18
lxxxii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
18( 1)
( 2 ) THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957 -continued
Unqualified person not to act as 20 ( 1 )
solicitor.
20 ( 2 )
Repealed in part Courts Act
1971 (c. 23) Sch. 11 .
Amended Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 ( c. 62 ss.
18(1), 30(1 )) ; repealed in
part 1974 Sch. 3 .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 paга.
12; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3 .
19 Penalty for pretending to be a
solicitor .
21 20 Unqualified person not to prepare
certain instruments etc.
22
21 Unqualified person not to act in pre-
paration of papers for probate etc.
23
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 paгa.
12 ; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
22 Application of penal provision to
body corporate.
24
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
23 No costs recoverable where un-
qualified person acts as solicitor.
25 ( 1 )
23A Recovery of moneys in certain cases . 25 ( 2 ) Inserted 1965 s. 7; repealed
in part 1974 Sch. 3.
24 Time limit for commencement of
certain proceedings .
26
25 Part I regulations . 28 Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
13 .
26 Evidence as to solicitors in Scotland. 30
27 Saving for persons authorised to
conduct legal proceedings .
27
28 (1 ) ( 2 ) General power to make rules as to
professional practice conduct and
discipline of solicitors .
31 ( 1 ) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
14 ; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
31 ( 2 )
28A Lay observers. 45 Inserted 1974 s. 7.
29 ( 1 ) Rules as to keeping of accounts by
solicitors . ( 2 ) 32 ( 1) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
15 ; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
32 ( 2 ) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
15.
( 3 )
( 3A )
( 4 )( 5 ) 30 ( 1 ) Accountants' certificates . ( 2 ) ( 3 )- Ξ 32 ( 3 )
32 ( 4 ) Inserted 1974 s. 13.
32 (5 ) New subsection ( 4 ) substi-
tuted 1974 Sch. 2 para. 15.
34(1 )(2) Substituted 1965 s . 9(1 ) ;
amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
16.
34 ( 3 ) Amended 1965 s. 9(2 )(4) ;
1974 Sch. 2 para. 16; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
34 ( 4 ) Amended 1965 s. 9( 3)( 4 ).
Tables of Derivations and Destinations 1xxxiii
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act
Remarks
30 ( 4 ) ( 5 )
( 6 ) ( 7 )
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957-continued
34 ( 5 ) ( 6 )
34 ( 7 )
34 ( 8)
31 32 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) - (8) Power of Council to deal with
property of certain solicitors.
Compensation for loss due to dis-
honesty of solicitor or clerk.
-
Amended 1965 s. 9( 4).
Amended 1965 s. 9(4) ; 1974
Sch. 2 para. 16.
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
36 ( 1 )
36(2) -(8 ) Substituted 1974 s. 9(1).
33( 1) ( 1A ) Restriction on right to practise of
solicitor who is justice of the peace. 38( 1 )
38 ( 2 )
( 2 ) 38(3)(4)
34 Solicitor not to act as agent for un-
qualified person.
39
35 Solicitor not to commence or defend
actions whilst in prison.
Employment by solicitor of person
struck off the roll or suspended. 40
36 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) 41(1)(2)
41 (3) (5)
41 ( 4 )
37 ( 1) Failure to disclose fact of having been struck off etc.
42(1)
( 2 ) 42 ( 2 )
38(1) Control of employment of certain
clerks. 43( 1 )
( 2 ) 43 ( 2 )
( 2A )- 43 ( 3 )
( 2B )- ( 3 )
( 4 ) 43 ( 4 )
43 ( 5 )
( 5 ) 43(6 ) - ( 8)
39 (1 ) Offences in connection with orders
controlling employment of certain
clerks .
44 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
44 ( 2 )
44 ( 3 )
( 4 )
-
44 ( 4 )
Inserted Administration of
Justice Act 1973 ( c. 15 ) s. 4 .
Substituted Administration
of Justice Act 1973 ( c. 15)
Sch. 1 para. 9.
Amended 1965 s. 17(1).
Amended 1965 s. 17( 2); re-
pealed 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1965 Sch. 2; 1974
Sch. 2 para. 17; repealed in
part 1974 Sch. 3.
Substituted 1965 s. 18(1 ) ;
amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
18.
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
18; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
Inserted 1965 s. 18(2 ); re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Inserted 1974 Sch. 3 para. 18.
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 paга.
18 .
Amended Powers of Criminal
Courts Act 1973 (c. 62)
Sch. 5 para. 9 ; repealed in
part 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1965 Sch. 3; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1965 s. 17( 2 ) .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
19.
lxxxiv Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act Remarks
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957-continued
40-45 Articles.
Repealed 1965 Sch. 4.
46(1 ) - (10) The Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal. 46(1 ) - (10)
( 11 )
46 ( 11 )
( 12 )
46 ( 12 )
Substituted 1974 s. 11(1).
Renumbered 1974 s. 11( 2) ;
repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Renumbered and amended
1974 s. 11( 2 ) .
47(1) Jurisdiction and powers of Tribunal.
47 ( 1 )
( 2 )
47( 2)( 3)
48 Orders of Tribunal.
48
Amended 1965 s. 20(1) ; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1965 s. 20( 2), Sch.
2; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3 .
Substituted 1974 s. 12.
49 Appeals from Tribunal.
49
Substituted 1974 s. 12.
50 Jurisdiction of Supreme Court over
solicitors .
50
Amended Courts Act 1971
( c. 23) s. 1 ( 1).
51 Procedure on certain applications to
High Court.
51
52 Power of Society to draw up order
of court.
52 Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
53 Production of order of court to
Society.
53 Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
54 ( 1 ) Restriction on power to strike names
off roll .
54 (1 ) Amended 1965 Sch. 3; 1974
Sch. 2 para. 20.
( 2 ) 54 ( 2 )
55 Applications with respect to allega- 55
tions.
56( 1) Order as to remuneration of solicitor
for non-contentious business .
56 (1 ) Amended 1965 s. 26(2).
( 2 )
( 3) - (6 )
( 7 )
56(1) (2)(8)
56(3) - (7)
56 ( 9)
57(1 ) - ( 3) Agreements with respect to remunera-
tion for non-contentious business . ( 4 ) 57(1 ) –(3)
57( 4)(5) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
21.
58 Remuneration of a solicitor who is a
mortgagee.
58
59 Power to make agreements as to
remuneration for contentious busi-
ness.
59 ( 1 )
60 ( 1 ) Effect of agreements with respect to 60(2) - (5) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
contentious business . 22.
( 2 ) 60(2)(3)
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 60( 4)( 5)
61 (1)(2) Enforcement of agreements with 61(1)(2 )
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
respect to contentious business.
23.
( 3 ) 61 ( 3 ) Substituted 1974 s. 14(1) .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxxxv
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974 Act
Remarks
61 ( 4 )
( 5 )
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957-continued
61 ( 5 )
62 ( 1 )
( 5A )
( 6 )
61 ( 4 ) ,
62 ( 2 )
62 (3 )
( 6A )
( 7 )
62 ( 4 )
61 ( 6 )
62
Death incapacity or change of
solicitor.
63
63 Agreement excludes taxation. 60 ( 1 )
64 Form of bill of costs for contentious
business.
64
65 ( 1) Miscellaneous provisions as to re-
numeration for contentious busi-
ness .
59( 2)
( 2 )
( 3 )
65 ( 1 )
66
66 Inclusion in bill of costs of disburse-
ments due but not paid.
67
67 Power of court to order solicitor to
deliver bill, etc.
68
68 Action to recover solicitor's costs . 69(1) (2)
69 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 2A ) ( 2B ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 6 ) Taxation of bills on application of
party chargeable or solicitor. ( 5 ) 70(9)( 10)
70 (1)
70(2) - (4)
70 ( 5 )
70 (6 )
70 (7)(8)
70 (12 )
70 Taxation on application of third
parties, etc.
71
71 General provisions as to taxations . 72
72 Charging orders . 73
73 ( 1 ) Special provisions as to contentious
business done in county courts. 74 ( 1 )
( 2 ) Amended 1974 s. 14 ( 2).
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
23.
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
23.
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
23.
Inserted 1974 Sch. 2 para. 23 .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
24 .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
25.
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
26.
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Amended 1974 s. 15(1), Sch.
2 para. 27.
Inserted 1974 s. 15(1).
Inserted 1974 s. 15(1 ).
Amended 1974 s. 15(1 ) ; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Inserted 1974 s . 15(1).
69 ( 3 ) Amended Administration of
Justice Act 1969 ( c. 58
Sch. 1.
( 3 )
( 4 )
74 (2 )
74 ( 3 ) Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
28.
lxxxvi Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957 -continued
74 Saving for certain enactments. 75 Repealed in part Statute Law
( Repeals) Act 1969 ( c. 52 )
Sch.; Legal Aid Act 1974
( c. 4 ) Sch. 5; amended
Costs inCriminal Cases Act
1973 ( c. 14 ) Sch. 1 para. 2;
LocalGovernment Act 1933
( c. 51) s. 242 repealed Local
Government Act 1972 ( с.
70 ) Sch. 30 and not re-
enacted .
Repealed 1974 Sch. 2 para.
29 , Sch. 3.
75 Compulsory membership of Society.-
76 Non-practising solicitors eligible for
membership of Society.
76
77 Annual subscription to Society. 77
78 Cessation and suspension of member-
ship of Society, etc.
78
79 Appointment of committees of the
Council.
79
80 Powers to act on behalf of Society. 80
81 Registration of appointment of
solicitor as commissioner for oaths.
82 Qualification for holding office of
solicitors who have been barristers .
82
83 Power of Society to inspect file of
proceedings in bankruptcy
of
solicitor .
83
84 ( 1 ) Service of documents at solicitor's
place of business. 84 (1)
( 2 )( 3) 84(2)(3)
85 Bank accounts . 85
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
30.
Repealed 1973 s. 18( 5) Sch. 3.
87(1 ) Interpretation. 87 ( 1 )
Amended 1965 Sch. 3; re-
pealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
31 .
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
32 .
Amended 1965 s . 26(1) ; 1974
Sch. 2 para. 33 ; applied
1974 s. 18(2) ; repealed in
part 1965 Sch. 4; 1974
Sch. 3.
Substituted 1974 Sch. 2 para.
33.
( 2 )( 3)
( 4 ) 87(1) ( 2 ) Saving for solicitor to public depart-
ments and City of London.
87( 2) (3) 87 ( 4 )
88( 1 )
88( 2 ) Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxxxvii
Section
ofAct Subject Matter
Sectionof
1974Act Remarks
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1957-continued
88(1)(2) | Repeals, general savings, adaptations
-
etc.
( 3 )
( 4 )
89 ( 6 )
89(1) ( 2) Short title, commencement and
extent.
( 3 ) ( 4 ) 90 ( 4 )
Sch. 1 Control of property of a solicitor in
certain cases.
- Repealed 1974 Sch. 3 .
Sch . 2 para. 1
The Compensation Fund
para. 2
-
Sch. 2
para. 1
Sch. 2
para. 2
para. 3- Substituted 1965 s. 16(1) ;
amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
34 ; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3 .
para. 4
-
para. 5
-
para. 6
-
para. 7
-
Sch. 2 para. 3
Sch. 2
para. 4
Sch. 2
para. 5 Sch. 2
para. 6
Sch. 2
para. 7
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
34 .
Amended 1965 s. 16(2) .
Amended 1974 Sch. 2 para.
34 ; repealed in part 1974
Sch. 3.
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed.
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1965
( c. 31 )
1 Additional section to principal Act
as to persons seeking admission as
solicitors .
- Repealed 1974 Sch. 3 .
2 Amendment of section 3 of principal
Act . 3(1 )
3 Amendment of section 4 of principal 4 ( 2 )
Act .
4 ( 1 ) Re-enactment of sections 9 and 10 of 9(5 ) , 14
principal Act.
( 2 )
-
Spent.
5 (1) ( 2 ) Amendment of section 11 of principal
-
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3 .
Act.
10 ( 3) ( 4)
6 Re-enactment of section 12 of
principal Act. 12
7 25( 2 )
Additional section to principal Act as
to recovery of moneys paid or to be
paid by solicitors acting without
effective practising certificates.
lxxxviii Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE SOLICITORS ACT 1965-continued
8 Interest on client's money. 33
9 ( 1 )
( 2 )
( 3 )
( 4 )
10-15
Amendment of section 30 of principal Act .
=
Extension of power of Society to deal
with property in control or posses-
sion of certain solicitors and other
persons and power to make grants
out of Compensation Fund in cer-
tain cases of hardship.
Amendment of Schedule 2 to
principal Act.
34(1) (2)
34 ( 4 )
34 ( 3)( 4)
(7 ) (8)
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3 .
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
16 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 17 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 18 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 19 ( 1 ) ( 2 ) 20(1) ( 2 ) 21-25 26 (1) ( 2 ) 27 Amendment of section 36 of principal
Act .
Amendment of section 38 of principal Act .
Amendment of section 46 of principal Act.
Amendment of section 47 of principal Act .
Amendments of various sections of
principal Act and restoration to
roll of name struck off or removed .
Amendment of section 86 of principal
Act.
Revision of certain fees and penalties in principal Act. Sch. 2
para. 2
Sch. 2 para. 6
41 ( 1 )
41 ( 3 )
43 (1 )
43 ( 3)
46 (11 )
47 ( 1)
47 ( 2 )
87 ( 1 )
56 (1 )
7, 42(1 ),
47 ( 2 )
28(1) Interpretation . 87 (1 )
( 2 ) 87 ( 4 )
29 Amendments and repeals .
30 ( 3 ) ( 1)( 2 )
Citation, commencement and extent.
90 ( 4 )
Sch. 1 Substituted Schedule 1 to principal- Act .
Sch. 2 Revision of certain fees and penalties 7, 42(1) , in principal Act. 47( 2)
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
Repealed 1974 Sch. 3.
Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Tables of Derivations and Destinations lxxxix
Section
of Act Subject Matter
Section of
1974 Act Remarks
Sch. 3 Sch. 4 THE SOLICITORS ACT 1965-continued
Minor and consequential amend-
12 ( 3),
ments.
44( 1)(2) Repealed in part 1974 Sch. 3.
Provisions of principal Act repealed.
THE SOLICITORS (AMENDMENT) ACT 1974
( c. 26 )
1 Removal of prohibition on non-
British subjects as solicitors .
29
2 Education and training. 2
3 Admission as solicitor. 3 (1 )
4 ( 1 ) Computerisation. 6
( 2 ) 9( 2) -( 4)
5 ( 1 ) Removal or restoration of name at
8(1) (2)
solicitor's request.
( 2 ) 8( 3)
6 Fee for practising certificate. 11( 1 )(2 )
7 Lay observers. 45
8 Intervention in solicitors practice. 35
9 ( 1 )
( 2 )
Compensation Fund. 36(2) - (8)
Sch. 2
para. 2
10 Professional indemnity for solicitors
and former solicitors .
37
11(1)
( 2 ) The Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal. 46(1) - (10)
46(11)( 12),
88( 5)
12 Orders of and appeals from Tribunal. 48 ,49
13 Disclosure of Director of Public Pro-
32 ( 4 )
secutions .
14 (1) Contentious business agreements. 61(3 )
( 2 ) 61( 5)
15 ( 1 ) Taxation of solicitors' bills . 70 ( 4 ) - (6 )
( 9)(12 )
( 2 ) 70 (11)
16 Banks for clients money. 32 , 87(1)
17 Termination of retainer . 65 ( 2 )
18( 1) - (4) Oaths and affidavits . 81(1 ) - (4)
( 5 ) Spent.
( 6 ) 81(5)
XC Tables of Derivations and Destinations
Section
ofAct Subject Matter Section of
1974 Act Remarks
THE SOLICITORS (AMENDMENT) ACT 1974 -continued
19 ( 1 ) Citation, etc.
( 2)( 3) 87(1)( 4)
( 4 ) - (10 )
( 11 ) 90 ( 4 )
Sch. 1 Intervention in solicitor's practice. Sch. 1
Sch. 2 Amendments.
86
para. 2 Sch. 3
para. 1
para. 3 Sch. 3
para. 2
para. 4- Sch. 3
para. 4
рага. 5 Sch. 3
para. 5
para. 6
3 ( 1 )
para. 7
7
para. 8
9(1)( 5)
para. 9
10
para. 10
12 ( 1)
para. 11
13( 2) - (4)
para. 12
21, 23(1)
para. 13
28
para. 14 31 (1 )
para. 15
32(1 )(2)( 5)
para. 16
34(1) ( 3)( 8)
рага. 17
42 (1)
para. 18 43(1 )(2)(4)
( 5 )
рага. 19 44 ( 3 )
para. 20 54 (1 )
para. 21 57 ( 5 )
para. 22
60 ( 2 ) - (5)
para. 23
61 (1)( 2)
para. 24 63
( 4 ), 62
para. 25 60 ( 1 )
para. 26 64
para. 27
70(3)( 4)
para. 28
74 ( 3 )
para. 29
para. 30
para. 31
para. 33
para. 34
80
84 (2) (3)
85
87(1) - (3)
Sch. 2
paras. 5, 7
Sch. 3 Enactments repealed,
Effect ofLegislation xci
TABLE VI
Effect of Legislation
Acts and Measures (in chronological order)
repealed, amended or otherwise affected
by those Acts and Statutory Instruments
which received the Royal Assent or were made during 1974.
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
am.
... ... amended G.S.M. ...
General Synod Measure
appl. appl. ( mod.)
.. applied incorp....
...
applied with modifications
mod.
incorporated modified
C.A.M.
...
cont .
Church Assembly Measures
restr.
restricted
... ... continued rep.... ..
excl.
excluded S.I.
repealed Statutory Instrument
expld .
explained
S.L. (Repeals)
Statute Law ( Repeals)
ext.
... extended
...
subst....
substituted
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
25 Hen. 8:
c . 19...
34 &35 Hen. 8:
c. 26 2&3 Edw. 6:
c. 1
1Eliz. 1 :
c . 2
14 Cha. 2:
c. 4
12 &13 Will. 3 :
c . 2
6Anne:
c. 53
5Geo. 1:
c. 29
20Geo. 2:
c . 43
Submission of the Clergy S. 3 excl . ( prosp.)
Act1533
... G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6 ( 1).
Laws in Wales Act 1542 S. 61 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
... Act of Uniformity 1548 Rep. ( prosp.)
... ..
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
... Act of Uniformity 1558 Rep. ( prosp. )
...
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
... Act of Uniformity 1662
Rep. ( except ss. 10, 15 ) G.S.M. No. 3 ,
( prosp. )
s. 6, sch. 2.
Act of Settlement 1700... S. 3 saved ( E.)
excl. ( prosp.)
.. 26 , s. 1.
...
47, s. 29.
...
Exchequer Court (Scot- S. 7 am.
land ) Act 1707.
S.I. No. 1274....
... Church Patronage Rep.
( Scotland ) Act 1718 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
...
Heritable Jurisdictions S. 43 am.
( Scotland) Act 1746.
S.I. No. 1274... ...
xcii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
21 Geo. 2:
c . 34
Cattle Theft (Scotland ) Rep.
Act 1747.
48 Geo. 3 :
с. 110
Herring Fishery (Scot- S. 57 am.
land) Act 1808.
50 Geo. 3 :
c. 85
Government Offices Rep.
Security Act 1810.
52Geo. 3 :
c. 66
..
Security of Public Officers Rep.
Act 1812.
55 Geo. 3 :
c . 94
...
Herring Fishery (Scot- S. 42 am.
land )Act 1815.
58 Geo. 3 :
c.45
Church Building Act Rep.
1818 .
59 Geo. 3:
c. 134
Church Building Act Rep.
1819.
1 &2Geo. 4:
c. 38
Court of Session Act S. 11 am.
1821.
3 Geo. 4:
c. 72
Church Building Act Rep. (except ss. 13, 28),
1822. s. 13 rep. in pt.
5Geo. 4:
c. 103 Church Building Act Rep.
1824.
6Geo. 4:
c. 22 Jurors (Scotland ) Act Ss. 7, 20 rep. in pt.
1825.
c. 50 Juries Act 1825 S. 29 as am. cont.
7 Geo. 4:
c. 38
Admiralty Offences Act Rep.
1826.
7 & 8 Geo. 4:
c. 72
Church Building Act Rep.
1827.
11 Geo. 4 &
1Will. 4:
c. 37
Criminal Law ( Scotland ) S. 14 rep. in pt.
Act 1830.
1 & 2 Will . 4:
c. 38
Church Building Act Rep.
1831.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1274.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1274.
22 22, S.L. L (Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2087 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
23, s. 12 ( 5).
22 22, S.L. L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2087.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation xciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
2 & 3 Will. 4:
c . 61...
Church Building Act Rep.
1832.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
3 &4 Will. 4:
c. 13...
c. 69...
Public Revenue ( Scot- S. 1
Functions
land ) Act 1833.
Treasury transfd. to
Secretary of State.
Crown Lands (Scotland ) S. 7 rep. ...
...
Act 1833 .
of S.I. No. 1274.
38, ss. 20, 23(3),
sch. 7.
4&5 Will. 4:
c . 16...
Exchequer (Scotland ) Act S. 2 am.
1834.
S.I. No. 1274 .
5& 6 Will. 4:
c. 62...
Statutory Declarations S. 12 rep. ( prosp. )
Act 1835.
... 39, s. 192(3)(b) ,
sch. 5 Pt. I.
6 & 7 Will. 4:
c. 28...
c . lxx
c. ciii
...
...
Government Offices Rep.
Security Act 1836.
Beverley Act 1836
Berwick-on- Tweed Act
... Am.
Rep.
1836.
... ... 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1351 .
S.I. No. 595....
1 &2 Vict .:
c. 61
...
c. 106
...
Government Offices
Security Act 1838.
Pluralities Act 1838
Rep... ... ... 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
...
Ss. 2-27 rep. , 95 rep. in 22, S.L. (Re-
pt. , 106 rep. peals ).
c. 107... Church Building Act Rep. ( except s. 14 )
...
22, S.L. (Re-
1838.
peals ).
2 & 3 Vict.:
c. 47
... Metropolitan Police Act
1839. S. 50 rep. ( prosp.)
...
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
c .49
... Church Building Act
1839. Ss. 1-5, 8-11 rep.
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c . 71... Police Courts
( Metropolis) Act 1839.
Ss. 27, 28 rep. in pt. 39, s. 192(3)(b),
( prosp . )
sch. 5 Pt. I.
3 & 4 Vict.:
c. 60
c . 113
... Church Building Act
1840. Rep....
... Ecclesiastical Commis-
sioners Act 1840. Ss. 32, 71, 72, 74 rep.
...
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
4& 5 Vict.:
c . 39
...
Ecclesiastical Commis- Ss. 3, 10 rep.
sioners Act 1841 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
5 & 6 Vict.:
c . 108
..
Ecclesiastical
Act 1842.
Leasing Ss. 12, 13 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
6 & 7 Vict.:
c. 37
.. New Parishes Act 1843
Rep. (except s. 6 ): s. 6 22, S.L. ( Re-
rep. in pt. peals ).
xciv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Vict.:
c . 56 Church Building ( Banns Rep.
and Marriages) Act
1844.
22 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 94 New Parishes Act 1844 .. Rep.... ..
c. 101... Poor Law Amendment
Act 1844.
Rep.
...
22 , S.L. peals ) . (Ro
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
8 & 9 Vict .:
с . 18
Lands Clauses Con-
Ss. 59, 60 rep. , 61 rep. in solidation Act 1845.
pt. , 135, 140 rep.
c . 19...
Lands Clauses Con- S. 17 ext.
solidation (Scotland )
S. 76 saved
Act 1845.
S. 107 excl .
...
... ...
...
Ss. 109, 111 ext.
S. 116 am.
...
c . 70... Church
Building Act Rep.
...
1845.
c. 124... Leases Act 1845... S. 3 saved. ( prosp.)...
22,
S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38, s . 6( 2)( a).
44, s. 115( 8).
38, s. 6(1) .
38, s. 6(3) .
44 , s. 116.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
47, s. 75( a).
9 & 10 Vict.:
c. 68... Church Building ( Burial Rep....
Service in Chapels) Act
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
1846.
c . 93
Fatal Accidents Act 1846. Mod. ( pollution ) ( prosp.) 40, s. 88( 4).
10 & 11 Vict.:
c. 89
... Town Police Clauses Act 1847.
S. 28 rep. in pt.
...
17, s. 9(2), sch.
11 & 12 Vict.:
c . 36
.. Entail Amendment Act
1848.
c. 37 ... Church Building Act
1848.
Ss. 26 rep. in pt. , 41 rep . 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
13 & 14 Vict.:
c. 94 Ecclesiastical Commis- S. 27 rep....
sioners Act 1850.
c. 98... Pluralities Act 1850... Ss. 4, 7, 8, 11 rep ....
c. 105
c. ix The Liberties Act 1850. Rep.
... Clerical, Medical and Rep.
General Life Assurance
Act 1850.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1351 .
xi, s . 21 , sch . 2.
14 & 15 Vict.:
c. 97 Church... Building Act Rep.
1851.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
15 & 16 Vict.:
c. 28
Commissioners of Works Act 1852.
S. 7 rep.
...
38, ss. 20, 23(3) ,
sch. 7.
16 & 17 Vict.:
c. 107...
Customs Consolidation Ss. 324-326, 330, 331 rep.
Act 1853 .
43, s. 24 ( 4).
Effect ofLegislation XCV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
17 & 18 Vict .:
c. 32...
Church Building Act Rep.
1854.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
18 & 19 Vict .:
с. 113
c. xxvii
...
Inverness
Bridge Rep .
( Treasury Act 1855 .
Grant)
...
TorquayMarketAct 1855
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals).
S. xviii am.
Sch. B am.
xxxii , s. 11 .
xxxii, s. 10.
19 & 20 Vict.:
c . 56
...
c . 104
...
Exchequer Court ( Scot- S. 13 Functions
of S.I. No. 1274.
land) Act 1856.
Treasury transfd. to
Secretary of State.
New Parishes Act 1856. Rep.
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
20 Vict.:
с. 19
Extra-Parochial
... Places Rep.
Act 1857.
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
20 &21 Vict.:
c. 26
Registration of Leases S. 1 am. ( retrosp. )
( Scotland ) Act 1857 .
S. 2 rep. in pt. (retrosp.) S. 16 renumbered as
S. 16(1), subs. ( 2 )
added.
S. 17 am. (retrosp.)
38, s. 18, sch. 6
para. 1 and
Note 1.
38, ss. 18, 23(3),
sch. 6 para. 2
and Note 1 ,
sch. 7.
38, s. 18, sch. 6
рага. 3.
38, s. 18, sch. 6
para. 4 and
Note 1.
S. 18 rep.
38, ss . 18 , 23(3),
sch. 6 para. 5,
sch. 7.
S. 19 rep. in pt. (retrosp. ) 38, ss. 18, 23( 3),
sch. 6 para. 6
and Note 2,
sch. 7.
21 &22 Vict.:
c. 57
...
Ecclesiastical Leasing Act S. 10 rep .
1858 .
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
23 &24 Vict.:
c. 142
...
Union of Benefices Act Rep.
1860.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
24 & 25 Vict.:
c. lxxix
Hull Docks Act 1861
... ... Rep. in pt.
xxii, s. 17.
25 & 26 Vict.:
c. 53
c. 97...
Land Registry Act 1862. S. 135 rep.
Salmon Fisheries ( Scot- S. 13 rep. ( prosp. )
land) Act 1862.
..
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
xcvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
26 & 27 Vict.:
c. 112
c. 71
Telegraph Act 1863 Ss. 9 subst. (E.), 21, 23
am. ( E.).
Harwich Harbour Act Rep. (except ss. 4, 5, 8-
1863 .
10, 15) (saving) (residue
local ).
27 & 28 Vict .:
c. 102
с. 114
Harwich Harbour Act
1864.
Improvement of Land
Act1864.
Rep. (saving)... ...
Ss. 2, 3, 7, 17, 19-21, 23,
29, 32, 56, 69, rep. in
pt.
28 & 29 Vict .:
с . 24
c. 120
...
District Church Tithes
Act 1865.
Harwich Harbour Act
1865.
Rep....
c. 122
...
Rep. (except ss. 2, 6-10,
12, 15, 16, 22, 23, 31,
40-42 ) (saving).
Clerical Subscription Act Ss. 1 , 7, 8 rep. , 4, 5, 10
1865. rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
S. 9 am. ( prosp.) ......
29 &30 Vict.:
c. lxxvii...
Hull Docks Act 1866
Rep. in pt.
...
30 & 31 Vict.:
c. 39
...
Metropolitan ( Receiver) Act 1867.
Police C. XXV
Hull Docks Act 1867
S. 1 rep. in pt....
... Rep. in pt.
...
31 & 32 Vict.:
c. 100
Court of Session Act S. 24 excl .
1868.
32 & 33 Vict.:
c. 3
Lord Napier Salary
Act 1869.
c. 68
...
Evidence Further Amend-
ment Act 1869.
c. 94.. New Parishes Acts and
Church Building Acts
Amendment Act 1869.
Rep .
...
S. 3 rep.
...
Ss. 1 , 8, 10, 11-13 гер....
33 & 34 Vict.:
c. 52
c. 77
.. Extradition Act 1870
Juries Act 1870 S.9 ext . (legal aid)
Rep....
c. 86
... ...
Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Rep .
Act 1870.
34 & 35 Vict.:
c. 26...
Universities Tests Act S. 6 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
...
1871 .
c. 56 ... Dogs Act 1871... ...
Ss. 3, 5 definitions of
" local authority",
"local rate ", sch. rep.
( Ε . ) (S.) .
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
S.I. No. 595.
i , ss. 6-9, sch. 3 .
i. ss. 6, 8, 9, sch.
3 Pt. I.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
i. ss. 6-9, sch. 3.
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 1
para. 1 .
xxii, s . 17.
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
xxii, s. 17.
38, s. 9(7 ) .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
4 , s. 30 (11 ).
23, s. 22( 4), sch.
3 .
S.I. No. 2087.
G.S.M. No. 3 ,
s. 6, sch. 2.
17, s. 9( 2), sch.
Effect ofLegislation xcvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
34 & 35 Vict.:
-cont.
c . 90
...
c. 96
с . 112
...
Union of Benefices Acts
Amendment Act 1871 .
Pedlars Act 1871
Prevention of Crime Act 1871.
Rep.... 22,
S. 20, proviso 6(2)(a)
S. 17(7)
...
S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1274.
S.I. No. 1274
35 & 36 Vict.:
c . 14
...
c. 15
Diocesan Boundaries Act
Rep.
1872.
Parks Regulation Act
1872. S. 3 am.
S. 3A added...
Ss . 5-8 am.
c. 35...
Act of Uniformity Amendment Act 1872.
Rep. (saving) ( prosp.)...
c. 93...
Pawnbrokers Act 1872 ...
Rep. ( prosp.)...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
29, s. 2, sch.
para. 1.
29, s. 2, sch.
para. 2.
29, s. 2, sch.
para. 1.
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
37 & 38 Vict.:
c.45
c. 63...
The County of Hertford Rep.
and Liberty of St.
Alban Act 1874.
Archdeaconries and Rep.
Rural Deaneries Act
1874.
S.I. No. 1351 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38 & 39 Vict.:
c . 17...
Explosives Act 1875... Excl.
50, s. 18.
Ss. 4, 5, 6 am. , 8 am. and S.J. No. 1885.
rep. in pt. , 9, 10, 10(3)
( 6 ) am. , 11 am. and
rep. in pt. , 12, 13, 17,
18, 19, 22 am. , 24 am.
and rep. in pt . , 25 rep. ,
26, rep. in pt. , and
appl. (mod. ) (except
para. 2) 28 rep. in pt.
and am. , 29 rep. in pt . ,
33 , am. , 37 rep. , 40( 1)
( 9)(a )(d), 43 , 45-47,
49 am. , 53-57 rep. , 58,
am. , 59 rep. , 60, 61 am. ,
62 rep. , 63 rep. in pt.
and am. , 64 am. , 65, 66
rep . , 69 (except para.
1), 73 rep. , 74 am. , 75 ,
76 rep. , 77 am. , 78
am. , 79, 81 rep. , 82,
83, 86 am. , 87, 88 rep. ,
89, 91 rep. in pt. , 92
rep . , 93 , 94, 96 rep. in
pt. , 103 am. , Sch. 2
rep.
S. 114 (e ) am. S.I. No. 1274.
Public Stores Act 1875 ... S. 9 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ... 39, s . 192(3 )(b)
sch . 5 Pt. I.
c. 25
2K
xcviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
38 & 39 Vict.:
-cont.
c. 55
c. 64
c. 86
41 & 42 Vict.:
c. 73
c. clxvii
42 & 43 Vict.:
c. 11
43 & 44 Vict.:
с.41
44 &45 Vict.:
c. lxxxvii...
45 & 46 Vict.:
c. 22
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Public Health Act 1875 ... S. 68 excl. ( prosp. )
S. 148 rep. (but not as to
agreement in force)
( prosp. ).
S. 265 ext. ( prosp.)
Rep.
40 , s . 54 ( b ).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Government Officers
( Security) Act 1875.
Conspiracy and Protec-
tion of Property Act
1875.
S. 3 am.
40, s. 86 (1).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
52, s . 25(1 ) , sch.
3 рага. 1.
Territorial Waters Juris-
diction Act 1878.
Callander and Oban
Railway Act 1878.
S. 3 Power to restr...
37, s . 84(4)(d) .
S. 38, sch. rep....
xxxiv, s . 15(3) ,
sch.
Bankers' Books Evidence S. 10 definition of "legal 47, s. 86.
Act 1879. proceeding" am.
( prosp. )
Burial Laws Amendment Ss. 1 , 10, 12 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 628.
Act 1880.
Dumbarton Act 1881 Am.
...
S. 2 am.
Ss. 5-48 , 50-52, 55, 70-
79, 107-129, schs . rep.
xxxiii , s. 8(1 ), sch.
xxxiii , s. 8(2) , sch.
xxxiii, s. 7, sch.
c. 43
..
c. 50
Boiler Explosions Act
1882.
Bills of Sale Act (1878)
Amendment Act 1882.
Municipal Corporations
Act 1882.
Ss. 5(1)(2)(3) am. , 6-8
rep. ( saving) .
S. 7A added. ( prosp.)
S.I. No. 1886.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 1 .
Ss. 6, 7( 3), 146 rep .
Sch. 1 rep ....
S.I. No. 1351 .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 56
Electric Lighting Act
S. 31, rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 595.
1882.
c. 61... Bills of Exchange Act Appl.
1882. S. 29 excl .
46 & 47 Vict.:
c. 18 The Municipal Corpora- Ss. 2-4, 15, sch. 1 rep.
39, s. 125(2) .
39, s. 125(1).
S.I. No. 1351 .
tions Act 1883 .
47 & 48 Vict.:
c. 55 Pensions and Yeomanry S. 4 Transfer of functions S.I. No. 1264.
Pay Act 1884.
New Parishes Acts and Rep.
c. 65 22, S.L. (Re-
Church Building Acts
peals).
Amendment Act 1884.
49 & 50 Vict.:
с. 29 Crofters Holdings (Scot- Sch. para. 1A subst.
land ) Act 1886.
45, s . 25(3).
50 & 51 Vict.:
c. 68
Pluralities Act 1887... Rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect ofLegislation xcix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
50 & 51 Vict.:
-cont.
c. 71
...
C. X
51 & 52 Vict.:
c. 41...
c. 64...
52 & 53 Vict.:
c. 10...
c. 39...
c. 45...
c. 63...
c .69
53 & 54 Vict.:
c. 21
...
c. 27
c. 35...
54 & 55 Vict.:
c . 38
c. 39
Coroners Act 1887
Ss . 19(3A), 25A added,
26 am. , 29(7A) added.
Rep.
..
23, s. 22(1), sch.
2 .
xi, s. 21 , sch. 2.
Clerical Medical and
General Life Assurance
Act 1887.
Local Government Act Ss. 3, 59( 2) rep....
1888. S. 64 rep.
S. 83, sch. 3 гер.
Law of Libel Amendment S. 3 restr .
Act 1888.
..
S.I. No. 1351 .
S.I. Nos. 595,
1351 .
S.I. No. 1351 .
53, s. 8( 6 ).
Commissioners for Oaths
Act 1889.
Judicial Factors ( Scot-
land) Act 1889.
Factors Act 1889
... Ext. ( prosp. )
Saved ( prosp.)
S. 15 am.
...
47, s. 81(1) .
47, s. 81(5 ) .
S.I. No. 1274.
S. 9 am. ( prosp. )
...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 2.
Interpretation Act 1889.
S. 26 appl. (mod. ) ( prosp.)
50, s. 5(6) .
appl. ( mod.) ( É.)
49, s. 67( 4).
( S.) ( prosp.).
appl. ( prosp.)
...
40, s. 95( 3).
appl. ( mod.)
...
37, s. 46( 4)( 5) .
S. 33 saved appl. (mod.) (Ε.)
23, s . 2( 4).
20, s. 13( 2 ).
S. 38 saved. (E.)
23, s . 22(5) .
saved saved. (E. ) (S.)
37, s . 60( 7).
49, s . 88( 6 ) .
saved. ( prosp.)
46 , s. 116 ( 3).
saved. (E.) ( prosp.)
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6( 4).
saved. ( E.)
3, s. 47(3) .
saved. ( E.)
4, s. 42( 4).
Public Bodies Corrupt S. 7 am.
saved . ( E.) ( prosp.) 47 , s . 89( 8) .sch. 1
44, s. 1( 1),
Practices Act 1889.
para. 4.
Inland Revenue Regu- Ss. 5, 39 definitions of
lation Act 1890.
" Goods ", "Plain-
tiff ", "Defendant" rep.
Colonial
Courts of S. 2( 2) am.
Admiralty Act 1890.
Boiler Explosions Act
1890.
Rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2148.
S.I. No. 1886.
Stamp Duties Manage-
ment Act 1891 .
Stamp Act 1891 ...
S. 24 ext. ( E. &W.)
S. 24 ext. (E. &W. )(prosp.)
S. 12 appl.
S. 115 ext .
26 s. 18(1).
47, s. 81(1) .
30 , s. 49.
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. 1 para. 6(3).
S. 115(3) am.
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. 1 para. 6(1).
Sch. 1 heading "Bearer 30, s. 49, sch. 11
Instrument"
am.Pt. 1 para. 2,
( saving ) .
Pt. III .
C Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
54 & 55 Vict.:
c. 39 cont.
c. 50...
Stamp Act 1891--cont. Sch. 1 heading "Dupli-
cate or Counterpart"
am.
Sch. 1 heading " Lease or
Tack " am. and subst.
Commissioners for Oaths Act 1891 .
S. 1 rep. in pt . ( prosp.)
...
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. I para. 9.
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. I para. 10.
39, s. 192(3 )(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
55 & 56 Vict.:
c .4 Betting and Loans Ss. 2-4 rep. , 6rep. ( saving)
( Infants) Act 1892. ( prosp. ).
S. 7 rep. (definitions
"indictment" , " sum-
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
39, s . 192( 3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
mary conviction ")
( prosp . ).
c. 55 Burgh Police ( Scotland ) Ss. 107-109 rep. , 110 in 40 , s. 108, sch. 4
Act 1892. pt. , 111-114, 116 rep.
( prosp. ).
S. 389 rep. in pt.
S. 453 rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
c. 59 Telegraph Act 1892 Ss. 3 rep. in pt. ( E.) 5
17, s. 9( 2), sch.
39, s. 192(3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S.I. No. 595.
( 2)(b) am. (E.) , 9 defini-
tions of " urban sani-
tary authority ",
"urban sanitary
district" rep . (Е.) .
c. clxxxvii ... Pontypridd Burial Bd. Rep.
Act 1892 .
S.I. No. 595.
56 & 57 Vict.:
с.44.. Sheriff Courts Consigna- Ss. 7-10 am.
tions (Scotland) Act
1894.
Sale ofGoods Act 1893 ... S.I. No. 1274.
c. 71 S. 14( 3) subst. ( prosp.)...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 3.
S. 14(6 ) rep. ( prosp.)
39, s. 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S. 25(2) am. ( prosp.)...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 4.
c. 73... Local Government Act S. 27(1 )(b) rep. ( prosp.) ... 39, s. 192(3)(b),
1894.
sch. 5 Pt. I.
57 & 58 Vict .:
c. 30
... Finance Act 1894... S. 15(2 ) am....
c. 60 Merchant Shipping Act S. 86 excl .
1894.
...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 1 .
43, s. 11( 4) , sch. 2
para. 1( 2 ).
43, s. 11(4), sch.
2 para. 1( 3).
c. lxxxiv
Ss . 272(2) , 273, 275, 276,
278-282 Power to appl .
( mod. ).
S. 668( 1 ) ( d) subst.
S. 668 ( 1 ) (dd) added
S. 668(3) rep. in pt.
S. 668(4) (5 ) added
St. Andrews Links Act Rep.
1894.
S.I. No. 2087 .
43, s. 18.
S.I. No. 2087.
43, s. 18.
iii, s. 30, sch.
Effect ofLegislation ci
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
58 & 59 Vict.:
c . 16 с. 19 Finance Act 1895 S. 12 excl . Court of Session Con- Ss. 9, 12-14, 16 am. signations (Scotland)
Act 1895.
c. 36 ... Fatal Accidents Inquiry S. 2 am...
( Scotland) Act 1895. S. 4 excl ....
с. 42 Sea Fisheries Regulation S. 8(1 )( f ) rep. ( prosp. )
( Scotland ) Act 1895.
52, s. 19(6) .
S.I. No. 1274.
37, s. 14 ( 7 ).
37, s. 14(7).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
59 & 60 Vict.:
с. 25
Friendly Societies Act Rep. (except ss . 22, 62,
1896
64-67, 103, 104 in pt.)
S. 22 (2) am.
46, s. 116 (2)(4),
schs. 10, 11.
46 s. 116 (1), sch.
9 para. 1 .
60 & 61 Vict .:
c. 30
c. 38
... Police (Property) Act
1897.
... Public Health (Scotland)
Act 1897.
S. 1(1) rep. in pt. ( proso. ) 39, s. 192(3 ) ( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S. 22 am. ( prosp.)...
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 1.
S. 24 appl . ( prosp.)
40, s . 74(2)(a) .
am. ( prosp.) 40, s. 99, sch . 2
para. 2.
S. 36( 1) am. ( prosp . ) 40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 3.
c. clxxix Callander and Oban S. 39 para. 1. rep. ( prosp. )
Ss. 26, 27 гер. .. xxxiv, s. 15(3 ),
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Railway Act 1897. sch.
S. 28 am. xxxiv, s . 14, sch.
61 & 62 Vict.:
c. 15 Societies' Borrowing Rep. ( prosp.)...
Powers Act 1898 .
c. 23 ...
Union of Benefices Act
Rep.
1898.
с .44
Merchant Shipping
Sch. 2 am.
( Mercantile Marine
Fund ) Act 1898.
46 , s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 868 .
62 & 63 Vict.:
c. 46
...
c. xlvii
Improvement of Land
Act 1899.
Dumbarton Act 1899
S. 6 rep.
Ss. 31-35 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
xxxiii, s . 7, sch.
63 & 64 Vict.:
c. 15
с. 51
...
...
c. cxxxii
c. ccxxxiv
c. cclxxxi
Burial Act 1900 ...
Money Lenders Act 1900
Nottingham Act 1900
Halifax Act 1900
Southport Act 1900..
Ss. 1 , 2, 7-11 rep .
Rep. (prosp. )
S. 14 rep.
S. 170 rep.
S. 138 гер .
S.I. No. 628.
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
1 Edw. 7:
c. Cxx v
Kingston- upon -Hull Act S. 57 rep. S.I. No. 595 .
1901.
c. cxxviii
c. cxxix
Blackpool Act 1901
S. 64 rep. Burton-upon -Trent Act S. 115 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
1901 .
c. cxciii
Manchester Act 1901.. ... S.44 rep. S.I. No. 595.
cii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
2Edw. 7:
c. lxii
c. cxxxvii
c . cclxi
...
...
...
Birkenhead Act 1902
Leicester Act 1902
Glasgow Act 1902
... S. 24 rep.
S. 105 rep.
S. 34 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 812.
3 Edw. 7:
c . 20
...
c . 33
c . ccxxxiii... Patriotic Fund Re-
organisation Act 1903.
Burgh Police (Scotland )
Act 1903 .
Bradford Act 1903
Sch. 1 para. 1( b)- (d)
replaced ( E.) .
S. 23 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 24 rep. in pt. (prosp. ) ...
S. 54 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 595.
5Edw. 7:
c . i
... Leeds Act 1905 ... ... S. 306 rep.... ...
S.I. No. 595.
6Edw. 7:
c .14
... Alkali, &c. Works Regu- Ss. 3-5 rep. ( prosp. )
lation Act 1906.
S. 8 rep. ( prosp. )
...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 1, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 2, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 2170.
c . 34 ...
Prevention of Corruption Act 1906.
S. 9(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 9(5 )( 7) mod. (as origin-
ally enacted) (G.B. ).
Ss. 10, 11 rep . (G.B.)
S. 11( b), rep. in pt. ( prosp . )
S. 12 rep . (G.B.)
S. 12(1)(d) rep. ( prosp.) ...
S. 12( 4) am. ( prosp. )
...
S.I. No. 2170.
40, s. 108, sch. 4 .
S.I. No. 2170.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
рага. 4.
S. 13 rep.
Ss. 14, 15 rep. ( prosp.)
S.I. No. 2170.
...
...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 1 , sch. 4.
S. 16A appl . ( prosp. )...
am. ( prosp.)
40 , s. 78( 2 ).
...
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 5.
rep. ( G.B.)...
S.I. No. 2170.
S. 17 rep. (prosp. )... 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 18 rep. (G.B.) S.I. No. 2170.
S. 18( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 18( 4) rep . ( prosp. )... 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 19 rep. ( prosp.)... 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 20 rep. in pt. (prosp.) ... 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
rep. ( G.B.) S.I. No. 2170....
S. 21 rep. ( G.B.) S.I. No. 2170.
S. 22(1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp . ) 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 27 rep . in pt. , and am. 40, s. 108, sch. 3
( prosp. ) . para. 3.
S. 27(1 ) definitions of S.I. No. 2170.
"inspector", "chief
inspector " added.
( G.B.) .
S. 28(b) , rep. in pt. , (c)
rep. ( prosp. ). Sch. 1 para. (61) added.
( prosp. ).
S. 1( 3 ) rep. in pt. (E.)
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 4 .
... S.I. No. 595.
Effect ofLegislation ciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
7 Edw. 7 :
c. 42
... Sea Fisheries ( Scotland ) S. 1 am.
Application of Penal-
ties Act 1907.
c. 51
Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ).... S. 38A added
...
c. 53
c . cl
Act 1907 .
... Public Health Acts S. 94(1 ) am. (E.)
Amendment Act 1907.
... Dumbarton Act 1907 Rep....
...
8 Edw. 7:
c . 32
c. 33
c . 53
... Rep. ( prosp. )
Friendly Societies Act
1908.
... Telegraph (Construction)
S. 2 subst. ( E.)
Act 1908.
...
Law of Distress Amend-
ment Act 1908 . ... ...
...
S. 4(1) rep. in pt. (prosp. )
S. 4A added ( prosp.)
...
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
S.I. No. 1274.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 1.
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 1 .
xxxiii, s. 7, sch.
46 , s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11.
S.I. No. 595.
39, s. 192( 3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
39, s. 192(3)(a),
( 4 ), sch. 4 Pt. I,
para. 5.
S.I. No. 1885.
x, ss. 6, 12, sch. 2.
9 Edw. 7:
c. 43
C. X
...
Revenue Act 1909 S. 11 rep.
U.K. Temperance and Rep. ( except ss. 1-3, 5-7,
General Provident
24 ) (saving for s. 26 ) .
Institution Act 1909.
1 & 2 Geo. 5:
c .49..
Small Landholders (Scot- land ) Act 1911.
S. 2(1) saved
.. ...
38, s . 8(5).
2& 3 Geo. 5 :
c. 30 ... Trade Union Act 1913 S. 2(1) replaced
...
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2( 2) .
Ss. 3-6 words restored
52 , s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2( 3) .
Ss. 3(1 ), 4( 1)(2) rep. in pt. 52, s. 25(1)(3) ,
sch. 3 para.
2 ( 4 ), sch. 5.
S. 6A added
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2(5) .
S. 7 subst.
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2(6 ) .
3&4Geo. 5:
c. 20 Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) S. 153(3) am.
Act 1913 .
c. 27 Forgery Act 1913 S. 3(3)(e) am....
...
S.I. No. 1274.
am.
( E.&W.)
( prosp. ).
...
26, s. 19( 4), sch. 2
para. 2.
47, s . 89(1 ), sch. 3
para. 1 .
iii, s. 30, sch.
c. xxviii... St. Andrews Burgh Pt. IV rep.
Extension and Links
Act 1913 .
4 & 5 Geo. 5 :
c .43 Entail (Scotland ) Act S. 9 rep.... ... ...
1914 .
c.59... Bankruptcy Act 1914... S. 38A added ( prosp. )...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 6.
civ Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Geo. 5 :
c. 89
Finance (No. 2 ) Act 1915
S. 45(8) rep .
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 93
War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act 1915.
S. 8(1) - (3) rep. in pt. 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
( prosp .).
11 .
c. iii...
Birkenhead Act 1915
...
Rep.
...
S.I. No. 595.
8 & 9Geo. 5 :
c . lxi
... Sheffield Act 1918
... S. 418 rep .
9& 10Geo. 5 :
c. 69 Industrial Courts Act Ss. 1-3 , 7, 9, as am. cont.
1919.
10 & 11 Geo. 5:
c . 18 Finance Act 1920
... S. 37( 2 ) rep.
..
c. xcvii Manchester Act 1920
c. cxx... Harwich Harbour Act
1920.
Pt. VII (except ss. 57, 66 rep. in pt .) rep .
Rep. (saving)..
11 & 12 Geo. 5:
c. 31
c. 65
Police Pensions Act 1921
Trade Facilities Act 1921
Transfer of functions
Rep...
c. lxxiv
... Liverpool Act 1921... S. 561 rep.
12 & 13 Geo. 5:
c. 52 Allotments
... Act 1922.
( Scotland ) S. 2(10) rep.
13 Geo. 5:
Sess. 2. c. 4
Trade
Facilities and Ss . 1 , 3(2) rep .
Loans Guarantee Act
1922.
13 & 14 Geo. 5 :
c. 8
Industrial Assurance Act 1923.
S. 3 am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 4( 2) rep. in pt.
..
S. 8 (2)(b) am. ( prosp.)
S. 8 (4) added ( prosp. )
S. 20(1)(b) am. (prosp.) ...
S. 36(1) am. (prosp.)
...
S. 36(2) am. ( prosp.)
rep. in pt . ( prosp. )
S. 39 ext . (prosp. )
S. 39(1 ) saved (prosp .)
ext. ( prosp. )
..
S.I. No. 595 .
52, s. 25(1), sch. 3
рага. 3.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt . IV.
S.I. No. 520 .
i, ss. 6, 8, 9, sch . 3
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 1264.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 595.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9 para. 2.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9 para. 3( a ).
46, s. 116( 1), sch.
9 para. 3(b) .
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9 рага. 4.
46 , s. 116 (1 ), sch.
9para. 5( a) .
46, s. 116(1 ) , sch.
9 рага. 5( b) .
46, s. 116(1)(4) ,
sch. 9 paга.
5( b), sch. 11.
46, ss. 71(6 ) , 73
( 4), 75(6) .
46, s. 98( 2).
46, s. 73( 4), sch. 5
para. 7.
Effect ofLegislation CV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
13 & 14Geo. 5:
c. 8 cont.-
Industrial Assurance Act S. 39( 5) saved ( prosp .)
1923. -cont.
S. 44 am.
Sch. 4 appl . ( prosp. )
c. 16...
Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1923 .
S. 8 excl . ( prosp. )
...
...
S. 9( 5) am. ( prosp. )
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
c. 17 Explosives Act 1923 S. 3 rep.
14 & 15 Geo. 5:
c . 11... Friendly Societies Act
1924 . Rep. ( prosp . )... ...
c . xii... St. Andrews Links Act
Rep.
...
1924.
15 & 16 Geo. 5:
c. 18
c . 19...
Settled Land Act 1925
Trustee Act 1925
..
S. 73 ext .
Ext. ( prosp. )
...
Ext. ( prosp. )
... ...
c. 20
c. 21
с. 22
Ss. 39, 40 appl . (mod.)
Law of Property Act 1925 Appl.
S. 28 ext.
S. 115 ext . ( prosp. )
... Land Registration Act
S. 144 saved ( prosp.)
1925.
Land Charges Act 1925 ... S. 15 ext .
S. 15(1) am.
S. 19 ext.
с. 23... Administration of Estates S. 9 excl .
Act 1925.
c . 24... Universities and College S. 26 ext .
Estates Act 1925 .
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
46, s. 98( 8).
49, s. 72(11).
48, s. 75(1)(b).
40, s . 54( b).
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 5.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 1885.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11 .
iii , s. 30, sch.
44, s . 77( 3) .
26, s . 8, sch. 1
para. 11.
47, s . 35, sch. 1
para. 11 (2).
52, s. 4(1).
44, s. 94 ( 4).
44, s . 77(3) .
46, s. 57.
47, s. 75( b ).
44, ss. 36(5)(a) ,
52(6 )(a) , 75(5),
90( 4), 126(a).
7, s. 16 .
32, s. 1(1) .
39, s. 176 ( 7).
44, s. 77( 3).
c. 36 Finance Act 1925... S. 25(3) rep. in pt....
c. 38... Performing Animals S. 1( 2) am. (E. &W.)
( Regulation ) Act 1925
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
...
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 2(1).
S. 1 ( 5)(7) rep. in pt. 7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
( Ε. &W. ) .
sch. 6 para.
2 ( 1), sch. 8.
S. 1(8) added (E. &W.) ...
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 2(1).
S. 5( 3) rep. in pt. ( E. &W.)
7, ss. 35, 42 (2) .
sch. 6 para,
2 ( 2 ) , sch. 8 .
c.48...
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
с .49...
Improvement of Land Rep.
Act (1899) Amendment
Act 1925.
Supreme Court of
Judicature ( Consolida-
tion) Act 1925.
S. 27 ext . (prosp.)
appl. ( prosp. )
...
..
S. 63( 1) Power to restr.
( prosp . ).
Power to restr.
S. 120 saved ( prosp. )
excl. ( prosp. )...
40, s. 39(8).
37, s. 69( 4).
37, s. 69( 6 ).
52, ss. 8 (8) , 21 (9) .
47, s. 19( 2 ).
47, s . 50(1).
cvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
15 & 16 Geo. 5:
c .49 -cont.
c. 86
c. 88
c. liv
c. cii
c. cvi
Supreme Court of S. 216(1)(a) am. (prosp . ) 47, s. 89( 1), sch.
Judicature (Consolida-
3para . 2 .
tion ) Act 1925-cont. am.
26, s. 19( 4), sch.
... Criminal Justice Act 1925
S. 33 ext .
2рага. 3 .
... ...
49, s. 80 ( 3).
...
Coastguard Act 1925
...
Ss. 1(1), 2 functions of
S.Í. No. 692.
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary
of State for Trade.
... Bedwellty Act 1925... S. 40 гер . ... ...
S.I. No. 595.
... Blackpool Act 1925 S. 110 rep.
...
S.I. No. 595.
Colonial Bank Act 1925 S. 5 rep....
... ..
ix, s. 4, sch.
S. 8 am.... ... ..
vii, s. 5.
Power to am.
ix, s. 3.
Ss. 10, 10 , 11, 14-16 , 18, 23-
ix, s. 4, sch.
28, 30, 31, 35-37 , sch. 2
rep.
C. CX... Mersey Tunnel Act 1925 S. 81 subst.
...
S.I. No. 595.
16 & 17 Geo. 5:
c. 3... Trade Facilities Act 1926 Rep.
c . 31... Home Counties (Music S. 3(5 ) subst.... ...
and Dancing)
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
7, s. 35, sch. 6
рага. 3.
Licensing Act 1926.
c.43... Public Health ( Smoke Rep.... ...
S.I. No. 2170.
Abatement) Act 1926.
c . 50... Burgh Registers (Scot-
land ) Act 1926. Ss. 1(1) rep. in pt. , ( 2), 4, 22, S.L. ( Ro
sch. 2 rep.
peals ).
c . 59 ... Coroners ( Amendments)
Act 1926. S. 13(2)(e) am.... ...
37, s . 83(1 ), sch. 9
para. 1.
17 & 18 Geo. 5:
с. 21 ...
c. ciii...
Moneylenders Act 1927
Rep. (prosp. )
Manchester Act 1927
... S. 29 rep...
39, s . 192( 3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S.I. No. 520.
18 & 19 Geo. 5:
c. 32 Petroleum
( Consolida- Ss. 1 ( 2)(3), 2(4)(a)- (c ) S.I. No. 1942.
tion) Act 1928.
am ., 3 subst. , 4, 5( 2 )
am. , 6 rep. , 7(6), 8 in
pt. , 9( 3) am . , 10 , 12
rep. , 13 am, 13( 1 ) rер.
in pt. 14-16, гер. , 18(3)
am., 19 rep. , 23 rep. (as
to definition of
"Government
In-
spector ") .
C. V ...
Harwich Harbour Act Rep. (saving)
...
1928.
i, ss . 6, 8, 9, sch . 3
Pt. I.
19 & 20 Geo. 5:
c. 17
...
c. 28
Local Goverment Act
1929. ... Industrial Assurance and
Friendly Societies Act
1929.
Sch. 10 paras. 15, 18 гер.
Ss. 1( 1)( 2) rep. in pt. , ( 3)
гер. , 3(1)(3) гep. in pt . ,
( 4 ) гер. , 5(1)( 3) in pt.
( prosp. ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals.)
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11 .
Effect ofLegislation cvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
19 &20Geo. 5:
-cont.
c . 29...
Government Annuities Ss. 30, 65 rep .
Act 1929 .
...
22, S.L. (Re-
22peals)
peals ).
20&21 Geo. 5:
c . 28 ...
Finance Act 1930... S. 40 ( 2 ) am.... ...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 2.
с . 44 ... Land Drainage Act 1930 S. 23(1) subst.
S.I. No. 595.
...
S. 41( 7) functions of
S.I. No. 692.
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Trade.
c . li ...
S. 40( 3) am.
...
Rep...
...
S.I. No. 691 .
x, s. 12, sch. 2.
c. clxxviii
U.K. Temperance and
General Provident
Institution Act 1930.
Manchester Act 1930
Pt. VI rep.
...
S.I. No. 520.
21 &22 Geo. 5 :
c. 28
... Finance Act 1931
... S. 40(1 )(b)... ...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 3.
22&23 Geo. 5:
c. 53... Ottawa Agreements Act
1932. c. xxii ... St. Andrews Links Act
1932.
S. 12(1) rep. in pt....
Rep.
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
iii, s. 30, sch.
23 &24Geo. 5:
c . 12... Children and Young S. 8 rep. ( prosp. )...
...
39, s . 192( 3)(b),
Persons Act 1933 .
sch . 5 Pt. I.
c . 13... Foreign Judgments
Ext. ( prosp. )
( Reciprocal Enforce-
..
35, s. 5.
Pt . I ( ss. 1-7 ) appl. ( mod. ) 43, s. 6(4)(5).
ment) Act 1933.
( prosp.).
c. 21 ... Solicitors (Scotland ) Act
S. 7 mod.
... ...
39, s. 146( 3).
1933.
c. 35... Trout (Scotland ) Act
S. 5 rep....
1933.
24 & 25 Geo. 5:
c .40
c. xcvii
... Administration ofJustice
( Appeals) Act 1934.
Manchester Act 1934
Sch. rep. in pt. ( prosp. )...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
... Pt. IX, sch. 1 rep....
S.I. No. 520.
26 Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8 :
c. 22
Hours of Employment | Ss. 1( 2) rep. in pt., 3(5 ) S.I. No. 1941 .
( Conventions)
Act rep.
1936.
c . 27...
Petroleum (Transfer of S. 1( 1), ( 4 ) am.... ..
S.I. No. 1942.
Licenses) Act 1936.
c. 35 Solicitors Act 1936
... ... Rep. (1.5.75 )
...
c.49... Public Health Act 1936... S. 1 ( 2) excl . ( prosp.)
S. 3 ext .
S. 3(1)(b) am. ( prosp.)
...
...
26 , s. 19(5 ) (7 ),
sch. 3 Pt. II
and S.I. 534
37, s . 76(2)(b).
3, s. 28.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 6.
Ss. 6 ext. , 9 Power to 3, s. 28.
apply.
S. 19( 3) am. ( prosp. )...
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para . 6 .
cviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
26 Geo. 5 &
1Edw. 8 :
c . 49 -cont.
Public Health Act 1936
-cont.
S. 25 ext . (prosp. )
S. 27(2) am. ( prosp.)
S. 34(5) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 36(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 41 ( 3) am. ( prosp.)
S. 53 rep. (prosp. )
S. 61 subst. ( prosp.)
ext. (Inner London)
( prosp.).
saved ( prosp.)
...
ext. ( prosp. )
S. 61(1 ) as subst. ( saved )
( prosp.).
S. 62 subst. ( prosp.)
ext. ( Inner London)
( prosp. ) .
restr. ( prosp. )
ext. (prosp . )
saved ( prosp. )
S. 63 saved ( prosp. )
...
ext. (prosp.)
S. 64 saved ( prosp. )
subst. ( prosp. )
...
ext. ( prosp . )
S. 64( 1 )-(3 ) Power to
appl. (mod.) (prosp.).
S. 64(3) as subst. am.
( prosp . ) .
S. 64( 4) rep . ( prosp.)
S. 65 Reprinted as am.
( prosp. ) .
saved ( prosp.)
ext . ( prosp . )
S. 65(1) am. ( prosp. )
S. 65( 2A) added ( prosp. )
S. 65(3) am. , proviso
added ( prosp.).
S. 65( 4) am. , proviso
added (prosp.).
Ss . 66, 67 saved ( prosp.)
ext. ( prosp. )...
S. 67 rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) ...
am. ( prosp. )
ext.( Inner London )
( prosp.).
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
40, s. 28( 2) .
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 7.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 8.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 9 .
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 10.
37, ss. 64(11 ) , 83
( 2 ), sch. 10.
37, s. 61(1) .
37, s. 70(1) .
37, s . 62( 5).
37, ss. 74, 76(4).
37, s. 62(1)(6 ) .
37, s. 61(1).
37, s. 70(1 ) .
37, s . 65( 2) (c) .
37, ss . 74, 76( 4).
37, s . 62(5) .
37, s . 62(5) .
37, ss . 74, 76( 4).
37, s . 62(5) .
37, s . 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 1( a).
37, ss . 63(5), 74,
76 ( 4) .
37, s. 63( 4).
37, s. 69.
37, ss . 61 (3) , 83
( 2 ), sch. 6 Pt. I
para. 1 ( b), sch.
10 .
37, s . 61(4) , sch.
6, Pt. II.
37, s . 62(5) .
37, ss. 74, 76( 4).
37, s . 61 (3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 2(a) .
37, s. 61 ( 3) , sch. 6
Pt. I para. 2(b) .
37, s . 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 2(c).
37, s. 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 2(d).
37, s . 62(5) .
37, ss. 74, 76(4) .
37, s. 83(2 ), sch.
10.
37, s. 69(3) .
37, s. 70 (1) .
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
26Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8 :
c. 49 -cont.
1 Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6 :
c. 5
c. 28
...
...
c. 37 ...
c .40...
Effect ofLegislation cix
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
Public Health Act 1936
-cont.
Trunk Roads Act 1936...
Harbours, Piers and
Ferries (Scotland) Act
1937.
Children and Young
Persons (Scotland) Act
1937.
Public Health (Drainage
of Trade
Act 1937.
Premises)
Ss. 68-71 saved ( prosp. )
ext. ( prosp. )...
S. 71 rep. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 72-77 rep. ( prosp.)...
Ss. 79, 80 rep. ( prosp. )...
S. 90(2) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 90( 3) subst. (prosp.)
...
S. 94(2) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 95 appl. ( prosp. )
S. 95(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 259( 2) гер. ( prosp.)
Pt . XII (ss . 271-347 ) appl.
( mod. ) (prosp.).
Ss . 271 , 277 incorp....
S. 277 am.
S. 283 am....
Ss . 283-286 incorp....
S. 288 am.
S. 291 am.
S. 292 rep .
Ss. 304, 317, 322-325, 328 incorp.
S. 341 excl .
S. 343(1 ) definition of
"building regulations"
rep. ( prosp.).
S. 6(6 ) rep. (prosp. )
Functions of Secretary of
State for Trade and In-
dustry transfd. to Secre-
tary of State for Trade.
S. 19 rep . ( prosp. )...
S. 2( 4) rep . ( prosp. )...
S. 2( 5) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 3( 2) rep . ( prosp. )
S. 4 excl . ( prop.)
S. 4(1) - (3) rep. ( prosp.)
S. 4(5) am. (prosp. )
S. 7(1) proviso rep.
( prosp.).
S. 9 am. ( prosp.)
..
S. 10(1) am. ( prosp. )
...
37, s . 62( 5) .
37, ss. 74, 76(4) .
37, ss. 62( 5), 83
( 2 ), sch. 10.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3,
para. 7, sch. 4.
37, s. 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 3( a).
37, s. 61 (3), sch . 6
Pt . I para. 3(b) .
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 11 .
40, s. 74( 2)( b ).
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 12.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
37, s . 65( 4) .
3, s. 32.
44, s . 126(5)(a) .
44, s . 126(5)(b) .
3, s. 32.
44 , s. 126 ( 5)( c ).
44, s . 126 (5)(d) .
7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
3, s. 32.
37, s. 72( 4).
37, s. 83( 2), sch .
10.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 692.
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 8, sch. 4.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 13.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 8, sch. 4.
40, s . 43(1 )(2).
40, ss . 43(1) 108,
sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 9.
40, s . 108, sch. 3
para. 8, sch. 4.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 14.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 10.
CX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1Edw. 8 &
1 Geo. 6:
c .40 -cont. Public Health ( Drainage
of Trade Premises)
Act 1937-cont.
c . xliii...
Glasgow Streets, Sewers, etc. Act 1937. c. lii...
Ashdown Forest Act 1937 S. 11 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 14(1) rep. ( as to defini-
tion of "interested
body ") ( prosp.).
S. 5 am. and rep. in pt.
...
S. 36 am. and rep. in pt....
S. 37 rep.
Ss. 38 subst . , 38A added
Rep. (saving)
...
S. 18 am.
... ...
1 & 2 Geo. 6:
c. 24
... Conveyancing ment (Scotland) Act
Amend- S. 9( 3) added
1938.
с . 44... Road Haulage Wages
Act 1938 .
c. 52... Coal Act 1938... ...
...
S. 15( 1) definition of
"Trade Union" subst .
S. 15 ext. in pt. (mod.)
( prosp. ).
c. lvii... Harwich Harbour Act Rep. ( saving)
... ...
1938.
c. xciii... Green Belt Act 1938... S. 2 am. and rep. in pt ...
2& 3 Geo. 6 :
c. 18
... Local Government Residue rep. ( E.)...
Superannuation Act
1939.
с . 31... c. 57... Civil Defence Act 1939 ... Ss. 74(2) , (4) , 86 гер....
c. 41... Finance Act 1939 S. 37( 2 ) am.... ...
War Risks Insurance Act
S. 20 rep.
...
1939.
c. 75... Compensation ( Defence) S. 13 am. ( prosp. )...
Act 1939.
c. 102
S. 17(1) definition "con-
ditional sale agree-
ment" added ( prosp.).
definition "hire pur-
chase agreement"
subst. ( prosp . ).
S. 18( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 1( 3)(a)( b) subst.
( prosp. ).
Ss. 4, 6( b ) rep . ( prosp.)
...
c. 120...
S. 5 rep.
...
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40 , s. 108, sch. 4 .
v, s. 10 ( 5), sch.
v, s. 10(1), sch.
v, s. 10 ( 4) , sch .
v, s. 10(2)(3), sch.
xxi, ss . 5, 6, 33,
sch. 2.
xxi , s . 27(3) .
38, s. 13.
52, s. 25(1), sch.
3 рага. 4.
40, s. 25(1), (3).
i , ss. 6, 8, 9, sch. 3
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 520.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
30 , s . 49, sch. 11
Pt. I para. 7.
22 , S.L.
( Re-
peals).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 7.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 8(1).
39, s . 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 8(2).
39, s. 192( 3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 9.
39, s. 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
3 & 4 Geo. 6 :
c. 10
c . 19...
Liability for War Damage
( Miscellaneous Provi-
sions) Act 1939.
Restriction of Advertise-
ment ( War Risks
Insurance) Act 1939.
... Industrial Assurance and
Rep.
...
Friendly Societies
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
( Emergency Protection
from Forfeiture) Act
1940 .
Societies (Miscellaneous Ss. 8-10, 12 rep. ( prosp. ) 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
Provisions) Act 1940. 11 .
Effect ofLegislation cxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
3 & 4 Geo. 6
-cont.
c. 42 Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions )
( Scotland ) Act 1940.
4& 5 Geo. 6 :
c. 3 Local Elections and
Register of Electors
( Temporary sions) Act 1940.
Provi-
5& 6Geo. 6 :
c. 21 Finance Act 1942...
6 & 7 Geo. 6 :
c. 21 c. 32
S. 4(2)(b)(c) rep. ( prosp.) 39, s. 192( 3)( b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
S. 6( 2) am.
S.I. No. 1274....
S. 2 rep. (S.)
... S.I. No. 812.
S. 2( 1) rep. in pt. ( E.), ( 2)
S.I. No. 520.
am. and rep. in pt. ( E.)
Sch. 11 Pt. II rep. in pt.... 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
War Damage Act 1943
... S. 122 rep .
... Hydro-Electric Develop-
ment (Scotland) Act
1943.
S. 12(1) am...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
8, s. 4( 1 )(3), sch.
2 рага. 2.
Local Elections and
Register of Electors
(Temporary Provi-
sions) Act 1943.
Education Act 1944...
S.I. No. 812.
S.I. No. 520.
52, s. 1( 2), sch. 1
para. 27( 1).
37, s. 83( 2), sch.
10 .
S.I. No. 595.
7 &8Geo. 6 :
c. 2
c. 31...
S. 2 rep. (S.)
S. 2( 1) rep. in pt. ( E.),
( 3) am. ( E.) and rep. in
pt. ( E.).
S. 24(2) proviso para. ( a)
mod.
S. 63(1 ) rep. ( prosp. )...
S. 114( 1) definition of
"local education auth-
thority" rep. in pt.
8 & 9 Geo. 6:
c. 5...
Representation of the S. 34 rep. (S. )
People Act 1945. S. 34(1 ) am. ( Ε.) (1)(3)
rep. in pt. (E.), (3 )(4)
S.I. No. 812.
S.I. No. 520.
am. ( E.).
c . 16... Limitation ( Enemies and
Ss. 2, 4 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
War Prisoners) Act
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
1945.
c . 19... Ministry of Fuel and
Power Act 1945.
c. 28...
Law Reform (Contribu-
tory Negligence) Act
S. 1(1) rep. in pt....
S. 1 mod. ( pollution) 40, s. 88( 4).
( prosp. ).
S.I. No. 2012.
1945.
Water Act 1945 ...
c.42... ...
S. 18 rep. (prosp.)
S. 19( 3) am. ( prosp.)
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
S. 21 (3) added (prosp . )
para. 15.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 16.
S. 34 saved ( prosp.)
40, s . 31(2)(b).
Sch. 1 paras. 3 (i) , 4 am. ,
S.I. No. 2044.
10 rep. in pt. , 12( i) , 13
am. , 19 rep. in pt.
Sch. 3 Pts . V, VI appl .
40, s. 12( 7 ).
( mod. )( prosp . ).
appl. ( prosp. )... 40, s. 26(1).
cxii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9&10 Geo. 6 :
c. 31
c. 36
... Ministers of the Crown
( Transfer of Functions)
S. 1 saved
S. 1A added
Act 1946.
... Statutory Instruments Appl. ( prosp. )
Act 1946.
Ext. (prosp.)
21, s. 3(5 ).
21, s. 4(2), sch. 2
para. 1 (1 ).
46, ss. 73, 109(3),
sch. 5para. 9.
47, ss. 46(12) , 56
( 9).
c. 40
...
c. 42
...
Miscellaneous Financial
Provisions Act 1946.
Water (Scotland ) Act
1946.
S. 5 appl. (temp . )
S. 7(1) appl.
S. 3(1) am.
rep. in pt.
S. 50 saved ( prosp.)
S. 62(3) am. (prosp.)
...
28, s. 1( 3), sch. 1
para. 3(3).
33, s. 3( 5).
18, s. 1.
18, s. 2(2), sch.
40, s. 31 ( 2 )( b).
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 17 .
S. 64 am. (prosp.)
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 18( a ).
S. 64(2) added (prosp.)
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 18( b) .
Sch. 1 Pt. I paras. 1-6
40, s. 33( 7 ).
appl . (mod.) (prosp. ).
c .49
... Acquisition of Land Appl.
3, s . 30( 2).
dure) Act 1946. ( Authorisation Proce-
Appl. (mod. )
44, s. 3( 4) .
Ext .
44, s. 43( 2).
c. 58
... Borrowing (Control and
S. 1 saved ( prosp.)
47, s . 36(1), sch. 2
Guarantees) Act 1946.
para. 4.
c. 59
Coal Industry National-
... S. 42(1)(2) rep....
S.I. No. 2011.
isation Act 1946.
c. 62
... National Insurance ( In-
Whole Act rep. by 1975
dustrial Injuries) Act
c. 18.
1946 .
c . 80
... Atomic Energy Act 1946 Sch. 1 para. 9 rep. in pt. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 81... National Health Service
Act1946. Sch. 1 para. 1 subst....
S.I. No. 186.
c. xxxviii... Manchester Act 1946 Pt. VII (except s. 46 ) rep.
S.I. No. 520.
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
c. i... St. Andrews Links Act
Rep....
iii, s. 30, sch.
1946.
c . 14 Exchange Control Act
1947. S. 20(5) appl ....
30, s. 49, sch. 11
para. 21 ( 5 ).
c. 22... Civic Restaurants Act
1947. S. 3(1)( 2) rep. in pt. 7, ss. 35, 42( 2),
( E. &W.) .
sch. 6 para. 4,
sch . 8.
c. 35...
Finance Act 1947
S. 53( 4) rep....
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. IV.
c . 39...
Statistics of Trade Act S. 9 excl.
...
37, s. 27( 2 ).
1947.
c. 41... Fire Services Act 1947 s . 26(2)(d) ( e ) am.
S.I. No. 1264.
S. 36(13) am.
S.I. No. 812.
c. 42... Acquisition of Land Appl. (mod.)
45, s. 26 (3).
( Authorisation Proce- Appl. (mod.)
44 , s. 3( 4 ).
dure ) (Scotland) Act
1947.
c .44... Crown Proceedings Act
1947. S. 38( 3) ext ....
37, s. 48( 6 ).
c .49... Transport Act 1947... Ss. 12-14, 28, 69, 125,
22, S.L. (Re-
126, 128, sch. 3 rep.
peals ).
Effect ofLegislation cxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
10 & 11 Geo. 6:
-cont.
c. 51
.. Town and Country
Planning Act 1947 .
c. 54
Electricity Act 1947
Sch. 8 rep. as to s. 53 of
the Public Health Act
1936 ( prosp.).
S. 47(7) rep. in pt ....
37, s. 83( 2), sch.
10.
8, s . 4(1 )(3) , sch.
2 para. 2.
S.I. No. 595.
c. xlvi...
S. 67(1) definition of
"local authority" rep.
inpt.
L.C.C. ( Gen. Powers) S. 21 (2A ) am.
... ...
Act 1947. ...
S. 29( 4) added
xxiv, s . 17.
xxiv, ss . 18, 20.
11 & 12Geo. 6:
c . 24
... Police Pensions Act 1948 S. 8(1 ) am. S.I. No. 1264.
c. 26
Local Government Act
1948.
S. 138(2) rep. (Ε. &W.) 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 5 ,
sch. 8.
c. 30
...
19, s . 3(2) .
c. 38
Lord High Commissioner Rep.
( Church of Scotland)
Act 1948.
Companies Act 1948
c . 39
.. Industrial Assurance and
Friendly Societies Act
1948.
Ext.
49, s. 36 (6 ) .
S. 75 excl .
52, s. 4 ( 4 ) .
S. 89 appl. (S.)... 38, s. 11(1).
S. 117 excl . 52, s. 4( 4 ).
S. 143 mod.... 44 , s. 24 ( 4 ).
Ss. 147-163 Power to 49, s. 17.
appl. (mod. ) .
S. 201 (2) (c) rep. ( prosp.) 39, s. 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S. 222 am.... ... 49, s. 44 (1).
S. 245(1) excl ... 49, s. 48( 7) .
S. 246( 1 ) (2) am.... 49, s. 47( 5).
S. 263(2) (3 ) ext .... 49, s. 48 ( 4).
S. 278 mod.... 44, s. 24 ( 4).
S. 333(1) am. 49, s . 47(6 ) .
S. 365 am.... 49, s. 51 .
S. 399 am. 49 , s.44 ( 1) .
Ss. 407, 409-415, 425 ext. 49, s. 75( 2) .
S. 433( 6 ) am.
49, s. 88(1) , sch. 1
S. 434 am. (retrosp . )
...
...
49, s. 77(1) .
excl.
52, s. 3( 4) .
Sch. 8 para. 24(1 ) am.
49, s. 88( 1), sch. 1
Appointed day (1.4.75 ) .
S.I. (1975) No.
204.
S 1 am. ( prosp. ) ......
46, s. 116 (1), sch.
9para.6 .
Ss. 1, 2(1)( 2) rep. in pt. 46, s. 116(4), sch.
11.
S. 2 ( 5 ) am.
46, s . 116( 1 ) , sch .
9 para. 7.
S. 3 rep.
...
46, s. 116( 4) , sch.
11 .
S. 4 rep. in pt.
46, s. 116( 4) , sch.
11.
S. 6(1) rep. in pt.
46, s. 116(4), sch .
11.
am.... ...
52, s . 25(1), sch. 3
para. 5.
cxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12 Geo. 6:
c. 39 -cont. Industrial Assurance and S. 6 ( 2 ) rep. in pt.
Friendly Societies Act
1948. -cont... ...
S. 7 am.
46, s. 116 ( 4) , sch.
11.
46, ss. 74, 116(1),
sch. 6 para. 9,
S. 10 am.
sch. 9 para. 8.
...
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9рага. 9.
S. 11( 1) am....
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9 para. 10 (1).
...
S. 11( 2 ) am.... S. 12( 2) rep. in pt. am.
...
S. 15 rep.
46, s. 116(1) , sch.
9 para. 10( 2 ) .
46, s. 116 (1), sch.
9para. 11 .
...
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11.
S. 16(1 ) rep. (2) proviso 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
rep. in pt.
11 .
S. 16 (4 ) am.
...
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9para. 12.
rep. inpt.
...
46, s. 116(4) , sch.
11.
am.
52, s . 25(1 ), sch.
3 para. 5.
Ss. 16(5) , 17 rep .
46 , s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
S. 17A added
Ss. 18(1) , 19 rep .
S. 23(1)(a) am.
22 , s. 2.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11 .
...
46, s. 116(1 ) , sch.
9para. 13.
S. 23(1 )(d) added
...
52, s. 25(1), sch. 3
para. 5.
S. 25(2)(4) rep. in pt. 46, s. 116( 4 ), sch.
11 .
Sch. 1 am.
46, s . 73, sch. 5
para. 8.
Sch. 1 paras. 1-3 rep. in 46, s. 116( 4 ), sch.
pt.
11.
para. 3 am....
46, s. 116 (1), sch.
9 para. 14 ( a).
para. 4 subst.
46, s. 116 (1), sch.
9 para. 14( 6 ) .
paras. 5 гер. , 6гер.
in pt.
para. 6 am....
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11.
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9рага. 14 (c ).
paras. 7-9 rep. 46, s. 116 ( 4 ), sch.
11 .
Sch. 2 rep. in pt....
46 , s. 116( 4 ), sch.
11 .
Sch. 3 para . ( b) am .
paras . (c) am.
( d ) added .
Sch. 4 rep.... ...
46, s. 116( 1), sch.
9para. 15 ( a ).
46 , s. 116 (1), sch.
9para. 15( b
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11.
Effect ofLegislation CXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
11 & 12Geo. 6:
-cont.
c.47... Agricultural Wages Act S. 13 ext.
1948.
... ... 37, s . 29( 2).
c. 58...
c .63...
Criminal Justice Act 1948 S. 17(1) am. , (2)(3)( 4) rep., sch . 2 subst.
S. 35 rep.
S.I. No. 514.
S. 77 mod. ..
Agricultural Holdings S. 9 ext.
... ...
Act 1948.
S. 48 mod.... ...
S. 49 excl .
S. 78 appl. ...
Sch. 3 para. 8 am.
... ... 23, s . 22( 4), sch.
3.
7, s. 1( 6 ).
44, s. 98(1)( 2 ).
44, s. 98( 4).
44 , s. 98( 3).
44, s. 98( 3).
44 , s. 98( 3).
12, 13 &
14Geo. 6:
c.4...
Judges Pensions ( India
Transfer of functions...
and Burma) Act 1948.
c . 16...
National Theatre Act
1949. S. 1 rep. in pt. and am....
Solicitors , Public
c. 21... Rep. ( prosp.)...
Notaries, &c. Act 1949
Ss. 1 (1), (5), 2 (2) proviso,
sch. 2 rep.
c.27
...
Juries Act 1949... ...
Pt. I (ss . 1-23) гер .
S. 25(1 )(a) am.
...
...
S. 35( 2) гер .
c . 36
...
S. 32 rep.
c .42
c .47
War Damage ( Public
Utility Undertakings,
&c. ) Act 1949.
Lands Tribunal Act 1949
Finance Act 1949...
c . 50
c. 51
c. 55
c. 61
c . 68
S. 3(12)(d) am. (retrosp.)
...
...
S. 15(1 ) - (3), (6) - (8A) rep.
( prosp.) .
...
Colonial Loans Act 1949
S. 1 (2)(3) Transfer of
functions .
... ... Legal Aid and Advice Act
1949. Rep.
Prevention of Damage by S. 7( 2) rep. in pt ....
Pests Act 1949 .
... Housing (Scotland ) Act S. 40 rep.
... ...
1949 .
... Representation of the
S. 36( 2) am.
People Act 1949.
S. 64(2)(a) subst.
S. 64(2)(b) (ii ) subst. (GB)
Ss. 116 (5) rep. in pt. ( E.
&W. ) 118(2 ) , 167(1)(b)
rep. ( except in their
application to the City
ofLondon ).
S. 167(4) subst.
S. 172(1 ) definition of
"local government
Act " subst.
Sch. 4 paras. 2A, 12(1 )(a)
cont. as am. (E. &W.) .
Sch. 8 para. 2 am. ( E. &
W. )
21, s. 3(3) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
55, s. 1.
47, s. 89( 2) , sch.
4 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
23, s . 22( 4), sch. 3
S.I. No. 1274.
23, s. 22( 4), sch. 3
22, S.L. (Re
peals ).
38, s. 19.
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
21 , s. 3( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I.
4, s. 42(1) , sch. 5
Pt. I.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 595.
10, s. 1(1 ).
13, s. 1 (1).
S.I. No. 595.
13, s. 1(2 ).
S.I. No. 595.
23, s . 3( 3) .
S.I. No. 595.
cxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
12, 13 &
14 Geo. 6:
-cont.
c. 75... Agricultural Holdings S. 1 saved... ...
38, s. 8(5) .
( Scotland ) Act 1949.
c . 87 ... Patents Act 1949...
S. 88( 5) am. ( E. &W .) 47, s. 89(1), sch.
( prosp. ) .
c. 92 India ( Consequential S. 1( 4 ) rep. in pt.
22, S.L.
3para.3 . (Re-
c. 94...
Provision) Act 1949.
peals ).
Criminal Justice ( Scot-
S. 9 excl .
...
53, s. 1( 4).
land) Act 1949. S. 40 ext .
49, s. 80 ( 4 ).
c. 97 National Parks... and
Access to the Country-
Ss. 64(1) rep. in pt. , 65( 6 ) 7, ss. 35, 42( 2) ,
rep.
sch. 6 para.
side Act 1949.
6(1)(2) , sch. 8.
S. 97( 1 )(a)(b) rep. ( prosp.) 7, ss. 8( 5), 42( 2),
( c ) rep. in pt. (prosp. ) .
sch. 1 para.
10 , sch. 8.
S. 97( 1 ) (e) am.
...
7, s. 42(1 ), sch. 7
para. 1.
Ss. 97( 6 )( 7), 98 rep. 7, ss . 8(5), 42(2),
( prosp. ).
sch. 1 para. 10,
sch. 8.
Ss. 104(7) (8) , 105 rep....
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para 6(3)
( 4 ), sch. 8.
c. 101
47, s. 3(1).
Justices of the Peace Act Ss. 4, 20( 3) ext. (E. &W.)
1949.
( prosp.) .
S. 20( 3) am. (prosp. )
S. 20 ( 3) am.
S. 20(3)(b) rep. in pt.
c. xvii
Harwich Harbour Act
1949.
c. xxix
Brit. Transport Commn.
Act 1949 .
Ashdown Forest Act 1949
c. xlvii.. Rep. (saving)
Pt. IV (ss . 25-28) expld.
S. 27 mod.
S. 27( 1 ) excl . , (9) ext .
Rep. (except S.
12 ) ( saving ).
S. 54 am.
am.
47, s. 89(1 ), sch . 3
para. 4.
26, s. 19( 4) , sch . 2
para. 4 .
26, s . 19(5)(6 ),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
4, s. 35(6 ).
7, s. 1(6) .
4, s. 35( 7).
i . ss . 6, 7, 9, sch. 3
Pt. I.
xvii, s . 15.
xxii, s . 19.
xxi , ss. 5, 6, 33,
sch. 2.
14Geo. 6:
c. 12... Foreign Compensation S. 1( 2 ) rep. in pt.
Act 1950.
c. 17
...
Agriculture ( Miscellane- S. 1 ( 4) subst. ( prosp.) ...
ous Provisions) Act
1950.
с. 21... Miscellaneous Financial S. 1 residue rep....
Provisions Act 1950.
c. 27... Arbitration Act 1950... Excl .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
pt. I para. 10.
18, s. 2( 2), sch.
c. 28 Excl.
S. 21 excl .
Shops Act 1950... Ss. 2(1) rep. in pt. , ( 2),
( 4 ), 4 (a ) , 5, 6(а) гер. ,
( b ) rep. in pt . , 7, 8(6),
41(6), 42(4), 74(1) def-
inition of " the winter
months" , sch. 8 rep.
52, s . 1(2), sch. 1
para. 22.
46, s. 83( 3) .
46, s. 78(1).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect ofLegislation cxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
14Geo. 6:
-cont.
c . 36
...
Diseases of Animals Act S. 1 am.
17, s. 3.
1950. S. 8 (1A ) added
17 , s. 4.
S. 10 am.
S. 10 ( 2 ) saved ( E.)
Ss. 13-18 saved ( E.)
...
...
...
...
17, ss. 1 , 2.
3, s. 42 ( 3).
3, s. 39.
S. 24 am.
17, s. 5.
Ss. 43 rep. in pt. ( E. ), 7, ss. 35, 42(2 ),
61( 7) rep . (Ε.) .
sch. 6, para. 7,
sch . 8.
17, s. 6.
17, s. 8.
S.I. No. 1274.
3, s. 35.
3, s. 38( 2).
c. 38... Allotments ( Scotland)
Act 1950. c. 39... Public Utilities Street
Works Act 1950.
c. lii... Middlesex Act 1950... S. 26 rep.
S. 80 saved...
S. 85 saved... ...
S. 86 (5) am....
Sch. 1 Pt. I saved ( E.)
Power to
appl. ( Mod.)
( Ε.) .
Ss. 1 ( 2), 2(2), 3(4), 4(4),
14, sch. rep.
Sch. 5 rep. in pt . ( E.)
14& 15 Geo. 6:
с. 21 ... Alkali, &c. , Works Rep....
Regulation (Scotland)
Act 1951 .
c. 26... Salmon and Freshwater S. 9 am. ( prosp.) ......
Fisheries (Protection)
( Scotland) Act 1951 . S. 25(2 ) , sch. 2 rep.
c. 30... Sea Fish Industry Act
1951 . S. 29(2), sch. 5 rep...
c. 35 PetAnimals Act 1951 ... S. 1 (2 ) rep . in pt...
c . 36... Criminal Law Amend- Rep.... ...
ment Act 1951 .
c. 43... Finance Act 1951... S. 33(5)(e) am....
c. 53 Midwives Act 1951... S. 44(9), sch . 7 rep....
S. 34 (1) , sch. 2 rep....
c. 54... Midwives (Scotland ) Act
S. 36(1), sch. 2 rep.
1951 .
c. 55... Nurses (Scotland ) Act
S. 35(1) , sch. 5 rep....
1951 .
c. 58... Fireworks Act 1951
Ss. 1 (1) , 2(3) , 4(1) - (3) am.
c. 60... Mineral Workings Act Ss. 1 (1) , 16( 5) rep. in pt.
1951 .
S. 19(2) rep . in pt.
S. 19( 4) rep.
S. 43(3) rep .
... ...
..
Sch. 1 subst.
... ...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 595.
xxiv, s . 14( 5)(b),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
S.I. No. 2170.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 11 .
22, S.L.
(Re-
peals) .
22 S.L. (Re-
peals ).
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 8 ,
sch. 8.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
30, s . 52, sch. 12
para. 4.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 S.L. (Re-
peals).
22 S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1885.
S.I. No. 595.
7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
sch. 6 para. 9,
sch. 8.
7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
S.I. No. 482.
cxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
14& 15 Geo. 6:
-cont.
c. 63
...
Rag Flock and Other
Filling Materials Act
1951.
S. 10( 7) subst. ( prosp.)...
S. 37 rep.
.. ...
c . 64
...
Rivers (Prevention of Rep. ( prosp.)
Pollution) Act 1951 .
... ...
S. 1(1) rep. in pt.
...
c. 65
...
Reserve and Auxiliary
Forces (Protection of
Civil Interests ) Act
1951 .
S. 12(2), schs. 1, 3 rep
...
S. 4 (4)( 5) replaced. ( prosp. )
S. 10 subst. ( prosp. )...
c. 66...
Rivers (Prevention of
Pollution ) (Scotland)
Act 1951 .
S. 64(1) definitions of
" conditional scale
agreement" , " creditor",
"hire-purchase agree-
ment" added.
"total price " added.
( prosp.)
Rep. (except ss. 1, 6(1),
7, 9, 10 (1), 12(1 )- (3),
( 4 )(a)( c ), 13, 16, 17,
18( 1 ) - (3) , 19, 32(1),
35 (as to definitions
of "contravention" .
"functions" , " land" ,
"local authority ", "lo-
cal water authority",
"river purification
board ", "stream ",
"tidal waters"), 36(1)
( 5 ), sch. 4 ( prosp.)).
S. 12(4)(c) am. ( prosp.) ...
S. 17(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 18(6 ) added ( prosp .)
S. 19(3) am. ( prosp. )
c. xxviii
S. 36( 3) , sch. 4 rep.
Am.
...
C. XXX
c. xxxviii
... L.C.C. (Crystal Palace )
Act 1951 .
..
Abingdon Act 1951 Ss. 4, 52, Pt. IV am.
Sutton and Cheam Act | S. 14 rep. (saving )
1951.
...
...
...
S. 18 rep.
...
c. xli... L.C.C. (Gen. Powers) S. 33 am.
... ...
Act 1951 .
15 & 16Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2:
c . 12 ... Judicial Offices ( Salaries, S. 6( 2), sch. rep.
&c.) Act 1952.
...
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt . I para. 11.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
40, ss. 49( 4), 56 (5)
( a ), 108, sch. 4.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 12.
39, s. 192, sch . 4
Pt. I para. 13.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 14
( 1).
39, s. 192 , sch. 4
Pt. I para. 14
( 2 ).
40, ss. 49 ( 4), 56 (5 )
( b ) , 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 12.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
рага. 13.
40, s 108, sch. 3
рага. 14 .
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 15.
22, S.L.
xxiv, s. 7. ( Re-
S.I. No. 1351 .
xxiv. s. 16 (5)(a),
sch. 2 Pt. III .
xxiv, s. 14(5)(a),
sch. 2 Pt. II .
xxiv, s. 14 (3) .
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
Effect ofLegislation cxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
15 & 16 Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2 :
-cont.
c. 23
... Miners' 1952. Welfare Act Ss . 1 (1), 18( 3), sch. 2rep. 22,
S.L. (Re-
peals).
c. 33
... Finance Act 1952 S. 74(1)(b)(3) am....
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 6( a).
S. 74 ( 4) am.... ...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 6(b).
S. 76 ( 8) rep. in pt. , sch. 14 22, S.L.
( Re-
( except Pt. V ) гер.
c .39... Motor Vehicles (Interna- S. 4( 1), sch. rep....
peals ).
... 22, S.L. (Re-
tional Circulation) Act
peals).
1952.
c . 44... Customs and Excise Act S. 53 ext. ( prosp. )... 43, s. 14 (12 ), sch.
1952. 4 para. 1(3) .
S. 109(1) am.... ... 30 , s. 4.
S. 292( 3) 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 313(1) rep. in pt.
( prosp.). Ss. 319, 320, schs. 11, 12
39, s . 192(3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
rep.
peals).
c . 47... Rating and Valuation
( Scotland ) Act 1952. S. 8( 3), sch. 2 гер.... 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
c . 48... Costs in Criminal Cases S. 18(1 ), sch. rep. 22, S.L. ( Re-
Act 1952 peals).
c.51... Isle of Man (Customs) S. 5(2 ) rep.... ...
Act 1952.
22 S.L. peals ).
(Re-
c .52... Prison Act 1952 ...... S. 54(2) , sch. 4 rep.... 22, S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
c. 55... Magistrates' Courts Act Appl.
1952.
...
3, s. 6( 2).
S. 2 saved
S. 35 appl ....
S. 38 excl ....
S. 55 appl .
46, s. 102.
3 ss. 38( 6 ), 43( 3).
56, s . 7( 3).
4, s. 35(1 ), sch. 3
S. 63 appl .
para. 4.
4, s. 35(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2.
S. 68 appl. ... ...
Ss. 74-76 appl.... ...
4, s. 35(1), sch. 3
para. 6.
4, s. 35(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 3.
S. 91 ext. (legal aid)...
S. 104 excl . ... ...
excl.
excl . ( prosp. )
excl. ( prosp. )...
4, s. 30 (11).
4, s. 23( 2).
30, s. 25( 4).
40, s . 87( 3).
47, ss. 26, 42(2),
44 ( 4 ) .
excl .
... 49, s. 82( 2).
S. 132(1) rep.
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals).
Sch. 1 para. 14A added 44, s. 130 , sch. 13
( prosp.)
para. 2.
Sch. 2 ext.
... 49, s. 80( 3).
c. 57... S. 11( 3), sch. rep.
Marine and Aviation In- surance (War Risks)
Act 1952.
c . 61... Prisons (Scotland ) Act
S. 43( 2 ) , sch. 4 rep.
1952.
c . 66 ... Defamation Act 1952 ... S. 18( 3) rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
... (Re22 , S.L. peals ).
CXX Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
15 & 16Geo. 6
& 1 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 67
Visiting Forces Act 1952
c. xxxviii...
City of London (Guild
Churches) Act 1952
c. xlii
Cheshire Act 1952
S. 18 rep . 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss. 8, 14rep. in pt. ( prosp.) G.S.M. No. 3,
ss. 6(3), 7(3).
sch. 2.
S.I. No. 1351 .
c. 1......
Essex Act 1952
Ss. 3 , 8 , 27, 45, 52, 56
am.
Sch. 1 subst. , sch. 2 am.
S. 13 rep. (Greater Lon-
don ) (saving) .
S. 23 rep. (Greater Lon-
don ).
Ss. 62, 63 rep. ( as to
S.I. No. 1351 .
xxiv, s. 16(5)(b),
sch. 3 Pt. II .
xxiv, s. 14 ( 5)(b),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
xxxv, s . 64(7) .
Crouch Harbour)
( 1.4.1975) (saving) .
S. 64 rep. (as to powers of xxxv, s. 66( 7) .
Councils of Chelms-
ford, Maldon, and
Rochford relating to
Crouch Harbour
(1.4.1975) (saving) .
Pt. VII (ss. 109-116) rep. ( as to Crouch Harbour)
xxxv, s. 27(9) .
( 1.4.1975 ).
1 & 2 Eliz. 2:
c. 15
c . 20
c. 25
с. 26...
c . 34 Iron and Steel Act 1953 ... S. 36(2) rep .... 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
... Births and Deaths Regis-
tration Act 1953 . S. 43( 2), sch. 2 rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Local Government Sup- Ss. 1(1)( 3) am. (E.), (7) S.I. No. 520.
erannuation Act 1953. added (E.), 18(1 )(2)
am. (E.), (5) added
( Ε. ) .
Ss. 1(2 )(3) am. ( S.), ( 7) S.I. No. 812.
added (S.) , 18(1)(2) am.
( S.), (5) added (S.) .
Local Government (Mis- S. 8 rep. ( prosp. )
cellaneous Provisions)
Act 1953 .
Finance Act 1953
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
.. S. 35(7 ) , sch . 3 rep....
22, S.L. ( Re-
c . 36 Post Office Act 1953...
peals ).
S. 91 (1 ) , sch . 3 rep.
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 47 c. 37 Registration Service Act
1953. Emergency Laws (Miscel- laneous Provisions)
Act 1953 .
S. 23(2), sch. 2 rep. 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 3( 4) am. (6) added
S.I. No. 1885 .
Ss. 9 rep. , 13 rep. in pt. ,
22, S.L. ( Re-
14(2), sch. 1 paras. 1-4, peals ).
sch. 3 rep.
c. 49... Historic Buildings and S. 4(1) am.
..
32, s. 12.
Ancient Monuments
Act 1953 .
c. 50
Auxiliary Forces Act S. 44, sch. 5 rep.
1953.
Sch. 1 appl .... ..
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
52, s. 1 ( 2), sch . 1
para. 33( 4)(b).
Effect ofLegislation cxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
2 &3 Eliz. 2.
c . 5
Schs. 1-3 rep. , 4 rep. in pt... Statute Law Revision Act
1953 .
c. 12
... Currency and Bank S. 2 ext. until 13.3.1976
Notes Act 1954.
c. 30...
Protection of Birds Act S. 15( 2), sch. 6 rep.
...
1954.
с. 31 Coroners Act 1954... ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
pe peals ) .
S.I. No. 405.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 32 ...
Atomic Energy Authority Act 1954.
S. 1(2) , sch. rep ....
S. 2 am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 5(5) rep . ( prosp .)
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
40, s. 101.
37, s . 83 (2) , sch.
10.
c. 34... Law Reform (Enforce- Rep .
..
22, S.L. (Re-
ment of Contracts) Act
peals).
1954.
c. 36... Law Reform ( Limitation Ss. 1 , 5( 2), 8(3), sch. rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
of Actions, &c.) Act
peals ).
1954.
c. 38... Supreme Court Officers S. 6( 2) , sch. rep. 22 , S.L. (Re-
( Pensions) Act 1954. peals ).
с. 41 Juries Act 1954... ... Rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. 42... Slaughterhouses Act 1954 S. 20(5), sch. 2 rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
с .44 Finance Act 1954... S. 35( 9), sch. 6 rep . 22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
с. 46... Protection of Animals S. 2( 4) rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
( Anaesthetics) Act 1954.
c. 48...
( Anaesth Summary Jurisdiction S. 10 (1) excl .... peals ).
56, s. 7( 4).
( Scotland ) Act 1954. S. 15(1) saved.
50, s. 13(1 ), sch. 3
para. 10( 4).
S. 20( 3) excl .
56 , s. 7( 3) .
S. 23 excl .
30, s. 25( 4) .
excl.
...
49, s. 82( 3).
excl . ( prosp. )
50, s. 4( 2).
excl. ( prosp.)
40, s. 87( 3).
S. 23( 2) ext .
..
37, s. 34( 5) (c ) .
appl. ( prosp. )
40, s. 87(3).
appl. ( prosp.)
50, s. 4( 2 ) .
appl.
49, s . 82( 3) .
S. 27(1 ) rep. , (2) rep. in pt. 38, ss. 18, 23(3),
sch. 6 para. 7,
note 3, sch. 7.
S. 31(1) saved
50, s. 13(1 ), sch. 3
c. 56
...
Landlord and Tenant Act
1954. Ss. 45, 68(1 ), sch. 7 rep....
para. 22, S.L.
10 ( 4). ( Re-
peals ).
c. 57
... Baking Industry (Hours
S. 12(2) rep. , ( 3) rep. in pt.
22, S.L. (Re-
ofWork ) Act 1954.
peals ).
c. 59
Slaughter of Animals
S. 11( 1) rep. in pt. , sch. 2
22, S.L. (Re-
c. 60 ( Amendment) Act 1954.
Pt. II rep.
peals) .
Electricity Reorganisation
S. 15( 2), sch . 2 rep.
22 , S.L. (Re-
( Scotland) Act 1954.
peals ).
с. 61 Pharmacy Act 1954...
S. 25(2 ) , sch. 4 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
c .64... Transport Charges &c. S. 14(1), sch. 2 rep .
22 , S.L. ( Re-
( Miscellaneous Pro-
peals ).
visions) Act 1954.
c. 65..
National Gallery andTate Ss. 3( 2 ), 6, 8( 2), sch. 2 22, S.L. (Re
Gallery Act 1954. rep. peals ).
cxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
2 & 3 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 68
c . 70 ...
Pests Act 1954 S. 6 rep. in pt . (E.)
am. (E.)
7, ss. 35, 42( 2),
sch. 6 para. 10,
sch. 8 .
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 10.
S.I. No. 2013.
Mines and Quarries Act Ss. 1(1)(b ) am. , 4(4) rep. ,
1954. 10 am. , 12(2) rep. , 15,
19, 20(3 ) - ( 5 ) mod. , 21
rep. , 22 mod. , 22(4),
23(2)(a) rep . , 24 mod. ,
26, 29, 31(3 ) , 32, 35( 1 )
( a), 38 rep. , 39(1)(i),
42( 4), 45(1 ) rep. in pt. ,
(2) , 47, 49(3 ), 50 rep. ,
51(1),
(1), 55( 2) rep. in pt. ,
60(2) rep. , (3 )
( 3) rep . in
pt. , 63 rep. , 64 (2) mod. ,
68( 1), 69(1)(2), 70 (2)
( 4 ) , 71 rep. , 72 rep. in
pt. , 74( 2) mod. 74(3),
81( 2) rep. , 83 mod. ,
84(2) rep . , 84(3 ) mod. ,
91 ( 2), 92 rep . , 95(1)
rep. in pt. , 96, 104 rep . ,
105(1 ) am. , 106 rep. ,
107 mod. , 108(2)(a)
rep. , 112(2) mod., ( 3),
114 rep. , 115 rep. in pt. ,
116( 1 ) mod. and am. ,
118, 119 rep. , 121 , 122
гер. , 124(2) гep. in pt. ,
128(1 ) am. , 129 гер. ,
131(1), 133(1 ) am. , 135
am. , 136(3), 137 mod. ,
138 , 141 ( 1 ) - (4) гер. ,
( 5 ) rep. in pt. and am. ,
142 , 144, 145 rep. , 147
( 1) mod. , (2) am. , 148
( 2 )(3) mod. , (4) am.
and mod. , (6 )(7) mod. ,
149(1) mod. , (4)- (6 ) ,
150, 152 mod. , 152(1)
(d )( 2)( d) added, (3)
am. , (4 )(c ) added, 155
rep. in pt. , 156( c) add-
ed, 157 mod. , ( d)
added, 161 rер. , 163( 1)
rep. in pt . , (2) - (6 ) rep. ,
164 rep. in pt. , 172 rep. ,
173 mod. , 174 am. ,
175 гер. , 176( 1 )(2) am. ,
177 rep . , 180(4)(5) am. ,
182( 1 ) (d) added, and
subst . , 184(2) - (4) rep . ,
( 5) rep. in pt. , (6 ) rep. ,
( 7 ) rep. in pt.
S. 189 rep. 22 S.L.
peals). ( Re
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Effect ofLegislation cxxiii
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
2 & 3 Eliz. 2:
c. 70 -cont.
Mines and Quarries Act S. 190 rep., Schs. 1, 2 rep. , S.I. No. 2013.
1954 -cont.
3 paras. 2 mod. , 3-17
am.
Sch. 5 rep.
c. xxxiii
c. xlvi
...
Llannelly Act 1954
Orpington Act 1954
Ss. 4, 6 am.
S. 7 rep. (saving)
c. xlviii
... Manchester Act 1954... S. 79 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 595.
... xxiv, s . 16(5) (a),
sch . 2 Pt. III.
S.I. No. 520....
3 & 4 Eliz. 2:
c . 7
... Fisheries Act 1955... S. 7( 4), sch. rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
c . 8
c . 14
c. 18
... Northern Ireland Act
1955. ...
Imperial War Museum
Act 1955.
... Army Act 1955 ......
S. 6( 3), sch. rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
S. 2( 5 ) rep .
... ... 22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
Ss. 30, 45, 46, 61, 62, 64, 53 , s. 2(3)(a) .
66 ext.
S. 70 ( 4) am.
6, s. 5(1).
c . 19
...
Air Force Act 1955
Ss. 30 , 45, 46, 61, 62, 64, 53, s. 2(3)( a) .
66 ext.
S. 70 ( 4) am. ... ... 6, s. 5( 1) .
c. 20 ... Revision of the Army and
Air Force Acts (Tran-
S. 5, sch. 4 rер. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
sitional Provisions) Act
1955.
c. 21... Crofters (Scotland ) Act
1955. S. 3( 1) saved
S. 17( 4)(7)(8) am.
Sch. 5 para. 1A subst.
...
38, s. 8(5) .
38, s. 14.
45, s. 25( 3).
4&5 Eliz. 2:
c . 6...
c. 16...
Miscellaneous Financial
Provisions Act 1955.
S. 1 ( 3) rep.
18, s . 2(2), sch.
Ss. 1( 4) rep. , 4( 4) rep. in 22,
pt. , 5(15),
5(15 ), sch. 2 rep.
S.L. peals). ( Re-
Food and Drugs Act 1955 Ss. 8( 4), 12( 2 ) am.
3, s. 46(1 ), sch. 3
para. 1 .
S. 13( 9) added...
Pt. IV (ss . 62-81) (except s. 80 ) rep.
S. 79 saved
3, s . 46(2), sch. 4
para. 1.
3 , s. 47( 2), sch. 6.
3, s. 47(1 ), sch. 5
para. 7.
S. 80( 1 ) rep. in pt.
S. 80( 1 ) rep. in pt. , (3) rep .
3, s. 47( 2), sch. 6.
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch . 6 para. 11 ,
sch. 8 .
S. 80(4) added
3, s. 46( 2), sch. 4
para. 2.
S. 103(3) added
...
3, s. 46(2), sch. 4
para. 3.
S. 120(1) rep . in pt.
S. 123(4A) added...
3, s. 47(2), sch. 6.
3, s. 46( 2), sch. 4
para. 4.
S. 125(1)(c) гер.
S. 126(1A) added...
3, s. 47(2), sch. 6.
3, s. 46(2), sch. 4
para. 5.
cxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
4 & 5 Eliz. 2:
c. 16 -cont.
c. 19
...
c . 30
c. 34
c. 41
с . 46
...
...
...
...
c. 52
Food and Drugs Act 1955 Ss. 130(1), 135(1) (defini- 3, s. 47( 2), sch. 6.
cont.-
tions of " premises "
rep . in pt. , " slaughter-
house facilities" ,
"slaughterhouse
lic-
ence ") rep.
S. 136(1 ) , sch . 11 rep.
Friendly Societies Act Ss. 1 , 2, 3(1 )(4)(5) гер .
1955.
Food and Drugs (Scot-
land ) Act 1956.
Criminal Justice Ad-
ministration Act 1956.
Solicitors (Amendment)
Act 1956.
Administration ofJustice
Act 1956.
Clean Air Act 1956
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
S. 4 rep.
46, s. 116 ( 4 ), sch.
11 .
S. 5(1) (a) rep. saving 46, s. 116(2)(4)
sch. 10 paага .
S. 5( 2) rep.
12, sch. 11 .
46, s. 116 (4), sch .
11.
S. 8 rep.
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11 .
S. 9(1)(2) am.
46, s. 116(4), sch.
9рага. 16.
S. 9 ( 3) rep.
46, s . 116(1)( 4),
sch. 9 para. 16,
sch. 11 .
Ss. 10, 11 (2)(3)(a) rep.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
Sch. 27 para. 17 am.
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9 para. 16.
S. 60( 2 ), sch. 3 rep.
22, S.L.
(Re-
peals).
S. 21 ( 3), sch. 3 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Rep.
26, s. 19( 5)(6),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
S. 1(1) rep. in pt .
...
S.I. No. 2148 .
S. 1 (1 ) (d) ext. (prosp.)
43, s. 6 ( 1).
Ss. 3 (1 ) - (8 ) am. , 4(1)
S.I. No. 2148 .
subst. , (2) (5) am. , (6 )
rep. , 6 am.
S. 7( 1) rep . in pt.
...
subst.
S 7( 2) rep
Ss . 55(1) rep. in pt . , 57(2)
rep.
Sch. 1 para. 1 ( 1 ) (d) ext .
( prosp. ).
Schs. 1 pt. III, 2 rep.
...
S. 14(2) am. ( prosp.)
S. 16( 1 ) (i ) rep . (prosp. )
S. 17( 3) rep.
S.24rep. ( prosp. )
S. 25(a)(b) rep. ( prosp.) ...
S. 25(c ) am. ( prosp.)
rep. inpt. ( prosp. )
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2148 .
S.I. No. 2148 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
43, s. 6(1) .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
pt. I para. 15.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 2170.
37, s. 83(2), sch.
10.
40, ss. 79 ( 10 ),
108, sch. 4.
40, s. 79( 10) .
40, ss. 79(10 ), 108,
sch. 4.
Effect ofLegislation CXXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
4 & 5 Eliz. 2:
c. 52 -cont. Clean Air Act 1956 -cont. S. 27 am. ( prosp.)
S. 30 am. ( prosp. )...
S. 34(1 ) definition of
"conditional sale agree-
ment" added. (prosp.).
S. 34( 1) definition of
"hire purchase agree-
ment" subst . ( prosp. ) .
S. 35(1 ) rep....
Sch. 2 rep. (as to amend-
ments of ss . 3, 8, 18 of
the Alkali Act ) ( prosp. ) .
Sch. 4 rep .
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 19.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 16.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
pt. I para. 16
( a ).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 16
(b) .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 54 Finance Act 1956
S. 26( 2) rep . ( prosp. )
46, s. 116( 4), sch .
11.
S. 44( 9), sch. 5 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. 60... Valuation and Rating S. 44, sch. 7 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
( Scotland ) Act 1956.
peals ).
c. 68... Restrictive Trade Prac- S. 26( 3) subst . ( prosp.)...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
tices Act 1956.
Pt. I para. 1 .
S. 26( 4) rep. in pt. , ( 5 ) 39, s. 192(3)(b),
rep. (prosp. ) .
sch. 5 Pt. I
c. 69... Sexual Offences Act 1956 S. 51, sch. 4 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 74 ... Copyright Act 1956 S. 50(2) , sch. 9 rep.
22 , SL. (Re-
peals ).
c. 76 ... Medical Act 1956 S. 57(1) , sch. 5 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. xxix... L.C.C. (Gen. Powers)
S. 38 rep .
xxiv, s . 14(5)(a),
1955 .
sch . 2 Pt. II.
c. xc Middlesex Act 1956 S. 79 rep. (Greater Lon- xxiv, s. 16(5)(b),
don ) (saving ) .
sch . 3 Pt. II .
c. lxxxiii ... Manchester Act 1956 S. 9 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 520.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2:
c. 11... Homicide Act 1957.. S. 17(2), sch . 2 rep.
с. 15... Nurses Act 1957 S. 34(1) , sch . 5 rep.
c. 16... Nurses Agencies Act 1957 S. 9(1) , sch. rep....
c. 20... House of Commons Dis-
qualification Act 1957. S. 2(1 ) am.
S. 10 ext .
...
Sch . 1 Pt. II am.
rep. in pt.
am. ...
rep. in pt.
am.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
21, s . 2.
28, s . 2(8) , sch. 2
para. 6.
52, s . 25(1 ) sch. 3
para. 6.
52, s . 25(1 )(3 ),
sch. 3 para. 6 ,
sch. 5.
37, s . 83 (1 ), sch. 9
рага. 2.
24, s. 6( 3).
7, s. 23(13), sch. 4
para. 12.
cxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2:
c . 20 -cont. House of Commons Dis- Sch. I Pt. III am....
qualification Act 1957
26 , s. 19( 4 ), sch. 2
para. 5.
cont.- am....
47, s . 89( 1 ), sch. 3
para. 5.
am. ...
am. ...
48, s. 9( 3).
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
рага. 6.
rep. in pt.
52, s. 25(1)(3),
sch. 3 para. 6,
sch. 5.
Sch. 2 am... ...
Sch. 2 rep. in pt.
Sch. 3 am....
21, s. 3( 1).
S.I. No. 691 .
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 6.
rep. in pt...
52 , s . 25(1)(3),
sch. 3 para. 6,
sch. 5.
rep. in pt....
am.
24, s. 6(3) .
7, s. 23(13), sch. 4
para. 12.
c . 21... Cinematograph Films Act S. 17( 5) rep .... ...
22, S.L.
( Re-
1957.
с. 25 Rent Act 1957...
c . 27 Solicitors Act 1957... ...
peals ).
S. 16 am. , (2)( 3) added.
Rep. (1.5.75 )... ...
44 , s. 123( 1).
47, s. 89( 2), sch.
4 and S.I.
( 1975) 534.
c. 28... Dentists Act 1957 ... S. 51 (1 ), sch. 2 rep....
22 , S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
c . 32... Naval and Marine S. 2( 2), sch. 2 rep....
22, S.L. ( Re-
Reserves Pay Act 1957.
peals ).
c. 36... Cheques Act 1957 S. 4 saved.... ...
39,
S. 6(3), sch. rep.
9, s. 83( 2).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 38... Housing and Town Ss. 9( 8) rep. , 13(1), (3)
22, S.L. ( Re-
Development (Scotland) rep. in pt. , 28(2) , sch. 3
peals ).
Act 1957 . гер.
c. 39... Legitimation ( Re -regis- S. 1 ( 2) rep....
22 , S.L. (Re-
tration of Birth ) Act
peals ).
1957.
c. 42 Parish Councils Act 1957 Sch. 2 rep ....
22 , S.L.
(Re-
с . 45
Exchequer and Audit
S. 3(2) rep.
peals ).
22, S.L.
(Re-
Departments Act 1957.
peals) .
c. 46...
Judicial Offices (Salaries
S. 3( 2), sch. 2 rep....
22, S.L. ( Re-
and Pensions) Act 1957.
peals ) .
c . 48 ...
Electricity Act 1957
Ss . 15( 3A) , (5)(cc), 17(1)
8, s. 4(1)( 3), sch.
( c ) added.
2para. 2.
Ss. 42(3) rep. , 43( 4) rep. 22, S.L. ( Re-
c . 49... Finance Act 1957...
in pt. , sch. 5 гер . peals).
S. 42(5) , sch . 9 rep . 22 , S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. 53
c. 55 Naval Discipline Act 1957 Ss. 5, 30, 31 , 34A, 35, 36, 53, s. 2(3)( b).
37 ext.
S. 48(2) am.
6, s. 5( 2 ).
S. 137(1 ) , sch. 6 rep .
22, S.L. ( Re
Affiliation
Act 1957.
peals ) .
Proceedings S. 12(1) , sch. rep . 22 , S.L S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect ofLegislation cxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 56
Housing Act 1957 S. 4 ext...
Pt. II (ss. 4-40) ext .
Ss. 14, 15 ext. (mod.)
Pt. III ( ss. 42-74 ) mod.
(listed buildings) .
S. 43(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 44 ( 3) excl ....
...
Ss. 44-46 rep . (prosp.)
...
S. 47 ext .
S. 50 rep. in pt. (prosp. ) ...
Ss. 51, 53, 54 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 60 appl (mod. )
...
S. 60(1) replaced
...
S. 67(1 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 70(1 ) am. (prosp. )..
S. 70(2) rep . in pt. ( prosp . )
S. 94 subst. ( prosp. )
...
Pt. IV(ss . 76-90) ext .
Pt. V (ss. 91-131) ext .
S. 105(4A) added
...
S. 119(3) (a)( c ) restr.
S. 121 rep . (prosp. )
...
S. 159 appl . (mod.)
ext. ...
S. 160 app. (mod. )
ext. ...
Ss. 162( 1 ), 163(1), 166(1)
rep . in pt. ( prosp.).
S. 169 ext .
...
Ss. 170, 178, 179 ext.
...
S. 189(1 ) definition of
"housing association"
am.
Sch. 2 Pt. I appl . (mod.)
Sch . 2 para. 4(1)(c) гер.
( prosp. ).
para. 4( 4) proviso
am.
рага . 5(1 )(b) am.
paras . 6( 1 ), 7(2)
rep . in pt. ( prosp).
44, s. 66( 2)(d) .
44 , s. 49( 3)( a).
44 , s. 95.
44 , ss. 110-114.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44 , s. 114, sch. 10
para. 3( 3) .
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44 , ss.
111( 3 ). 110(7),
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 8( 2).
44, s. 108( 2), sch.
9.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 3.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 18.
44 , s. 49( 3)( a)
44, s. 101 (2)(a) .
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para.4 .
44, s. 17(1 ) (b) . 13
44, s. 130, sch.
para. 5, sch. 15.
44 , s. 97 ( 1).
44 44 , ss. 48(1 ), 49
( 2)(b), 55.
44, s . 97(1).
44, ss . 48(1 ), 49
( 2 )(b), 55.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, ss. 48(1), 49
(2)(b) , 55, 104
( 4 ), 114 , sch.
10 para. 5( 2 ) .
44 , ss. 48(1), 49
( 2)(b) , 55, 104
( 4).
44, s . 130, sch. 13
para. 6.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 8( 2) .
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 7.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 7.
44, s . 130, sch. 15.
cxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
5 & 6 Eliz. 2:
c. 56 -cont. Housing Act 1957 -cont. Sch. 4 ext. ( mod. )
... 44, s. 114, sch. 10
para. 7.
para. 1 am....
44, s. 114, sch. 10
para. 7(2).
c. 60
...
Sch. 5 rep . ( prosp )...
S. 4( 2), sch. 2 rep.... 44 , s. 130, sch. 15.
c. vii
...
c. xxxii
Federation of Malaya
Independence Act 1957.
Barclays Bank D.C.O.
Act 1957 .
Workington Act 1957 Am.
22,
S.L.
(Re-
Ss. 6, 7, 10 гер. ......
peals ).
ix, s. 4, sch.
...
xxviii, s . 5.
Ss. 3, 5-11 rep.... ..
xxviii , s . 38, sch.
S. 32 am.
2 . xxviii, s. 16.
Ss. 34, 47-49, 51, 52, 54
xxviii, s. 38, sch .
rep. in pt. , 55, 57, 58,
2 .
61 , 67, 68, schs. 1-4
rep.
C. XXXV...
L.C.C. (Gen. Powers) S. 74 am.
xxiv, s . 19.
Act 1957.
c. xxxvii... East Ham Act 1957 ... S. 8 rep. (saving)
S. 15 гер.
...
xxiv, s . 16(5)(a)
sch. 2 Pt. III .
xxiv. s. 14(5)(a) ,
sch . 2 Pt. II.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
c. 6 ... Import Duties Act 1958 ... S. 16( 4), sch. 7 rep.
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
с . 11... Isle of Man Act 1958... S. 1 (1) ( 2) , sch. rep....
22 , S.L. ( Re-
c . 14 ...
Overseas Service Act 1958 Transfer of functions
peals).
21, s. 3( 3), (4)
sch. 1.
c. 16
Commonwealth Institute
Act 1958. S. 8( 4) , sch . 3 rep....
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
с. 24...
Land Drainage ( Scotland)
S. 19(2) rep .
22, S.L. ( Re-
Act 1958
peals).
c. 26...
House of Commons
S. 7( 2) rep .
...
22 , S.L. ( Re-
( Redistribution of Seats)
peals ).
Act 1958 .
c. 27
Industrial Assurance and
Ss . 1 (1 ) , 3 (2) , ( 3) rep. in 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
Friendly Societies Act
pt. ( prosp. ).
11 .
1948 (Amdt.) 1958.
c. 28...
Solicitors (Scotland ) Act
S. 18, sch. 3 гер.
22 , S.L. (Re-
1958 .
peals).
c. 38...
Defence Contracts Act
S. 7(1 ) rep.
22 , S.L. ( Re-
1958.
peals ).
c. 39
Maintenance Orders Act
1958. Ss. 17, 18 appl ....
4 , s. 35(1), sch. 3
para. 5.
с. 42
... Housing ( Financial S. 43(1)(e) added...
7, s. 37( 2 ) .
Provisions) Act 1958 . S. 43(2A) added
7, s. 37( 3).
S. 43(3)(c) am.
7 , s. 37( 4).
S. 43(5) added...
7 , s. 37( 5 ).
c. 43 Horse Breeding Act 1958 S. 17(1) rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
с. 44 ... Dramatic and Musical S. 9(3) rep ...
22, S.L. (Re-
Performers ' Protection
peals ).
Act 1958.
c. 45... Prevention of Fraud
49, s. 69.
( Investments) Act 1958.
Ss. 13(1), 26(1) definition of "dealing in securi-
ties " excl.
S. 28(1) , sch. 2 rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation cxxix
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
6 & 7 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
с . 46
... Statute Law Revision Act
1958. Ss. 1-3, 4( 2 ), schs. 1-3 22, S.L. ( Re-
rep.
peals ).
c. 47 ... Agricultural Marketing S. 54(1 ) , sch. 4 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
Act 1958 .
peals ).
с. 51... Public Records Act 1958 S. 13(2) rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
Sch. 2 rep. in pt....
4, s. 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
Sch. 3 rep. in pt. , sch. 422, S.L. (Re
гер.
peals) .
c. 54...
c. 55...
Divorce ( Insanity and
Desertion) Act 1958.
Local Government Act
1958 .
S. 4 ( 3) rep.
...
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals) .
Ss. 56(1) rep. in pt. , 58(2),
sch . 8 paras . 6( 1 ), 7(3) ,
10 ( 2 ), 11 гер. , 12, 21 ,
27 rep. in pt., 29, sch. 9
rep.
c. 56... Finance Act 1958 ... S. 35(4)(b) rep.... ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 58...
c. 60...
c. 62...
c. 64...
Medical Act 1956
( Amendment) Act 1958.
Chequers Estate Act 1958
Merchant Shipping (Lia-
bility of Shipowners
and Others) Act 1958 .
Local Government and
Miscellaneous Financial
Provisions (Scotland)
Act 1958
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 40(5 ) , sch. 9 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
Ss. 2, 3, 4( 2), sch. rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 3(7) rep.... ...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
S. 8(1)(6 ), sch. rep....
22 , S.L. peals ).
( Re-
c. 67... Water Act 1958
c. 70
c. 72
...
Slaughterhouses Act 1958
Insurance Companies Act
1958 .
Ss. 10, 11, 22, sch. 4
paras. 1, 1 , 2, 7-9, 11(1),
paras :3
12, 13(1 )(2), 14, 15,
16(1 ), 17, sch. 5 paras.
1 , 8-11 , 13-16, 19, 20,
22-24, sch. 6 rep .
Sch. 1 para. 1 (2)(a)(b)
subst.
Rep. ( Ε.) ...
Residue rep. (except ss .
19(1), 20, 34, 36(4), (5),
(7), 37(1 ), (3)) .
S. 20(2 ) am.... ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 2044.
3, s. 47( 2), sch. 6.
49, s. 88( 2) , sch.
2 .
S. 36(2)(3), sch. 5 Pt. II
rep.
Repeal of s. 17(2)(3) and
schs . 3, 4 postponed.
49, s . 88(1 ), sch .
1 .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
49, s . 89(6 ) .
7 & 8 Eliz . 2:
c. 1...
c. 5 ...
Armed Forces (Housing
Loans) Act 1958 .
Adoption Act 1958
S. 3(2) rep.
S. 59(2) , sch. 6 rep .
c. 6... National Debt Act 1958
S. 17(1), sch. rep.
c. 7... Manoeuvres Act 1958..
S. 10 (2 ) rep .
c. 8 Rep.
Slaughter of Animals Act
1958.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
22, S.L. (Re-
22, peals).
S.L. ( Re-
peals).
3, s. 47(2) , sch. 6.
2L
CXXX Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
cont.-
c. vi
Kent Act 1958
c. vii
c. 11
c . 19
...
c. 22
...
Manchester Act 1958
European Monetary
Agreement Act 1959.
Emergency Laws (Repeal)
Act 1959.
County Courts Act 1959
S. 18 rep.
...
xxiv, s. 14(5)(b),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
Pt. VII (except s . 48) rep.
S.I. No. 520.
S. 3( 3), sch. rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Ss. 6 rep. in pt. , 10(3), 22, S.L. (Re-
sch. 4 rep.
peals ).
S. 29 saved ( prosp.)
47, s. 19( 2).
S. 39 excl .
...
4, s. 23( 3).
am.
S.I. No. 1273 .
Ss. 40, 41, 44( 1 ), 45, 47, S.I. No. 1273 .
68, 80 am.
S. 89 saved ( prosp. )
S. 96( 2) rep .
...
c . 23... Overseas Resources
Development Act 1959.
S. 21 (1 ) , sch . 2 rep.
с . 24 ... Building (Scotland ) Act S. 3(2) am. ( prosp.)
1959.
S. 3 (3)( d) added ( prosp.)
47, s. 19( 2) .
23, s. 22( 4) , sch.
3.
S. 102(3 )(c)(iii) am.
S.I. No. 1273 .
S. 108 excl . ( prosp. )
46, s. 28(2)(b).
S. 146 am.
S. 192( 2) subst. ( prosp. ) ...
S.I. No. 1273.
47, s. 89(1), sch.
3рага . 6.
S. 192(2)(d) added ( prosp.)
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 19.
S. 204 rep.
22, S.L. peals ). (Re-
Sch. 1 am.
...
S.I. No. 1273.
Sch. 3 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
Transfer of functions
21, s. 3(3), sch. 1
Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 1( a) .
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 1( b).
S. 3(7) added (prosp. )
37, s . 75, sch. 7
...
para. 1( c ).
S. 4( 5) replaced ( prosp.)
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 2( a) .
S. 4(6 )(7) am. (prosp. )
37, s. 75, sch. 7
рага. 2( b).
S. 4(7A) added ( prosp. ) ...
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 2(c ).
S. 4B added ( prosp.)
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 3.
S. 6 appl. (mod.) ( prosp.)
40, s. 61 ( 2).
S. 6(3A) added ( prosp.)
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 4(a ).
S. 6( 10) am. (prosp.)
37, s . 75, sch. 7
para. 4( b).
S. 9(2) am. (prosp. )
37, s. 75, sch. 7
рага. 5( a ) .
S. 9(3) am. ( prosp. )
37, s . 75, sch. 7,
рага. 5( b ).
S. 9(3A ) added ( prosp. )
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 5(c ).
S. 9(4) am. ( prosp.)
37, s. 75, sch . 7
para. 5( d ) .
Effect ofLegislation cxxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 24 -cont.
Building (Scotland ) Act S. 11 (1)(b) am. ( prosp.) ...
1959 -cont.
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 6.
S. 19 am. (prosp. )
...
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 7.
S. 19A added ( prosp.)
...
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 8.
S. 26(1) am. (prosp. )
...
37, s. 75, sch. 7
para. 9( a).
S. 26( 2A)- (2F) added
37, s. 75, sch. 7
( prosp. ).
para. 9( b) .
S. 31 ( 2), sch. 10 rep.
... 22, S.L. peals ). (Re
c. 25
... Highways Act 1959
S. 124(2) rep . , ( 3) rep. in 7, ss. 35, 42 ( 2),
pt.
sch. 6 para. 12 ,
sch. 8.
S. 174(2)(b) rep. in pt.
7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
S. 228( 9) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 235 mod.
7, s. 40(1).
S. 235( 1 ) am.
... 7, s. 6( 8), sch. 1
paras. 6, 8.
c . 26
S. 279 ext .
Ss. 311 , 312(4) rep. , schs.
22 rep. in pt. , 23, 25
гер.
S. 8( 2) am.
50, s . 17( 4) .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c .40
... Terms and Conditions of
Employment Act 1959.
Deer (Scotland ) Act 1959
... 52, s. 25(1 ) , sch. 3
S. 36, sch. 3 rep.
22, para. 8. S.L. peals). (Re
c .42
Solicitors (Amendment)
Act 1959. Rep. (1.5.75)
26 , s . 19( 5)(7) ,
sch. 3 Pt. II
and S.I. (1975)
534 .
c .44 Fire Services Act 1959
Ss. 1 rep. , 5, 6 rep. in pt . , 22, S.L. ( Re-
14 ( 4 ) , sch. rep.
peals).
c. 45 Metropolitan Magistrates'
Courts Act 1959 . Licensing (Scotland) Act
1959.
Weeds Act 1959 Dog Licences Act 1959
Sch. rep.
... 22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
c. 51 c . 54 S. 200(1), sch. 12 rep .
22, S.L. peals) . ( Re-
S. 10(1) , sch. rep .
... 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 55 Ss. 10( 1) , 13 am. (E.)
S.I. No. 595.
S. 16 (1 ), sch . rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. 56 Rights of Light Act 1959 S. 1 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
c. 57... Street Offences Act 1959 S. 5(2) , sch. rep ....
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 65 Fatal Accidents Act 1959 S. 3( 3), sch. rер. 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 68... Statute Law Revision Act
Rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
1959.
peals) .
c . 69 Wages Councils Act 1959 Functions under ss. 1-3, 52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
6, 7, 9, sch. 1 restored to commissions of
para 9( 2 ).
inquiry.
S. 5(1 )(c) cont. as added, 52, s. 25(1), sch. 3
( 2 ) cont. as am.
S. 9(1) revived... para. 9(3).
52, s. 25(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 9( 4) .
cxxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
7 & 8 Eliz. 2:
c. 69 -cont. Wages Councils Act 1959 S. 22 ( 3) cont. as am.
cont.-
52, s. 25(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 9( 5).
S. 23 words restored
52, s. 25(1), sch. 3
para. 9( 6 ).
S. 24 definitions of "wages
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
council" , " commission
para. 9( 7 ).
of inquiry " revived.
Sch. 1 para. 2A cont. as
added.
Sch. 4 revived
52, s . 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 9( 8).
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 9( 4).
Sch. 6 rep . 22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
c. 71 Colonial... Development Transfer of functions (ex- 21, s. 3( 3), sch. 1
and Welfare Act 1959. cept ss . 2(1 ) and (3) in
Pt. I.
pt. , 5 ).
S. 10(1 ) , sch. rep . 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 72 Mental Health Act 1959 S. 149( 2) rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 7 Pt. I rep. in pt. 26, s . 19(5)(6),
sch. 3 Pt. I.
Sch. 8 rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss. 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 13, sch. 1
S.I. No. 1410.
am.
Bridge Act S. 6 subst.
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxxiv Edinburgh Act 1959
c. xlvi Humber
1959.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2:
с. 6
c. 8
c. 9...
c. 16
Commonwealth Scholar- Transfer of functions
ships Act 1959.
Lord High Commissioner Rep.
(Church of Scotland )
Act 1959.
Judicial Pensions Act
S. 9(2 ), sch. 3 rep.
1959 .
Road Traffic Act 1960 ...
21, s. 3(3), sch. 1
Pt . I.
19, s. 3( 2 ) .
Ss. 127( 5), 128(3) am.
S. 129(1 ), (3 ) am. , ( 4) am.
( prosp. ) (5 ) am. (6 )
added.
S. 130 rep. (prosp. )
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
50 , s. 21 ( 1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
50, s. 10( 7) , sch. 2
para. 1 .
...
50, ss. 10( 7) , 24
( 3 ), sch. 2 para.
2 , sch. 7.
S. 131 ( 1 )(b) rep. ( prosp. ) 50, ss. 10 ( 7), 24
( 3), sch. 2 para.
3, sch. 7.
S. 132(3) am .
50, s. 21(1), sch.
5Pt. I.
S. 133(1 ) proviso rep.
50, s. 24( 2)(3 ),
( prosp. ).
sch. 6 para. 1
( 1 ), sch. 7.
S. 133(2A) (2D) added 50, s. 24 ( 2), sch. 6
( prosp. ).
para. 1(2 ).
S. 133( 4) am.
50, s . 10( 7) , sch. 2
para. 4.
rep. inpt.
50, ss. 10( 7), 24
( 3), sch. 2para.
4 , sch. 7.
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation cxxxiii
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Eliz. 2:
c. 16 -cont.
Road Traffic Act 1960 S. 133A added ( prosp.) ... 50, s. 10( 7), sch. 2
-cont.
para. 5.
Ss. 134(3) , 140(2) am.
50, s . 21 (1 ) , sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 144(6A ) added
50, s . 24(2) , sch. 6
рага. 2.
Ss. 144(8), 146(2)(3), 147
50, s. 21(1), sch . 5
( 2), 148(2), 157(2), 235
Pt. I.
( 3), 239, sch. 12 paras.
14 (3)( 4) am.
S. 233(3 ) (b) am.
50, s . 21 ( 3), sch. 5
Pt. IV para. 1 .
S. 234(b ) am.... ..
50, s. 21(3), sch. 5
Pt. IV para. 2.
S. 267(1 ) , sch. 18 rep.
22, S.L. peals). ( Re-
c . 19...
c . 24
...
c . 28
...
European Free Trade
Association Act 1960.
Pawnbrokers Act 1960 ...
Legal Aid Act 1960
S. 5 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
Rep. ( prosp . )
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
... Rep.
4 , s. 42( 1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
с. 29
...
c . 34...
Marriage ( Enabling) Act
1960.
Radioactive Substances
Act 1960.
S.1 (4), sch. rep.
22,
S.L. ( Re-
peals).
Power to modify ( prosp.)
S. 13(2) am. ( prosp. )
...
40, s . 30(5) .
40, s . 99, sch. 2
S. 13( 4) am. ( prosp.)..
para. 20 (1).
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 20( 2).
S. 13(5) am. ( prosp.)...
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 20(3) .
S. 13(6 ) am. (prosp. )
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 20( 4 ).
Sch. 1 paras. 3 rep. in pt.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
7, 8A, 15 rep. ( prosp. ) .
c . 40 ... Commonwealth Teachers Transfer of functions
21 , s. 3( 3), sch. 1
Act 1960.
Pt. I.
c. 44 ... Finance Act 1960
Sch. 8 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
с. 46 Corporate Bodies' Con-
S. 4(2) , sch. rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
tracts Act 1960.
peals).
c. 48
Matrimonial Proceedings
S. 18(1) rep. in pt. , sch. 22, S.L. ( Re
( Magistrates
Courts) peals).
rep.
Act 1960 .
c . 54..
Clean Rivers (Estuaries &
Rep. ( prosp. )
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Tidal Waters) Act 1960.
c. 56 ...
Statute Law Revision Act
S. 1 ( 1 ) , sch . rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
1960.
peals) .
c. 58
...
Charities Act 1960
S. 29(1 ) am.
44, s. 2( 2)(3) .
c. 61
...
Mental Health (Scotland)
S. 12(1) para. (a) and
27, ss. 1 (1)(b) ,
Act 1960.
proviso ( i) rep. ( prosp.) .
2( 2), sch.
Ss. 13, 14 rep. ( prosp.)
27, s . 2(2) , sch .
S. 92(5) am. ( prosp. )...
46, s. 116(1 ), sch .
9 para. 17.
S. 113(2) rep . , sch . 4 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
in pt. , sch. 5 rep .
peals) .
c. 62
Caravan Sites and Control
S. 48 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
of Development Act
peals ) .
1960.
Sch. 2 para. 3(1) am. ( E.) 7, s. 35, sch . 6
para. 13.
cxxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. orNo.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
8 & 9 Eliz. 2:
c. 62 -cont. Caravan Sites and Control Sch. 2 para. 3(1) rep. in 7, ss. 35, 42 (2),
of Development Act
pt. ( E.).
sch. 6 para. 13,
1960 -cont.
sch. 8 .
c. 65... Administration of Justice S. 19( 2), sch. 4 rep...
22, S.L. ( Re-
Act 1960.
peals ).
c . 67... The Public Bodies
Sch. rep. in pt .
S.I. No. 1351 .
( Admission to Meet-
ings) Act 1960.
c. 68... Noise Abatement Act
Rep. ( but not as to effect
40, ss. 58( 9), 108
1960.
notices served by virtue
sch. 4.
of s. 1 ofthe Act before
coming into force of
S. 58 of this Act)
( prosp. ).
c. xxvi...
University of Bristol S. 2 am.
...
Act 1960.
rep. in pt
Ss. 4, 6, 7 am.
S. 9 rep .
c. xl ... Croydon Act 1960...
S. 24 rep. ( saving)...
S. 60 rep...
xiv, s . 2(1 ) .
xiv, s. 3, sch .
xiv, s . 2(2)- (4).
xiv, s. 3, sch .
xxiv, s . 16(5)(a),
sch. 2 Pt. III.
xxiv, s . 14(5)( a),
sch. 2 Pt. II.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
c . 1
Indus Basin Development
Fund Act 1960. Transfer of functions
21 , s . 3(3) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
c. 3... Administration of Justice S. 6( 1) rep. in pt. , sch. 2 22, S.L. ( Re-
( Judges and Pensions) Pt. II rep.
peals ).
Act 1960.
c. 6... Ministers of the Crown S. 4( 2), sch. 2 rep....
( Parliamentary Secre-
taries) Act 1960.
c. 14... Nurses ( Amendment ) Act
1961. Carriage by Air Act 1961 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 27 S. 14( 2), sch. 2 rep....
Sch. 2 rep ....
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 33 ... Land Compensation Act S. 31 excl ....
1961. S. 32 saved
S. 40(3) rep .
44, s . 101 ( 2)( b) .
44, s. 115( 9 ).
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Sch. 2 para. 2(2) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 8(1) .
para. 2(2A) (2B)
added.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
Sch. 5 rep.
22, para. 8(2).
S.L. peals ). ( Re-
c . 34 ... Factories Act 1961...
Ss. 1 (5), 2( 4), 3( 3), 4(2),
S.I. No. 1941 .5( 2), 7(2), 9, 10 rep. ,
11 rep. in pt. 11( 2 )
mod. , 13 rep. in pt. and
mod. , 14(3)(4) ( 6) rep. ,
17 ( 2) rep. in pt. , (3)
(5) гер . , 18 (5)( 6) , 25(4)
rep . , 32(2) (c) rep. in pt. ,
32(2) (d) am. , 33 am. ,
33( 8) rep. in pt. , 35(1)
(c), 36(1)(d) , 40(3 ), 46
( 2 ) rep. in pt. , 48( 9)
mod. , 50, 51 am. , 51
(6 ) mod. , 53-55 гер. ,
56 rep. in pt. , 58(2) - (4),
Effect ofLegislation CXXXV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2 :
c . 34 -cont.
Factories Act 1961-cont.
c. 36
Finance Act 1961
59(2)(3 ), 62, 64 ( 4), 66
rep. , 69(1) mod. , 70,
71 , 72(2) , 73(2), 76 rep. ,
77( 2) rep. ( except as to
Northern Ireland), 78
( 4 ) rep. in pt. , 80(3)
am. , 81 rep. , 82( 1 )(2)
am. , 82(4) , 83 rep. , 84
rep. in pt., 87(2)(3),
89( 5) rep . , 89(7 )(b)
mod. , 96 mod. , 97(1 )
am. , (4)(5)-(8 ), 98(1 )(2)
( 3) am. , 101 (b) , 117
mod. , 121( 1)( b) rep. in
pt . , (7), 122(2)(b) , (6 )
rep. , (7) rep. in pt. , 123
am. , (2)(b)(d) rep., 124
( 1 ) rep. in pt. , (2)(3)
rep. , 125( 2)(c) - (e) rep . ,
( j) am. , (k) rep. , 125(3)
rep. in pt . , (4)(6 ) rep. in
pt.126(2)(b)- (d)(k)rep.,
127(2)(c) rep. in pt. ,
( d)(e) rep. , (2)(j ) am. ,
( k ) rep. in pt. , (3) rep.
in pt. and am. , (5) am. ,
128( c) rep. in pt. , 129
(1)(3)(c) rep. , (6 ) am. ,
130 ( 1 ) am. , (3 ) rep. in
pt. , 131(2) mod. , 133(5)
am. , 134 rep. , 137( 4 )
rep. in pt. , (5) rep. ,
138( 4) am. , 139 am . ,
142, 145 rep. , 146 (1 ) -
( 4 ), 147 rep. in pt. , 149,
150, 153( 3) rep. , 154,
155(5), 156, 157 rep.
inpt. , 158 am. , 159 rep. ,
160, 161 , 164( 1 )(2) rep.
in pt. , ( 3) rep. , (4)(5)
(7 ) , 165, 166(3) rep. in
pt. , 168 rep. in pt. , 173 ( 1 )
mod. , (2) am. , 174(2 )
rep. , 176(1 ) rep. in pt.
and am. , 177, 179, 180
(5)(7)(8)(10) rep. , 180
( 4 ) am. , 181(2) rep. , ( 3)
rep. in pt. , 182(5)(6 )
rep. , (9) subst.
Ss. 183(2) rep. , 185( 3)
rep. in pt.
Sch. 2 para. 8(c ) rep. in
pt. , schs . 3 , 4 гер .
Sch. 7 rep.
S. 9 cont. until 31.8.1975
S. 11 (1) rep . in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 37( 6 ) , sch. 6 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1941 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
30, s. 3.
39, s. 192( 3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
cxxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2 :
-cont.
c. 37
..
c. 39...
c .40
c. 42...
с .44...
c. 48
c.49 ...
c. 50
c. 52 с. 54 c. 55 c. 58 c. 60 Suicide Act 1961... Small Estates (Represen-
tation) Act 1961 .
Criminal Justice Act 1961
Consumer Protection Act
1961 .
S. 3( 4), sch. 2 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
Ss. 21 , 41(2), sch. 5 rep ....
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
S. 2(6) subst. ( prosp.)
39, s. 192, sch . 4
Pt. I, para. 20.
S. 5 definitions of " condi-
39, s. 192, sch. 4
tional sale agreement" ,
Pt. I para. 21 .
"hire agreement" ad-
ded. "credit sale agree-
ment" , " hire purchase
agreement"
subst.
( prosp.) .
Ss . 1 (2) , 8(2), sch. 2 rep.
Sheriffs' Pensions ( Scot-
land ) Act 1961 .
Barristers (Qualification
for Office) Act 1961 .
Land Drai Drainage Act 1961
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S. 1( 2) am. ( prosp.).
47, s . 89(1) , sch. 3
para. 7.
Ss. 44, 54(2) , sch. 1 paras .
1, 9, 15, 16, sch. 2 rep.
22, S.L. peals ).
(Re-
S. 16
S.I. No. 2117.
Covent Garden Market
Act 1961.
S. 38(2) rep. in pt. and
am.
Rivers ( Prevention of Rep. (except ss. 10, 12,
8 , s. 4( 1 )(3) , sch.
2para. 9.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Pollution) Act 1961 . 13(1 ) , 15(1 )(3)) (prosp. )
S. 1( 5) appl. (mod.)
40, s . 56(5) (c) .
( prosp.).
Ss . 4( 2) , 8 (2) rep ....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss . 10(1), 12(1)(ii) ext. 40, s. 108, sch. 3
( prosp.).
para. 17.
S. 15( 4) , sch. 2 rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
Army and Air Force Act
1961 .
S. 29(2), sch. 2 rep. in pt. 22, S.L.
peals ). ( Re-
peals).
Human Tissue Act 1961 S. 4(2) rep .
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Crown Estate Act 1961 ... Ss. 9(2), (4) rep. , 10 (3)
rep. in pt.
Sch . 2 para. 2(b) am.
Sch . 3 rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38, s. 20.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
1961 .
Crofters (Scotland ) Act Ss. 2(6 ) rep . in pt. , 4(4) ,
6(6), 9(12), 10, 11(1),
18(2) , sch. 1 paras. 6,
10 (a) , (c) , (d), sch. 3
rep.
... S. 3(2), sch . 2 rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 62
Trustee Investments Act
1961. c. 63 Highways (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1961 . S. 16( 2 ), sch. 5 rep.
Ss. 1( 6) rep. in pt. , 12 rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Effect ofLegislation cxxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. 64 Public Health Act 1961 ... S. 1 (1) am. ( prosp. )
S. 2( 3) excl . ( prosp.)
S. 4 saved. ( prosp.)
S. 4(1) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 4(2) am. (prosp.)
saved ( prosp. )
ext. (Inner Lon-
don ) ( prosp.).
S. 4( 4) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 4(5) saved. ( prosp. )
ext. (Inner Lon-
don ) ( prosp. )
S. 4 ( 6 ) ext . (Inner Lon-
don ) (prosp. ) ...
am. ( prosp. )
... 37, s. 76( 2).
37, s . 76(2)(b).
37, s. 62(5) .
37, s. 83(2), sch.
10 .
37, s . 61 (3), sch . 6
Pt. I para. 4 (a ).
37, ss. 66 (3) , 67
( 7 ).
37, s. 70(1) .
37, s. 83( 2), sch .
10 .
37, s. 69(8).
37, s. 70(1) .
37, s . 70 (1) .
37, s. 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 4(b).
S. 4( 7) ext. (Inner Lon-
don ).
Ss. 4, 6, 7 Reprinted as
37, s . 62(4) , sch.
am . ( prosp. ).
6 Pt. II.
Ss. 4-8 am. ( prosp.)
..
37 , s. 76 ( 4 ).
S. 5 saved ( prosp. )
37, s . 62(5) .
ext. (Inner London)
37, s. 70 (1).
( prosp .) .
S. 6 saved ( prosp.)
..
37, s . 62(5) .
am. ( prosp. )
37, s. 69(3).
ext. ( mod.) ( prosp. )
37, s. 65(5).
S. 6(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
37, s . 61 (3), sch.
6 Pt. I para.
5 (a ).
S. 6( 2) proviso am . ( prosp.)
37, s. 61( 3 ), sch . 6
Pt . Ipara. 5 ( b ).
S. 6(4) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
37, s. 83( 2), sch.
10.
S. 6(6 ) subst. ( prosp.)...
37, s. 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 5
( c ).
S.6( 7A)(7B) added( prosp.). 37, s. 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt . I para. 5
( d ).
S. 6( 8) rep . ( prosp.)
37, ss. 61(3), 83
( 2 ) sch. 6 Pt. I
sch. 10.
S. 6 ( 8) rep.
22,
S.L. (Re-
peals).
S. 7 saved ( prosp.)
37 , s. 62 ( 5 ) .
am. ( prosp. )
37, s. 69.
ext. ( mod .) ( prosp.)
37, s . 65(5) .
S. 7(1) am. ( prosp . )
37, s. 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 6(a).
S. 7( 2) am. ( prosp.)
37, s. 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 6(b).
cxxxviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
c.'64 -cont.
c. 65...
c. xii...
Public Health Act 1961 S. 7(3) - (6 ) rep. (prosp.) ... 37, ss. 61( 3), 83
-cont.
( 2 ), sch. 6 Pt. I
para. 6( c) , sch.
10 .
S. 7(7) added ( prosp. )
...
37, s . 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 6( d) .
S. 8 subst. ( prosp.)
...
37, s. 61 ( 3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 7.
saved ( prosp.)
37, s . 62(5) .
S. 9 ext. ( Inner London )
37, s. 70(1).
( prosp. )
saved ( prosp. )
...
37, s. 62(5) .
S. 9( 3) saved ( prosp. )
37, s. 70( 6 ) .
am. ( prosp.)
...
37, s. 61(3), sch. 6
Pt. I para. 8.
S. 10 saved ( prosp.)
37, s. 62(5) .
S. 10(1) rep .
22, S.L. peals ). (Re-
S. 10(1 )(2) гер. ( prosp.)
...
37, s. 83(2), sch.
10.
s . 10(3)(6 ) rep .
... ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 11 saved ( prosp.)
37, s. 62( 5).
Ss. 24 (1) rep. in pt. , ( 2 ),
22, S.L. ( Re-
25(10) гер .
peals ).
S. 29(4)(b) rep. in pt.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
( prosp . ).
S. 34(5) am. ( prosp. )
...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 18.
S.I. No. 692.
Housing Act 1961...
Clerical, Medical and
General Life Assurance
Act 1961 .
S. 49(2) functions of Sec-
retary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Energy.
Ss. 55, 57(2) restr .
40, s. 44 ( 2).
Ss. 55-58 rep. ( prosp.)
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 58 rep .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 59(1 ) (e ) Power to rep. 40, s. 52(1)(b).
( prosp. )
S. 60( 1) ext .
S. 60(2) excl. ( prosp.)...
40 , s. 44 ( 1).
40, s. 45( 1) .
S. 61 (4) Power to rep. 40, s. 52(1 )( b).
( prosp. )
S. 63(5) rep. ( prosp.)
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 70 appl.
...
...
Ss. 79, 86(3 ) гер .
40 , s. 44 ( 4).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Sch. 1 saved ( prosp. )
37, s. 62(5) .
Sch. 1 Pt. III rep. in pt. 37, s. 83(2), sch.
( prosp. ).
10.
S. 7 am. ( prosp.)
44 , s. 34 .
S. 9 saved
... ..
44, s. 35( 4)(c).
Pt. II ext.
44, s. 49( 3)( a).
S. 24, sch . 3 rep. ( prosp. )
44, s. 130, sch .
15.
Ss. 1 ( 2), 2 (in pt. ), 4, 6-8,
xi , s. 21 (2), sch. 2.
14-16 , 19, 20, sch. 1
rep.
Sch. 2 am. and rep. in pt. | xi, s. 21(1), sch . 1 .
Effect ofLegislation cxxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
9 & 10 Eliz. 2:
-cont.
c. xlvi ... River Ravensbourne &c. S. 25 rep. (saving)
Act 1961 .
10 & 11 Eliz. 2:
с . 9
c. 12 ...
xxiv, s. 16(5)(a),
sch . 2 Pt. III .
Local Government (Fin- Ss. 5(1), 12(2 ), sch. 3 rep. 22, S.L. (Re-
ancial Provisions etc.)
( Scotland ) Act 1962.
peals ).
Education Act 1962... Ss. 1 (1) , 2(3) excl . 7, s. 1 (4)(b) , (5)
( b ) .
S. 13( 1) , sch. 2 rep.
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
с . 15... Criminal Justice Admin- S. 20( 2), sch. 5 rep.
istration Act 1962.
West Indies Act 1962... ..
22, S.L. ( Re-
с . 19
peals) .
Sch. rep....
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c . 23 South Africa Act 1962
Ss. 1 ( 1 ) rep. , 2( 3) rep. in 22, S.L. ( Re-
pt. , sch. 5 rep. peals ).
c . 28
c . 30
... Housing (Scotland) Act
1962. ... Northern Ireland Act
1962. S. 35( 2), sch. 5 rep.... 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Ss. 25(1)(c ), 28, 30( 2)
rep . , sch. 1 rep. in pt. , 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
schs. 3, 4 rep.
с. 31
... Sea Fish Industry Act
1962 . S. 37, sch. 4 rep....
c. 33
... Health Visiting and Social
Sch. 1 paras. 1 am. , 4
Work (Training) Act
subst. , 7-9 rep. , 10 am,
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 1265.
1962.
11 subst. , 21 added.
c. 37
... Building Societies Act S. 129(1) definition of
1962. "policy of life assur-
49, s. 88( 1), sch.
1.
ance " am.
S. 131 rep. 22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 132(5) saved (prosp. ) ... 46, s. 116(2), sch.
10, para. 9.
Sch. 3 paras. 2, 7, 9
49, s. 88(1), sch.
definition of "policy of
1 .
life assurance" am.
Sch. 10 rep . ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c .44 Finance Act 1962...
S. 33(1 ) rep. in pt . , sch. 11
22, S.L. (Re-
Pt. VI rep.
peals).
c. 46 ... Transport Act 1962
S. 19 am . (Railways
48, s. 1 .
Board ).
S. 19(2) am. , 21 (1 ) rep.
8, s . 4( 1 )(3) , sch.
in pt.
2 para. 1 .
Ss. 22(1 ), (4) rep. , ( 5) гер.
in pt. , 23 rep.
22, S.L. peals ) .
( Re-
S. 27(2) , (7) , (8) am.
48, s. 4(6 ).
Ss. 33, 34(1 )- (7) rep. , 36
22, S.L. ( Re-
( 5 ) rep. in pt. , ( 8),
peals).
38 гер.
S. 39 am. ( Railways
48, s. 1 .
Board ).
Ss. 43(9) , 56(19), 60, 76-22, S.L. ( Re-
78, 80, 84(1) , 86( 7 ) ,
peals).
95(1)(2), (5), schs. 3-5,
sch. 6 para. 1 (2), (4)
rep. , (5)(6 ) rep. in pt. ,
sch. 7 paras. 3, 4, 18-
cxl Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
10 & 11 Eliz. 2:
c. 46 -cont.
c. 47
c.48...
c. 50
c. 51...
c. 53
c. 58...
c. 59
Transport Act 1962
22, 23( 1 ), (3 ) , sch. 12
-cont.
Pts. I rep. , II rep.
( saving) .
Education (Scotland ) Act S. 63(1) para. (ii) rep.
1962. ( prosp. ).
Ss. 64(1 ), (4), (5 ) rep. in
pt. (prosp. ), 66(4) para.
(iii), ( 6) , (7) , 66B, 66C,
66D, 141 (2)(a)(b) rep.
( prosp.).
S. 147 rep. in pt. , sch. 8
rep.
S. 3( 2), sch. rep .
Law Reform ( Husband
and Wife) Act 1962.
Landlord and Tenant Act
1962.
S. 6( 2) added
S. 7( 4), sch. rep....
Licensing (Scotland) Act S. 26( 2) rep. , sch. 2
1962.
paras. 19 rep. in pt . ,
20, 22(b) , 25 гер. , 29,
31 , 35(a) rep. in pt. ,
36( c) ( e ) ( f ) , sch. 3 rep.
House of Commons S. 2( 4), sch . rep ....
Members' Fund Act
1962.
Pipe-Lines Act 1962
Road Traffic Act 1962
Excl ( prosp. )
Ss. 13(1 ) am. , 20 mod. ,
( 3) rep. in pt . , 21 , 22
mod. , 22(2) rep. in pt. ,
23 mod. , (4) rep. in pt. ,
24 rep. , 26 mod. , (2)
rep. in pt. , 33 mod. ,
34 rep.
S. 35(6) rep. in pt.
Ss. 42 replaced, 46( b),
47(1 )(2) , 58 ( 4) rep. in
pt . , (5) rep . , 59(5) rep .
in pt. , (6 ) rер. , 60(1 )
( 2), 61 rep. in pt. , 66(1)
definition of " inspec-
tor" , sch . 5 гер.
Sch. 1 Pt. III paras. 49,
51 rep. ( prosp . ), sch . 4
rep. in pt.
S. 37 гер .
C. XXX Manchester Act 1962
c. xlv L.C.C. (Gen. Powers) Act S. 33 am.
1962.
1963 :
c. 2...
c. 3...
Betting, Gaming and
Lotteries Act 1963 .
Betting Duties Act 1963
S. 57(1), sch . 8 rep.
S. 6(1) , sch . 3 rep.
c. 6 S. 2 rep....
Commonwealth Scholar-
ships ( Amendment) Act
1963.
c. 9... Purchase Tax Act 1963 ... S. 41 (1 ), sch. 4 rep....
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
27 , ss. 1(1)( a),
2 ( 2), sch.
27, s. 2( 2), sch.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 9.
22, S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
40, s . 12(7) ( 10) .
S.I. No. 1986.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 1986.
50, s. 24( 3), sch.
7 .
S.I. No. 520.
xxiv, s. 17.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Effect of Legislation cxli
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963 -cont.
c. 12
c . 18
c . 24
...
c . 25
..
Local Government (Fin-
ancial ( Provisions)
(Scotland) Act 1963 .
Stock Transfer Act 1963
British Museum Act 1963
Finance Act 1963 ...
Ss. 18 rep. in pt. , 27, 22, S.L. (Re-
sch. 3 rep.
peals ).
Schs. 1 , 2 am.
S. 13( 5), sch. 4 rep.
S. 55 am. ( saving)
S. 56( 1)(2) rep.
S. 57( 1 ) rep . in pt.
S. 58 rep.
S. 62(2) am.
Sch. 11 subst. ( saving)
c. 29...
Local Authorities (Land) S. 2(2)(3 ) rер .
Act 1963 .
S. 8, sch . rep.... ...
c. 30... Statute Law Revision Act
Rep.
..
1963 .
с. 31... Weights and Measures S. 4( 2) am. (E.)... ...
Act 1963 .
S.I. No. 1214.
22, S.L. peals). ( Re-
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. 1 para. 4
Pt. III .
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. III .
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. IV.
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. I para. 5.
30, s. 49, sch. 11
Pt. 1 para. 3,
Pt. III .
7, ss . 35, 42(2) ,
sch. 6 para. 14,
sch. 8 .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 15(1) .
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch . 6 para. 15,
sch. 8.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 33...
London
Act 1963 .
Ss. 4(2), 5(3) , 44(1 ) rep .
in pt. ( E.).
Ss. 61 rep. , 63(1 )(2) rep.
in pt. , sch. 9, sch. 10
Pt. V rep .
Government S. 5(1 ) am.
S. 21 ( 1 ) am.
S. 40( 4)(d) rep. in pt.
( prosp. ).
S. 40(4)(g) rep. (prosp. ) ...
S. 41 ( 1 )(b) am. ( prosp. ) ...
S. 54( 1 ) rep. in pt .
xxiv, s. 12(1 )
S.I. No. 2044.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch . 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 19.
3 , S. 47(1)(2),
schs. 5, 6.
S. 54(4) am.
...
3, s. 46(1), sch. 3
para. 2.
S. 76( 1 ) ( b)- (d ) subst .
S.I. No. 482.
S. 93(1) rep. , sch. 6 22, S.L. ( Re
para. 67 rep.
peals ).
Sch. 8 para. 14 am.
S.I. No. 2044.
Sch . 11 Pt . I
para. 12 excl . ( prosp. )
am. ( prosp.)
paras. 14, 16, 32 rep.
37, s . 70(3 ) .
37, s . 70(8).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
( prosp. ).
para. 34 excl . ( prosp.)
am. ( prosp.)
37, s . 70( 3) .
37, s . 70(8).
cxlii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963 :
c. 33 -cont. London Government
Act 1963-cont.
Sch. 12 paras. 3, 6 rep. in 7, ss. 35, 42( 2),
pt.
sch. 6 para. 16,
sch. 8.
Sch . 13 Pt. III rep....
3, s. 47(1)(2),
schs. 5, 6.
Sch. 14 para. 11 am.
S.I. No. 595.
Sch. 17 para. 29, sch. 18 22, S.L.
( Re-
rep.
peals ).
c. 35... Malaysia Act 1963... c . 37... Children and Young
Persons Act 1963. S. 6(2) , sch. 3 rep....
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Ss. 21 , 64( 3), sch. 3 paras.
22, S.L. (Re-
1-3 , 8, 12 rep. , 13 rep.
peals ).
in pt . , 39, sch. 5 rep .
c . 38... Water Resources Act S. 19(4)(d)(e) Transfer of
1963. functions .
Ss. 72-76 rep. ( prosp.)...
S. 77( 2) am. ( prosp.)
S. 79(1 )(2) rep. ( prosp.) ...
S. 79(5) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 79(7) rep . ( prosp.)
S. 79( 8) rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
S. 113(1) (c ) am. ( prosp. )
Ss. 114( 1) rep. in pt. , (2),
S.I. No. 692, sch.
1 Pt. III.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 20.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 21 .
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
( 4 )(a ) rep. , 115(1 )(b) ,
135(8) rep . in pt.
( prosp.).
Sch. 7, paras. 4(e) (f ) ,
17Transfer offunctions.
Sch. 8 paras. 1-6 appl.
S.I. 692, sch 1 Pt.
III .
40, s. 33( 6 ) .
( mod.) (prosp. ).
Sch. 13 paras. 5-7, 11, 14
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
rep. ( prosp. ).
c .40 ...
с . 41...
Commonwealth Develop-
ment Act 1963 .
Offices , Shops and
Railway Premises Act
1963.
S. 2( 3) Transfer of func-
tions.
Ss. 3( 3), 4(3) rер. , 4( 4)
am. , 6(5), 7(2), 8 (2),
21, s. 3( 3), sch. 1
Pt . I.
S.I. No. 1943.9(3)(4) , 10(3)(4), 12(3 ),
20-22, 23(2), 25, 26, 27
( 3) гер . , 29(9) , 32, 37(1 ),
38(2) rep. in pt . , 39( 1)
am. , 39( 2) subst. , 42( 2)
(b) , (3)(b), (8)-( 10), 43
( 6 ) - (8), 45 гер . , 46(5)( a)
(6 ) am. , ( 12) ( 14) rep . ,
48( 3) am. , (4) rep. (5 )
subst. , 49(2) rep. , (3)
am. , 50 rep . , 52( 1 ) rep. ,
in pt. (3)(4) am. , 4( b)
(6 ) am. , 53 rep. in pt. ,
54 rep. , 55 rep. in pt. ,
56-58 rep . , 59 rep. in
pt. , 61 , 62 rep. , 63( 3)
added. , 64 rep. in pt. ,
65, 66, 68 гep. , 69 am. ,
70(1) rep. in pt. , 71(1)
rep. , 71 (2) am . , 74(2) -
( 4), 75(2) , rep . , (80)
Effect ofLegislation cxliii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1963:
c. 43 c. 41-cont. Offices , Shops and
Railway Premises Act
1963 -cont.
( 1) ( 3) rep. in pt., ( 4 )
am. , (5)(6 )(8) rер. , (7)
am. , 81 rep. , 83(2 ) am. ,
( 3 ) am., ( 4 ) am. and
rep. in pt. , (5) am. , 85
( 1) rep. in pt. , 89(2)( 3)
rep. , 90 rep. in pt. , sch.
1 rep.
Animal Boarding Estab- S. 1( 2) rep. in pt. ( E.)
...
lishments Act 1963 .
7, ss. 35, 42( 2),
sch. 6 para. 17,
sch. 8.
S. 7(2) rep.
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 48... c. 51...
c . 46... Local Government S. 16, sch. 2 rep ....
( Financial Provisions)
Act 1963 .
Peerage Act 1963... S. 7( 2), sch. 2 rep....
Land Compensation Appl. ( mod.)...
( Scotland) Act 1963 . Ext .
S. 20 excl .
S. 47(3) rep .... ...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
45, s. 29.
45, s. 33( 4 ) .
...
38, s . 6(2)(c), (4).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 2 paras. 1(2), (5), (6), 2(1 ), (3), 3( 1 ) am.
Sch. 4 rep.
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 2
para. 3.
...
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
c. 55
... c. 59
xxiv
...
Zanzibar Act 1963... Electricity and Gas Act
1963 .
London Transport Act
1963 .
S. 6( 3), sch. 3 гер....
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
Sch. 2 rep.... ...
22 , S.L. peals ).
( Re-
S. 21 am....
xvii, s. 11 .
C.A.M.:
No. 1
...
Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction
Measure Act 1963.
Ss. 2(5), 3( 6 )-(8), 4(2),
27( 2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 55 subst....
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch . 2.
G.S.M. No. 2,
s . 1.
S. 55(1 ) mod.
...
G.S.M. No. 2,
s. 2( 4).
S. 56 subst.
...
G.S.M. No. 2,
s. 1.
S. 57 am.
... ...
G.S.M. No. 2,
s. 2(1).
S. 79 am.
... ...
G.S.M. No. 2,
s. 2(2).
Sch. 1 Pt. II rep. ( prosp. ) G.S.M. No. 3,
Sch. 3 rep.
s. 6, sch . 2.
G.S.M. No. 2,
s. 2( 3).
1964 :
c. 12...
c . 15...
Episcopal Church (Scot-
land) Act 1964.
Defence (Transfer of
Functions) Act 1964.
S. 1 ( 2) rep....
22, S.L. peals) .
(Re-
S. 1(8 ) rep.... ...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 2(1) rep. in pt....
21 , s. 4( 3), sch. 3 .
cxliv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 -cont.
c . 24 Trade Union ( Amal-
gamations, etc.) Act
1964.
Ss. 1-11 words restored,
1 (1A) , 4(8 ), 6(2) subst. ,
52, s. 25(1), sch. 3
para. 10.
7(1 )(c) words restored,
8 revived, 9(1) subst . ,
schs. 1 , 2 words res-
tored.
c. 25...
War Damage Act 1964...
S. 12, sch. 3 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 26... Licensing Act 1964
S. 203(1 ), (3), sch. 15 rep .
22, SL.
( Re-
peals ).
c. 27... Salmon and Freshwater
Rep.
22 , S.L. (Re-
Fisheries Act 1923
peals ).
( Amendment) Act 1964.
c. 28 Agriculture and Horticul- S. 7( 3) rep.
ture Act 1964.
c. 29... Continental Shelf Act
S. 8(2) rep ....
1964.
c. 30... Legal Aid Act 1964... Rep.
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals) .
4, s. 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
c. 33 Burgh Police ( Amend- S. 1 rep. in pt....
22,
S.L. (Re-
ment) (Scotland) Act
peals ).
1964.
c. 34... Criminal Procedure S. 1 (2) rep.
( Right of Reply) Act
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
1964.
c. 39... Protection of Animals S. 1( 2) rep .... ..
( Anaesthetics)Act 1964.
c .40 Harbours Act 1964 Ss. 29(1) rep. in pt. , 38
( 1)(a) rep. , (c) rep. in
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
pt. , (3), 39(5), 63(3) ,
sch. 6 rep.
с. 41... Succession ( Scotland ) Act S. 34( 2), sch. 2 para. 13(a) ,
1964. sch. 3 rep.
c. 42... Administration of Justice S. 9( 3)( b) rep. ( prosp .) ...
Act 1964.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
39, s. 192(3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
Ss. 40(1 ) , 41( 8), sch. 3
22, S.L. ( Re-
paras . 9, 19(3), 20(5),
peals).
23(2), sch. 5 rep.
c . 47... Merchant Shipping Act Ss. 9(a ) , 18( 4 ) rep.
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
1964.
peals ).
c. 48 Police Act 1964... S. 31 mod.
7, s . 1 (6 )(b).
S. 64(3) rep .
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
Sch. 4 paras. 5(1 )- (3), (6 ), S.I. No. 520.
7 rep. (saving).
Sch. 9 rep. in pt....
rep. in pt....
Sch. 10 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 595.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 520.
c .49... Finance Act 1964...
Sch. 11 para. 3 rep.
( saving ).
Sch. 1 am....
30, s. 1(1)( 2 ).
Sch. 2 am.
...
30, s. 1(3).
Sch. 3 am.
30, s. 1( 4 ).
Sch. 4 am.
30 , s. 1( 5 ) .
Sch. 5 am.
30 , s. 1( 6 ) .
Sch. 8 paras . 2, 8, 10 rep. , 22, S.L. ( Re-
sch. 9 rep. in pt.
peals ) .
Effect ofLegislation cxlv
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 -cont.
c. 50
c. 51
c. 53
... ...
c. 56
c. 57
Tenancy of Shops (Scot-
land ) Act 1964. Rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
Universities and College
S. 4(2) rep. , sch. 3 rep. in
22, S.L. ( Re-
Estates Act 1964.
pt. , sch. 4 rep .
peals) .
Hire-Purchase Act 1964
Rep. (except Pt. III and
39, s. 192(3)(b),
s. 37) ( prosp.).
sch. 5.
Pt. III reprinted as am.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
( prosp . ).
Pt. III para. 22.
Housing Act 1964...
S. 1 (1) am.
44, s. 1 ( 2)(3).
rep. inpt. , (1A )
( 1A ) rep.
44, 44, s.130, sch. 15.
S. 1(2) mod. (Loans)
44, s. 9( 3).
S. 2 rep . ( saving) ( prosp .)
44 , s. 130 , sch. 14
para. I, sch. 15 .
Ss. 3, 4 rep.
S. 5(1 ) am. ( prosp. )
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10( 1 ) .
S. 6 rep....
S. 8 am.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 15 .
44 , s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10(2).
Ss. 8(6)(7) (9), 9 rep.
S. 10 (4 ) am.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
S. 11(1) rep. in pt.
para. 10 ( 3).
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para.
10( 4),
sch. 15.
am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10( 4) .
S. 12(1) rep. in pt. , ( 2) rep.
Pt. II, ( ss. 13-44), ss. 57,
59 rep. (saving) .
Pt. IV (ss. 64-91) ext .
S. 72 ext .
S. 72(1 ) rep . in pt.
44 , s. 130, sch. 15,
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44 , s. 49( 3)( a).
44 , s. 43( 5 )
44, s . 130, sch. 13
para. 10( 5)(a),
sch. 15.
am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10(5)(a).
S. 72(2)(a) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10(5)(b) .
S. 72(2)(b) am.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10(5)(b).
S. 72(2A ) added.
S. 95(2A) added ( prosp.)
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 10( 5)( c).
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 22.
S. 102 (1 ) am.
S. 103(1 ) am.
S. 103( 2 ) am.
Sch. 1 para. 2( 1) am.
para. 2A added
...
44, s. 103(1) .
44, s . 103( 2).
44 , s. 103( 3).
44, s. 1(1 ), sch. I
рага. І.
44, s. 1 (1), sch. I
para. 2.
para. 5 am.
44, s . 1 (1), sch. I
para. 3 .
para. 6 added
...
44, s. 1( 1), sch. I
para. 4.
Adoption Act 1964 S. 2( 2 ) rep.
...
22 , S.L.
(Re-peals).
cxlvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1964 -cont.
c. 60... Emergency Laws ( Re- S. 1 (1) am. ( prosp.)
enactment and Repeals)
Act 1964.
c. 65... Zambia Independence
S. 11( 3) , sch . 3 rep....
Act 1964.
c. 70... Riding Establishments S. 1( 2) am. ( E.)...
Act 1964.
c. 71... Trading Stamps Act 1964 S. 2( 1) subst. ( prosp.)...
c. 72... Fishery Limits Act 1964
c. 75... Public Libraries and
Museums Act 1964.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 23
( 1 ) .
S. 1 (2) subst. ( prosp.)
...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 23
( 2 ) .
S. 1( 4) rep . ( prosp. )
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch. 5.
S. 6 cont. until 31.12.1979
Sch. 2 rep....
S.I. No. 2139.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
7, s. 35, sch . 6
рага. 18.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I, para. 24.
S. 3( 4) subst. ( prosp.)...
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 25.
S. 10(1) definitions of
"conditional sale agree-
ment" added,
"hire-purchase agree-
ment" added,
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 26
( 1 ).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I, para. 26
( 2 ).
" trading stamps"
subst ,
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 26
( 3 ).
" purchase"
rep .
39, s . 192(3)(b),
( prosp. ).
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S. 3( 4) rep. , sch. 1 rep. in 22, S.L. ( Re-
pt. , sch. 2 reр.
S. 26( 2) .... ..
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 520.
Sch. 1 paras. 1 (1) - (3), 3 ,
5 definition of "pen-
sions " rep . (saving) .
Sch. 3 rep.
22, S. L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 79
...
Statute Law Revision
Rep....
22, S.L.
(Re-
Act 1964.
peals).
c. 80
... Statute Law Revision S. 1 sch. 1 гер...
22 , S.L. ( Re-
(Scotland) Act 1964.
peals ) .
c. 81... Diplomatic Privileges Act S. 8( 4 ), sch. 2 rep....
1964.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
c. 84... Criminal Procedure S. 8( 5) rep. , sch. 2 Pts. I, 22, S.L. ( Re-
(Insanity) Act 1964. II, rep. in pt.
peals).
c. 86... Malta Independence Act S. 4( 6 ), sch. 3 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
1964.
peals).
c. 90 ... Spray Irrigation (Scot-
land) Act 1964. S. 9(2) am. (prosp.)...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 23.
c. 92 ... Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 S. 10( 4), sch. 4 rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 95 .. Travel Concessions Act
S. 1 (2) rep....
22, S.L. ( Re-
1964.
peals).
c. 98 ... Ministers of the Crown S. 5( 4 ) rep....
22 , S.L. (Re-
Act 1964. peals).
Sch . 1 ext . 21, s. 3( 2 ).
Sch. 2 Pt. I rep. in pt. , 22, S.L. ( Re-
sch. 3 rep. peals ).
Effect ofLegislation cxlvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1964 -cont.
c. ix.... Harwich Harbour Act Rep. (saving)
1964.
i , ss. 6, 8, 9,
sch. 3 Pt. I.
C.A.M.:
No.4 ... Holy Table Measure 1964 Rep. ( prosp. )... ...
No. 6...
No. 7...
1965 :
c . 2...
c .4
...
c . 9
...
с . 11
...
c . 12
c. 13...
c . 16
c .24...
Clergy (Ordination and
Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Measure 1964.
Vestures of Ministers
Measure 1964.
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
Ss. 3-6, rep. , 12 rep. in pt . G.S.M. No. 3,
( prosp.).
s. 6, sch. 2.
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
Administration of Justice Ss. 22( 4), 34( 1), 36 ( 4) гер.,
Act 1965.
sch. 1 rep. in pt. , schs .
2 , 3 гер.
Science and Technology S. 5(1)( b) subst ....
...
Act 1965.
Schs. 2, 4 rep. in pt....
Armed Forces (Housing
Loans) Act 1965.
Ministerial Salaries and
Members' Pensions Act
1965.
Industrial and Provident
Societies Act 1965. S. 1 ( 5 )( b) rep. in pt. , sch.
Pt. I paras 2( c), 3 гер.
S. 20(2)( 3), sch. 5 rep....
S. 11 (1) am. ( prosp. )...
S. 11 ( 2) am. ( prosp.)
...
S. 50 ( 4) mod.
S. 52 excl .
S. 55 ext.
... ...
S. 58( 5)(6) mod.
S. 71(1) am.
...
Rivers ( Prevention of
Pollution )
( Scotland)
Act 1965.
S. 77(1 ) , sch . 5 rep.
Rep. (except ss. 10, 13(1),
15 ( ( prosp. ). 1)( 4 ),
17(1) - (3))
S. 1( 5 ) appl. (mod.)
( prosp. ).
Ss. 4(2), 9(2) гер.
...
S. 10(1 ) am. ( prosp. ).
...
S. 17(6 ) rep. , sch. 3 rep.
in pt. , sch. 4 rep.
Airports Authority Act S. 5( 2) am.
...
1965.
S. 12( 3) am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 18( 4) functions of
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Trade.
S. 19(3) rep. ( prosp.)...
Severn Bridge Tolls Act S. 3(7) definitions of "the
1965. county councils " ,
"local authority" subst.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 692.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ) .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9 para. 18( a ) .
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9, para. 18( b).
44 , s. 24 ( 2 ).
44 , s. 24 ( 3).
44, ss. 21( 4), 22
( 2 ), 23.
44 , s. 24 ( 5 ).
49, ss. 20( 3), 40
( 7 ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s . 56(5)(d).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
40, s. 108, sch. 3
22 , para. 24.
S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
8, s. 4(1)(3), sch.
2para. 5.
50, s. 24(2), sch. 6
para. 3.
S.I. No. 692.
37, s. 83( 2), sch.
10.
S.I. No. 595.
cxlviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1965 -cont.
с. 25... Finance Act 1965... Pt. III (ss 19-45, sch. 6 ) 30, ss. 38, 40(3),
ext. ( mod. ).
45, sch. 3. Pt.
II para. 18( 4),
sch 9 paras.
2 ( 3 ), 15.
S. 20(1 )(2) ext .
30, s. 44, sch. 8
para. 1.
S. 21 saved
S. 22( 3) mod.
30, s. 8( 8) .
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. 1 para. 3.
S. 25( 9) ext .
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 1 (a ).
S. 29( 3) restr.
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 21,
sch. 6 para. 9
( 1 ).
S. 33 ext .
...
30, s. 44, sch. 8
para. 4.
excl .
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 16
( 1 ).
S. 33( 1 )(b) , (2)(b) excl .
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 17.
S. 33(3)(5)(7)-( 10) appl .
30, s. 38, sch . 3
Pt. II para. 18
(6 )( a ).
S. 33( 10) (e) added
S. 33(11) appl .
30, s. 31 .
30, s. 38, sch . 3
Pt. II para. 18
( 6 ) ( a ).
S. 34 restr.
...
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 22.
S. 34(1) am.
S. 38(2) mod.
S. 41 ext.
30, s. 34.
30, s. 43( 2 ).
30, s. 44, sch. 8
para. 3, sch. 10
para. 5( 2)( a ) .
S. 42 ext. ( mod.)
30, s. 44, sch. 8
sch. 8 para. 3.
ext.
..
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 5( 2)(a).
mod.
S. 45(7)(b) mod.
S. 45(8) appl.
S. 92(2 ) am.
S. 93 restr.
S. 94(1) rep. in pt.
30, s . 42(5)(6) .
3039/4 30, s . 39( 4) ( a) .
..
30, s. 41 .
30, s. 54 (1).
44, s. 17(2)(3).
22 , S.L.
(Re-
peals).
Sch. 6 mod.
30, s. 45, sch. 9,
para. 16( 2 ).
para. 2(1 ) excl .
30 , ss. 38, 40, sch.3
Pt. II para. 23,
sch. 6 para. 9.
30, s. 42(7).
para. 4(1)(a ) ext.
( mod.).
para. 4(1)(a)(b)
appl.
ext. ... ...
30, s . 38( 3).
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. I paras. 2
( 7 ), 5( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation cxlix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965-cont.
c. 25 -cont. Finance Act 1965 -cont. Sch 6 para. 4( 1)(b) ext.
30, s. 44, sch. 8
para. 5, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 12
( 1 ).
para. 7( 2) ext....
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. I para. 2
( 3 ).
para. 14 excl.
30, s. 45, sch. 9
para. 14( 6 ) .
ext.
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 2.
para. 14( 5) ext...
30, s. 39, sch. 5
рага. 2.
para. 23(1 ) (b)
30, s. 48(1)(3 )(5) .
subst. (retrosp.)
para. 23(1)(2) am.
30, s . 48(1 )(2)(5).
( retrosp . )
para. 23( 4) mod.
30, s. 38, sch. 3
para. 15, sch. 6
para. 6.
para. 23( 5) added 30, s. 48(4)(5).
( retrosp . )
Sch. 7 para. 3 excl.
30, s. 41(13).
para. 6 excl.
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II , para. 20
(1).
para. 13(1 ) restr ....
30, s. 42 (a ) .
para. 13( 2) mod....
30, s. 42(5).
para. 14(2)(a) ext.
30, s. 39, sch. 5
para. 19 ext .
para. 3 .
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 1( a ).
Sch. 8 para. 4 ext...
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. I para. 2
( 7 ).
para. 7 excl.
30, s . 45, sch. 9
para. 18.
Sch. 10 para. 4 ext....
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 2.
c . 26... Criminal Justice Act 1965 Rep.
23, s. 22( 4), sch.
3 .
с . 31... Solicitors Act 1965... Rep. (1.5.75)
...
47, s. 89(2), sch .
4 and S.I.
(1975) 534.
c. 32... Administration of Estates
( Small Payments) Act
S. 5(1) am. ( prosp.)
...
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9 para. 19.
1965.
S. 6(1)(b) rep. in pt.
46, s. 116( 1), sch .
( prosp. ).
9 para. 20( a) .
S. 6( 1 )(e) added ( prosp.)
46, s. 116(1), sch.
9 para. 20( a).
S. 6( 2) am. ( prosp. )
46, s. 116(1 ), sch .
Sch . I Pt . I, schs. 2, 3 rep.
9 para. 20(b).
46, s. 116( 4), sch .
( as to Friendly Societies
11.
Act 1896) (prosp. )
Sch. 3 rep. in pt. , sch. 4
rep.
c. 36 .. Gas Act 1965...
S. 4( 5) rep. ( prosp. )
S. 28(1) definition of
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S.I. No. 595 ."local authority" am.
cl Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1965 -cont.
c. 38... Overseas Development
and Service Act 1965.
c . 39... c . 43... c.47 ... c .49... c. 51... Criminal Procedure
( Scotland ) Act 1965.
Statutory Orders (Special)
Procedure) Act 1965. Merchant Shipping Act 1965.
Registration of Births,
Deaths and Marriages
( Scotland) Act 1965.
National Insurance Act
1965.
S. 2 Transfer of functions 21, s. 3( 3), sch. 1
S. 3(3), sch. rep....
S. 1( 4 ) rep.... ...
Ss. 1( 3) rep. , ( 4) rep. in
pt. , 2( 4) , sch. rep.
S. 7( 2) rep. , sch. 1 rep. in
pt. , sch. 2 rep.
S. 7( 6 ) rep. in pt....
S. 58( 2), sch. 2 гер....
Whole Act rep. by 1975,
с . 18.
Power to am....
S. 4(1) am.
S. 10( 1 )(a)(iii ) am....
S. 30 (7) am....
S. 43A(2) am.... ...
S. 58 am.
S. 64 (as subst. by 1973,
c. 38, sch. 21 Pts . I and
II ) am.
Ss. 65( 1 ), 66(1 )(2) , 68 (1 )
(2)(5), 69(1 ) am.
S. 70A ( as added by 1973,
c. 38, sch. 21 Pt. I para.
7 ) am.
S. 71 (as am. by 1973, c.
38, sch. 21 Pt. I para. 8)
am.
S. 71 ( 1 )(a) геp. in pt....
S. 72 (as am. by 1973,
c. 38, sch. 21 Pt. I
para. 9) am.
S. 73(1) subst.... ...
S. 73(2) rep. in pt.
am.... ...
S. 75(1 ) subst. , (2) am.
S. 75(2)(a) геp. in pt.
S. 75(2) (b) am.... ...
S. 75 ( 2) (f) ( as added by
1973, c. 38, sch . 21
Pt. II) am.
S. 75( 2A) added...
...
S. 76( 1) am.
...
Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
22, S.L. (Re
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 812.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
14, s. 6 (1 ) .
14, s. 2 (2).
14, s. 2( 3).
14, s. 4(1).
14 , s. 4.
58, s. 5( 1) .
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ) , sch . 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 6( 3), sch. 2
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. I
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch . I
Pt. I, sch . 2 Pt.
I.
58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
58, s . 5( 6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
Effect ofLegislation cli
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965:
c.51 -cont. National Insurance Act S. 76 (1) rep. in pt.
1965 -cont .
c . 52
... National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries)Act
1965.
...
58, s. 5(6 ), sch . 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 77( 6 ) rep. ...
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt . I sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 81(4)(b) am.... ...
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 1( a ).
S. 81( 6 ) subst.... ..
14, s. 6(5) sch. 4
rep. in pt...
para. 1( b ) .
58, ss. 5(6), 6(3),
sch. 1 Pt. I ,
sch. 2 Pt. I.
Sch. 1 subst.... ...
14, s. 2(1) , sch. 2.
Sch . 3 subst....
14, s. 1(1) , sch. 1 .
Whole Act rep. by 1975
c. 18.
Power to am.... ...
14 , s. 6( 1).
S. 5( 4) am. ... ...
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt . I
S. 12 ( 4) rep. ... ...
14, ss . 6(5) , 8( 5),
sch. 4 para. 2,
sch . 6.
S. 17(1 ) rep. in pt.
14, ss. 6(5), 8(5),
sch. 4 para. 3
sch. 6.
S. 17(2) am. , (3), (4) re-
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
printed as am.
Pt . I.
S. 18(2 ) rep . in pt.
14, ss. 6(5) , 8 (5 ),
sch. 4 para. 4,
sch. 6.
S. 18(3A ) am.
14 , s. 4 (1).
Ss. 21 ( 4), 24(3) am.
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 25( 1 )(b) , (c) гер.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
Ss. 27, 28(1 ), 30 rep.
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 30A rep.
14, ss. 6(5) , 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 5,
sch . 6.
S. 31(1) rep. ... ...
58 , s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. 1 , sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 31 (2)(a) am.... ...
58, s . 5( 6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 31 (2) (b) rep. in pt.
...
58, s. 5( 6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 31 (3) rep....
58, s. 5(6 ), sch . 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt . I.
Ss. 32(1 ) , 33(2), 34(1), ( 2) 58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
rep.
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 34(3)(6 ) am.... ...
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 35(1 ), (3), ( 4) гер.
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
sch. 2 Pt. I.
clii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965
c. 52 -cont.
National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act
1965 -cont.
S. 42(1 )(b) subst.
... 58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt . I.
S. 48 rep. in pt .
58, s . 5(6) , sch . 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 48(5 )(b) am.
58, s. 5(6) , sch . 1
Pt. I.
S. 50( 1 ) rep . ..
58 , s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 50(2 ) am...
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 50(2)(a) rep. in pt. , 58 , s . 5(6) , sch. 1
(e), (g), (h) rep.
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 50( 1 )(i) am.
...
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 50(3 ) - (6) am.
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 50(7) rep.
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 54 rep.
58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I , sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 57 replaced
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 58 ( 1 )(d) rep.
..
14, ss . 6(5) , 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 6
( a ), sch. 6.
S. 58( 2 ) subst.
14, s . 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 6(b).
S. 62(2)(3) replaced
14, s . 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 7.
S. 64 rep.
58, s . 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 66 subst .... ...
14, s . 6( 5), sch. 4
рага. 8.
Ss. 68, 70 rep.
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. 1, sch. 2
Pt . I.
S. 71 ( 1 ) rep. in pt .
14, ss. 6(5 ), 8 (5),
sch. 4.
S. 73 rep.
14, ss . 6(5) , 8(5),
sch. 4 para. 10,
sch. 6.
S. 74 am.
proviso am.
58, s. 5( 4) .
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 76 rep.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 77 rep.
14, ss. 6( 5 ), 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 10,
sch. 6.
Ss. 79(1 ) , 82(1 ) am.
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation cliii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965
c. 52 -cont.
National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act
1965 -cont.
Ss. 83, 84(2)(c) rep. , 84(2)
( d ) rep. in pt. , 85(2)( 4)
rep. , (5) rep . in pt . , (6 )
гер.
S. 86(1) definitions of
"claimant" am.
"day " rep.
"earnings" am.
S. 86(8) added...
Sch. 1 Pt. I rep ....
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
c. 53
c. 55
...
c. 56...
c. 57...
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, ss . 6(5), 8(5),
sch. 4 para. 11,
sch. 6.
Sch . 2 Pt. I am.
14 , s. 3( 3).
Sch . 3 subst.
14, s. 3( 1), sch. 3 .
Sch. 6 para. 4 rep. in pt. 14, ss . 6(5) , 8 (5) ,
sch. 4 para. 12,
sch. 6.
Sch. 7 rep .
...
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
Family Allowances Act
1965.
Statute Law Revision
(Consequential
peals) Act 1965.
Compulsory
Purchase S. 4 am.
Act 1965.
Power to am.
14, s. 6( 1).
S. 1( 1), sch. rep. Re-
22,
S.L. (Re-
peals).
44, s. 116.
S. 5 restr.
S. 22 mod.
Ss . 24(5) , 29(2) rep.
S. 30 appl .
Ss . 30( 1 ) ( 2) rep. , (3 ) rep .
in pt. , (4) rep. , 33 (2)( b)
rep. in pt. (saving),
( 3)(a) rep . (saving), (b)
rep. in pt. (saving) , (c)
( d) , (4) , 34(2) - ( 5) rep .
( saving ).
S. 35 rep. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 1 para. 6( 5 ), sch. 2
para. 1 ( 2) rep. , (3 ) гер .
inpt.
Sch. 2 para. 2(2) saved
Sch. 6 rep . in pt.
Nuclear Installations Act Ss. 1 (1) mod. (3 ) rep . ,
1965. 3( 2)(3) mod. , (5) am. ,
( 6 ) mod . , 4 mod. , 4( 6)
rep. and am. , 5 mod. ,
5( 4 ) rep. and am. , ( 5) ,
6( 1) гер.
S. 12 saved
Ss. 22( 2) mod. and rep. ,
( 3)( 4) - (6) reр. , 24 ге-
placed, 25(1 ) am. , (2)
rep. in pt. , (3) am. ,
26 ( 1) am.
44, s. 114, sch. 10
para. 3 (5)( a) .
44, s. 115( 6 ).
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
44, s. 115 (5).
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
44 , s. 130, sch. 15.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
44, s. 115( 7 ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
S.I. No. 2056.
37, s . 47(1)(c).
S.I. No. 2056.
cliv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965
c. 57 -cont. Nuclear Installations Act S. 29(1 ) rep .
... ...
22, S.L. (Re-
1965 -cont.
peals ).
Sch. 1 para. (cc ) added, S.I. No. 2056.
c. 59... New Towns Act 1965 sch. 2 rep.
Ss. 4(1 ) , 37(1 ) am.
8, s. 4(2), sch. 3
para. 1.
S. 42A added ... ..
8, s. 4(2), sch. 3
рага. 2.
S. 43 ext . (S. ) ....
8, s. 4(2), sch. 3
para. 6.
S. 43( b ) rep . in pt. ( d ) 8, s. 4( 2 ), sch. 3
added.
рага. 3.
S. 44A added... ...
8, s . 4(2) , sch. 3
para. 4.
S. 56(3), sch. 12 rep....
22 , S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
c. 62...
Redundancy Payments Power to mod.
...
52, s. 1 (2), sch. 1
Act 1965.
para. 29( 2).
S. 9(2)(b) excl ....
52, s. 1 (2), sch. 1
para. 23.
S. 21 (d ) added...
52, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 1
para. 29( 3) .
S. 24 Power to appl. 52, s. 1 (2 ), sch. 1
( mod. ).
para. 30( 3) .
Sch . 3 excl .
...
52 , s. 1(2), sch. 1
рага. 33( 4)( a).
c. 66 Hire Purchase Act 1965
Rep. ( prosp.)... ...
39, s. 192(3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
c. 67 Hire Purchase (Scotland)
Rep. ( prosp. )... ...
39, s . 192(3)(b),
Act 1965.
sch. 5 Pt. I.
c. 69 ... Criminal Procedure
Ss. 1 (4), 7(2 ) , 10(2) rep . ,
22, S.L. ( Re-
( Attendance of Wit-
( 3) rep. in pt. , sch. 2
peals ).
nesses) Act 1965 . Pt. II rep.
c. 71 Murder (Abolition of S. 3(2), sch. rep .
...
Death Penalty) Act
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals).
1965.
c. 75 Rent Act 1965 ... ...
S. 35(5), sch. 6 para. 10( 2)
rep. in pt. ( prosp . )
c. 81... Housing (Slum Clearance
S. 1( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
Compensation) Act S. 2( 2) am. ( prosp.)...
1965.
c. 82... Coal Industry Act 1965 S. 5( 3), sch. 2 rep.
44 , s. 130, sch.
15.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 11.
22, S.L.
( Re-
peals ).
ix, s . 4, sch.
c. iii... Barclays Bank D.C.O.
Act 1965 . Rep.... ...
c. xxviii Crude Oil Terminals
S. 20 period for com-
( Humber) Act 1965.
pletion of works ex-
tended (30.9.1985) .
c. xli
S. 40( 1A ) added...
London Transport Act S. 27 am.
..
1965.
c. xlii
Manchester Act 1965 Pt. VIII rep. ..
xii, s . 2.
xii, s . 3 .
xvii , s . 12.
S.I. No. 520.
C.A.M.:
No. 1 Prayer Book (Alternative Rep. ( prosp. )
and other Services)
Measure 1965 .
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
Effect ofLegislation clv
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1965 -cont.
C.A.M.:
No. 3
...
Prayer Book (Miscel- Rep. (prosp.)
laneous Provisions )
Measure 1965 .
G.S.M. No. 3 ,
s. 6, sch. 2.
1966:
c .4
...
c . 5
...
c . 6
...
Mines ( Working Facili-
ties and Support ) Act
1966.
Statute Law Revision Act
1966.
National Insurance Act
1966.
c . 9... Rating Act 1966...
S. 1 Table para. 1 subst. Sch. 1 rep.
36, s. 1 .
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Rep....
22, S.L. (Re-
Ss. 2( 4), 4(1 ) am.
peals) .
14, s. 1( 2 ).
Ss. 5( 4) , 6(3) , 8(1)(a ) rep. 58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 11(1) am.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 13.
Sch. 2 para. 4(6 ) am.
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
para. 5 rep.
58, s. 5(6 ), sch . 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 9 rep. (Ε.) ( prosp.)...
7, ss . 8(5), 42( 2),
sch. 1 para. 10,
sch. 8.
S. 12(a) rep. (E.) ( prosp. ) 7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
S. 1( 4 ) am.
S.I. No. 2087.
c . 10... Commonwealth Secre-
tariat Act 1966.
c. 13... Universities ( Scotland )
S. 14, sch. 7 rep .
22, S.L. (Re-
Act 1966.
peals ).
c . 17... Rep .
Transport Finances Act
22, S.L. ( Re-
1966.
peals ).
c. 18... Finance Act 1966
S. 29( 4)( 9), sch. 8 Pt. II 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
rep. ( prosp.).
11.
c . 19...
S. 11 (2), sch. rep.
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c . 20... Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1966.
Supplementary Benefit
Act 1966 (Ministry of
Social Security Act
1966 ) .
Power to am.
S. 16( 2) am. (Ε.)
S. 39( 3) rep.
Sch . 2 paras . 9, 10 subst. ,
12 , 13 am.
paras. 19 Power to
appl . (mod.) (Ε. )
20, 24 Power to
appl. (E. ) .
para. 24(2) (c), (3)
( b ) subst.
para. 25 Power to
appl. (E.) .
Sch . 6 para. 12 rep.
...
Sch. 8 rep .
14, s. 6( 1).
7, s. 14 ( 4).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S.I. No. 854.
4, s. 11(6 ) .
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 14.
4, s. 11 (6 ).
c . 21
Overseas Aid Act 1966 ... Transfer of functions
..
S. 6(1 ) rep.
4, s. 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
21 , s. 3(3), sch. 1
Pt. I.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
clvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966 -cont.
c. 28
c. 30
с . 31
c. 32
с. 34
c . 35
c . 38
c. 39
с. 42
Docks and Harbours Act Sch. 1 am.
S.I. No. 595 .
1966.
... Criminal
Reserve Forces Act 1966 S. 23( 7) , sch. 2 rep .
Appeal Act S. 10 (2), sch . 3 rep .
1966.
Selective... Employment S. 1 am.
Payments Act 1966.
S. 1(1 ) replaced
Industrial Development
Act 1966.
Family Provision Act
1966.
Sea Fisheries Regulation
Act 1966.
..
Land Registration Act
1966.
Local Government Act
1966.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
30, s. 53( 2).
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 1.
S. 1 (2)(b) am.
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 2.
S. 3 am.
30, s . 53( 2).
S. 3( 2 ) am.
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 3.
S. 3( 5) added
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 4.
S. 7 am.
30, s . 53( 2) .
S. 7(1) rep. in pt.
30, s. 57, sch . 14
Pt. V.
S. 7(1)(b) am.
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 5.
S. 10(1 ) am. and rep. in 30, s. 53, sch. 13
pt.
para. 6, sch. 14
Pt. V.
S. 31 ( 4), sch. 3 Pts. II
22, S.L. (Re-
rep. in pt. , IV rep.
peals ).
S. 10 (2) rep. in pt. , sch. 2
22, S.L. (Re-
rep.
peals ).
S. 5( 1)(c) rep. ( prosp. )
..
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 21(1 ), sch. rep .
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Ss. 1(1) , 2(3), sch. rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
Ss. 1-5 rep. ( prosp. )
7, ss. 1(8), 42(2),
sch. 1 Pt. I,
sch. 8.
Ss. 8, 10 rep. ( prosp. )
7, ss. 8( 5), 42(2),
sch. 1 para. 10,
sch. 8 .
S. 27( 2) rep. in pt. 7, s. 42(2) , sch. 8.
( 1.4.1975 ).
saved
7 , s. 40 ( 4) .
S. 27( 3)( 4) am. (1.4.1975 )
7, s. 42(1), sch. 7
para. 2.
Ss . 35( 1 ) , 43(2) rep.
22 , S.L.
(Re-
peals).
Sch. 1 rep. ( prosp. )
7, ss. 1 (8), 42(2) ,
sch. 1 Pt. I ,
sch. 8.
Sch . 3 Pt. I rep .
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 3 Pt. II rep. in pt.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
Sch. 3 Pt. II am....
3, s. 46(1) , sch. 3
para. 3.
rep. (as to
39, s. 192(3)(b) ,
s. 37 of the Pawn-
sch. 5 Pt. I.brokers Act 1872, s. 1
( 1 ) of the Money-
Lender Act 1927 )
( prosp. ).
Effect ofLegislation clvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1966:
c. 42 -cont.
с . 44
с. 45...
с . 49 Local Government Act Sch. 6 rep.
1966 -cont.
New Towns Act 1966 S. 3 rep.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22 , S.L. (Re-
peals).
Armed Forces Act 1966 Ss. 11 rep. , 19 rep. in pt. ,
22, S.L. (Re-
20( 4)(b), 34, 37(2) , sch.
peals ).
2 rep. , sch . 3 para. 2,
sch. 4 rep. in pt . , sch. 5
rep.
Housing (Scotland ) Act S. 2 appl. (mod.)
1966. S. 6(1) am.
45, s. 49 (1).
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 4 .
S. 17 saved
S. 19(6 ) am.
45, s. 14 ( 3) .
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 5.
S. 21 am.
45 , s. 50 (1), sch.
3 para. 6.
S. 23(4) am.
45, s. 50(1), sch. 3
para. 7.
S. 25(1) am.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 8.
S. 80 revived
45, s. 25(1 ) .
as revived, am.
45, s. 25( 2).
S. 87 revived (for pur- 45, s . 25(1 ).
poses of s. 80) .
S. 135( 1) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
paras. 10(5) (a),
12 .
S. 135(2)(a), (b) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
paras . 10( 5)(b) ,
12 .
S. 135(2A) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
paras. 10(5)(c),
12 .
Pt. VII (ss . 137-159) ext .
S. 137 am.
45, s. 27(3).
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 9.
S. 140(2) am . ( prosp. )
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 27 .
S. 143(1 ) am.
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 10 .
rep. inpt.
45, s . 50(1), (3) ,
sch. 3para. 10 ,
sch. 5.
S. 144 ext .
45, s. 31 .
S. 152(2)(a)(c) restr .
44, s. 17(1)(b).
Ss. 153-155, 159 rep. 44, s. 130, sch. 13
( prosp. )
para. 13, sch.
15 .
S. 160(1) (4) am.
45, s. 50(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 11 .
S. 165 appl. (mod.)
45, s . 49(1).
S. 175(2) appl .
44, s. 3(5) .
am. ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
S. 175(3) am. para. 14.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 14.
Ss. 177-179 appl. (mod. ) 45, s. 49(1) .
clx Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967 -cont.
c. 13 Parliamentary Com-
missioner Act 1967. S. 5 ext. (E. )
S. 11( 2) saved (E.)
Sch. 2 rep. in pt.
am.
am.
am.
..
c. 17... Iron and Steel Act 1967 S. 19(2) am.
c. 20 Housing ( Financial S. 18(1) am.
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1967.
c. 22...
Agriculture Act 1967
7, s. 33(1).
7, ss. 29(5), 33 (5) .
S.I. Nos. 691 ,
692.
S.I. No. 692.
S.I. No. 1264.
37, s . 83(1 ), sch. 9
para. 3.
8, s. 4(1 )(3 ) , sch.
2рага. 8.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 15.
S. 9(11) functions of
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Prices and
Consumer Protection.
S. 1 (2)( 4) am.... ..
Whole Act rep. by 1975
с. 25.
S.I. No. 692.
c. 24...
Slaughter of Poultry Act
1967.
c. 25... National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries )
( Amdt. ) Act 1967.
c. 28
Superannuation ( Mis- S. 15(1)(a) am.
cellaneous Provisions)
Act 1967.
c. 29
Housing Subsidies Act
1967.
3, s. 46(1), sch. 3
рага. 4.
S.I. No. 520.
S. 14 rep. ( prosp. ) 44, s. 130, sch.
15 .
S. 24(1 ) (d) added ( prosp.) 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 1 (1 ).
S. 24(3)(c) am. ( prosp.).. 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 1( 2 ).
S. 24(3 )(d) added ( prosp.) 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 1( 2 ).
S. 24(3) (viii) - (xi ) added 44, s. 119, sch. 11
( prosp. ) para. 1( 3).
S. 24(3A) (3E) added 44, s. 119, sch. 11
( prosp. ) para. 1( 4).
S. 24( 4) am. ( prosp.)... 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 1( 5).
S. 24(5A) added ( prosp. )
Ss. 24A, 24B added
( prosp. )
S. 26(2)(b) am. ( prosp. )...
44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 1( 6 ).
44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 2.
44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 3(1).
S. 26(4A) added
44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 3( 2 ) .
S. 27(1) rep . in pt. ( prosp. ) 44, ss. 119, 30,
sch. 11 para. 4,
sch. 15.
S. 27(1 ) ( f) added
44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 4.
S. 28( 1 ) (a) am. 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 5(1).
S. 28(1A) added 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 5( 2).
S. 28A added ( prosp. ) 44, s. 119, sch. 11
para. 6.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject Effect of Legislation clxi
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 29 -cont.
Housing Subsidies Act S. 32( 1) definition of
1967 -cont.
"prescribed"
added
( prosp. ).
S. 32(1) am.
...
44, s. 119, sch. 11
рага. 7.
c . 33
c. 34
... Air Corporations Act
1967 . ... Industrial Injuries and
Diseases ( Old Cases)
Act 1967.
Sch. 2 rep. ( prosp.)
...
Ss. 7( 2) am. , 10( 1) rep. in
pt. , (1)(c ) am.
Whole Act rep. by 1975
c. 18.
Power to am.
...
S. 2 (6 )(c) am.
S. 4( 4)(c) subst....
S. 7( 2 )(b) am.
..
S. 9 ( 3) added ( 6.4.1975) ...
49, s . 88(1) , sch.
1.
44, s. 130, sch.
15 .
8 , s. 4(1)(3) , sch.
2 para. 6.
am.
...
S. 13( 1 )(a) , (b) rep.
...
S. 14(1) definition of
"prescribed" am. (6.4 .
1975) .
Rep. ( prosp. )...
14 , s. 6( 1).
14, s. 3( 2 ).
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, s. 3( 2).
14, s . 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 15.
58, s . 5( 6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
рага. 16.
c. 42
...
Advertisements ( Hire-
39, s . 192(3)( b),
Purchase) Act 1967.
sch . 5 Pt. I.
с. 54
...
Finance Act 1967
S. 26 am....
30, s . 53(2) .
S. 26(1 )(a) - (d) ( 2) ( 4 ) 30, s. 57, sch. 14
( 4 ) ( a )rep . inpt.
Pt. V.
S. 26(2 ) am.
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 7.
S. 26(4)(c) (d) added
30, s. 53, sch. 13
para. 8.
S. 29 am...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 7.
c. 56 Matrimonial Causes Act S. 4( 2) am. (prosp. )
47, s. 89(1 ), sch. 3
1967.
S. 9 am.
para. 8.
..
4, s. 41 , sch. 4
para. 2.
c. 58
Criminal Law Act 1967 ...
S. 2 saved
..
56, s . 7(5).
c. 68...
Fugitive Offenders Act
Ss. 6(1), 7(1) am.
S.I. No. 2087.
1967.
c. 69... Civic Amenities Act 1967 S. 18(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
S. 23(3) subst. ( prosp. )...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 25(1 ) .
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 25(2).
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
с. 73
...
c. 76
...
National Insurance Act
1967.
Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967.
S. 23(6 )(a) rep . ( prosp . )
Whole Act rep. by 1975
c. 18.
Am.
S. 1 ext.
S. 1( 3) am.
S. 1(8) am.
...
S. 6(3)(e ) added
S. 6 ext .
xxiv, s . 12(8).
50, s . 7(1).
50, s. 24(2), sch. 6
para. 4
50, s . 21 (1), sch. 5
Pt. II.
50, s. 24(2), sch. 6
para. 5.
50, s. 7(1).
2M
clxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 76 -cont.
Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967-cont. S. 6(9) am.
S. 8 rep.
50, s. 21(1 ), sch.
5 Pt. II.
xxiv, s. 13( 3) sch.
2 Pt. I.
S. 9 am.... ...
xxiv, s. 13(1 )(a)
- (c ).
S. 9(1) am....
50 , s. 24( 2), sch. 6
S. 9(3A ) added...
S. 9( 9) am.
рага. 6(1) .
xxiv , s. 13(1)( b).
50, s. 21( 1), sch . 5
Pt. II.
S. 9(10) гер.
...
50, s . 24( 2)(3),
sch. 6 parга.
6 ( 2 ), sch. 7.
S. 11( 4) am.
50, s. 21(1), sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 12(5A) added ...
xxiv, s . 13(1 )(d) .
S. 12( 6 ) am. ( Ε. )
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 20(1).
Ss . 13( 4)(a)(b) replaced,
50, s. 21(1), sch. 5
14 ( 2 ) , 16 ( 5) , 17 ( 5 ) , 19
Pt. II.
( 3 ), 23(5) am.
Ss. 24, 25 am.
...
50 , s. 24( 2), sch. 6
para. 7.
Ss. 25(2), 26(6) am.
...
50, s. 21 (1), sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 29(1) rep. in pt. ( E )
...
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 20
( 2 ), sch. 8.
S. 29(2) rep . ( Е.)
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
S. 31(2) rep. in pt. ( E )
...
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 20
( 3 ), sch. 8.
S. 31(3) rep. in pt.
...
50, ss. 21 (1), 24
( 3), sch. 5 Pt.
II. sch. 7.
S. 31 (3)(5) am.
...
50 , s. 21 (1), sch. 5
Pt. II .
S. 35(1) am.
..
S. 37(5) am. ( E)
xxiv, s.12( 2)(8)(b) .
...
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 20( 4 )
rep. in pt. ( E.)
...
7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
sch. 6 para. 20
( 4 ) , sch. 8.
S. 41(1) am.
...
xxiv, s . 9( 13 ) sch .
1 para. 1.
S. 42 (1) am.
...
50, s . 21 (1) , sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 42( 4) rep. in pt.
50 , ss. 21(1 ), 24
( 3), sch. 5 Pt.
II, sch. 7.
S. 43(2)(3) am....
50, s. 21(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 44(2) proviso, (3)(c ) 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
rep. in pt. (Ε. ). sch. 6 para. 20
( 5 ), sch. 8.
S. 46(2 ) rep. in pt....
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 20
S. 52 mod.
( 6 ), sch. 8.
50, s. 19.
Effect ofLegislation clxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 76 -cont.
Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967-cont. S. 68(1) am.... xxiv, s . 9(13) sch.
1 para. 2.
S. 69(1A ) am.... ..
xxiv, s . 12( 4) .
S. 72(6)(a) rep. in pt. 7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
( 1.4.1975 ).
S. 78A( 1) am.... ... 50, s. 21 (1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 80( 1 )(d) (ii ) am.
...
50, s . 24(2), sch. 6
para. 8.
S. 80(2) saved ( prosp.)
S. 80(8) am.
...
50, s. 1(19).
50, s. 21 (1 ), sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 80( 10) rep . ( prosp.)
...
50, ss. 4(5), 24(3),
sch. 7.
50, s . 7(1 ).
Ss. 82, 84(1 ), 84A ext .
( prosp.).
S. 84(3) am.
S. 84( 4) am.
S. 84B(8)(a) rep. in pt.
( 1.4.1975 ).
Ss. 84C, 84D, 84E, ext.
( prosp .).
S. 84C (3)(c ) am.
S. 84E(1) am.
...
....
S. 85(1 ) rep. in part
...
am.
S. 86(2)(b) am.
...
...
Ss. 86(3) , 87 am.
...
S. 92 am.
S. 96 ( 2) am....
c. 77
...
c. 80
...
Police (Scotland ) Act
1967.
Criminal Justice Act 1967
S. 19(7 ) am.
...
S. 13 rер.
Pt. IV (ss. 73-84) rep. ,
100( 2) rep. in pt. , 101
( b ) rep.
Sch. 3 Pt. I rep. in pt....
xxiv, s . 9(13) sch.
1 para. 3.
xxiv, s . 12(1 ).
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
50, s . 7(1) .
xxiv s. 13( 2) .
xxiv, s. 9( 13) sch.
1 para. 4.
50, s. 24( 2 )(3),
sch. 6 para. 9,
sch. 7.
xxiv, s . 13 ( 1 ), (e) .
50, s . 21 ( 3), sch. 5
Pt. IV para. 3.
50, s . 21 (1), sch. 5
Pt. II.
50, s. 22(a).
50, s. 21 (1 ), sch. 5
Pt. II.
S.I. No. 812.
23, s. 22( 4) , sch.
3.
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
Sch . 6 para. 7 гер.
c. 81... Companies Act 1967... S. 16( 1)(g) added
S. 16(5) - (7) added
S. 37(1 ) am.
50, s. 24(3), sch.
7.
rep. inpt.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40 ,s . 108 ,
rep . in pt . 27, s. 2( 2), sch.
( prosp. ) .
rep. inpt.
3, s. 47( 2), sch. 6.
rep. in pt.
...
...
46, s. 116(4), sch.
11.
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
37, s. 79( 2).
37, s. 79( 3).
49, s. 41( 1 ).
clxiv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1967:
c. 81 -cont.
Companies Act 1967
-cont.
Pt. II (ss. 58-108) rep .
( except ss. 60(3), 86,
49, s. 88( 2), sch .
2 .
87, 89-91 , 96, 97, 99,
102( 2) (definition of
"director ") , (3)( 4), 107,
108 ).
Repeal of ss. 82, 83
postponed. 49, s. 89(7).
Ss. 89(1 ) am. , 97, 99 rep.
49, s . 88(1) , sch.
in pt. , 110 (1), 111 (1 )
1 .
am.
S. 111 (1)( a) rep. in pt.
c. 84...
c. 88
...
C. V
c. xviii
Ss. 113(1), 116 am....
Ss. 123-125 rep. ( prosp.)
S. 130( 3) , sch. 5, sch. 6
Pt. I, sch . 8 Pt. VI rep .
Sea Fish (Conservation)
Act 1967.
Ss. 6, 8 functions of
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Trade.
Leasehold Reform Act S. 1 am.
1967.
S. 1 (5)(6 ) added
S. 1( 4A ) added
...
S. 3 appl .
S. 9(1A)( 1B) added
S. 19 mod.
..
Pt. XXXIV rep....
Rep.
c. xxxi ...
c. xxxiii ...
C. XXXV ...
c . xl
Edinburgh Act 1967
...
...
St. Andrews Links Act
1967.
Brit. Transport Docks
S. 8 am.
Act 1967 .
Kingston- upon- Hull S. 66 rep.
Act 1967.
Somerset Act 1967
S. 31 rep.
Manchester Act 1967
... Pt. VII rep.
...
1968:
c. 3
c. 13
c . 14...
... Ext....
Capital Allowances Act
1968.
... National Loans Act 1968 Sch. 1 rep. ( as to s. 9( 1)
( 3)( 5) of the Housing
Act 1964).
Public Expenditure and Sch. 3 para. 1 (b) am.
Receipts Act 1968 . ( prosp. ).
гер. in pt.
( prosp . )
c.16 New Towns (Scotland) S. 4(1 ) am.
Act 1968.
...
S. 37A added...
S. 38A added
49, s . 88( 2), sch.
2 .
49, s. 88(1), sch.
1 .
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
49, s. 88( 2), sch.
2 .
S.I. No. 692.
44, s. 118(1)(5) .
44, s. 118(1)(5) .
44, s. 118( 3)( 5).
44, s. 104( 3).
44, s. 118( 4)( 5) .
44, s. 118(2)(5) .
S.I. No. 812.
iii, s. 30.
xxii , s . 7.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No 520
30, s . 23(2)(b) .
44, s. 130, sch .
15 .
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9para. 21 .
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9 para 21, sch.
11 .
8, s. 4( 2), sch. 3
para. 5.
8, s. 4(2), sch . 3
para. 6.
8, s. 4(2), sch. 3
para. 7.
Effect ofLegislation clxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968 -cont.
c . 19... Criminal Appeal Act S. 31 ( 2A ) added
1968.
S. 44(2) added
...
c. 23... Rent Act 1968... S. 1(1)(d ) added ...
S. 2(1)(b) am.
S. 2(1 )(bb), (bbb ) added ...
S. 2(3) rep. in pt.
S. 2(4) added
...
S. 5( 5) restr.
S. 5( 6 ) (ccc) added
S. 5A added
.. ...
S. 7(1) excl .
S. 7( 2) ext .
S. 12 ext .
..
S. 18( 2) mod.
S. 20 mod.
S. 20(2) excl .
S. 22( 3) restr.
S. 39 saved
S. 44( 3) am.
excl.
S. 44(3A )
S. 45(1)(b) excl .
S. 46 restr.
S. 46(1 ) am.
S. 46( 3) mod.
S. 46(3) (c) added
S. 48(1) am.
S. 48( 1A ) added
S. 48A saved.
S. 57(1 ) (a) am.
S. 57(2) am.
S. 71 (1) replaced
S. 73(1 )(b) am.
S. 73( 3) rep.
..
50, s . 24( 2), sch. 6
para. 10.
50, s . 24(2), sch. 6
para. 11 .
51, s. 2 ( 3).
51, s . 1( 4)( a ) .
51, s. 2(1) .
51, s. 16( 2), sch. 4
Pt. I.
51, s . 2( 2) .
44, s. 18( 1).
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 16.
51, s. 2( 3), sch. 2
para. 1.
51, s. 1(3).
44, s. 18( 2).
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para 5.
51 , s. 13.
44 , s. 18, sch . 3
Pt. II para. 7( 2 )
44 , s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 8
( 5 )( a).
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 8
( 5)(b).
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 7
( 2 ).
51, ss . 1 (4 )(c), 4
(1), sch. 1 para.
8.
51, s . 5( 2 ).
51, s. 4(1).
51, s . 5( 3) .
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 6
( b ).
51, s. 1 ( 4)(c) , sch.
1 para. 9.
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 11 .
51, s. 1 (4)(c) , sch.
1 рага. 9.
51, s. 4(2).
51, s. 4( 2) .
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 6
( 3 ).
44, s. 180, sch. 13
para. 17(1 ) .
44, s. 180, sch. 13
para. 17(2).
51, s. 6.
51 , s . 7(1) .
51 , ss . 7(1 )(a) ,
16 ( 2 ) , sch. 4
Pt. I.
clxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 23-cont. Rent Act 1968 -cont.
S. 73(5) subst .
S. 74(2A) added
S. 75(1) am. rep. in pt.
...
51, s . 7(2).
51, s . 7( 3).
...
51, s. 7( 4).
...
51, ss. 7(4), 16( 2),
sch. 14 Pt. I.
S. 75(2) rep.
... ...
51 , ss . 7(1 )(b), 16
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt. I.
S. 76( 1A) added
S. 78(1 )(c) rep....
51, s. 7( 5 ) .
51, ss . 8(1), 16( 2),
sch . 4 Pt. I.
S. 80(2)(d) added
S. 80A added
S. 84(1 ) definition of
"rental period " added
Ss . 93-95 mod.
... 51, s. 8( 2 ).
51, s. 14 ( 1).
51 , s. 7( 6 ) .
51, s . 1 ( 4)(c), sch.
1 para. 10.
S. 101(c ) am.
... ...
51, s. 2( 4), sch. 2
para. 3.
S. 102A added
...
51, s. 2( 4), sch. 2
para. 4.
S. 103(1 ) (b) am.
S. 105(1 )(e) added
51, s. 1 ( 4)(c), sch.
1 para. 11.
...
51, s. 1 ( 4 )(c ), sch.
1 para. 12.
S. 106 ( 1) am.
...
51, s. 1( 4)(c), sch.
1 para. 13.
S. 106(3) am....
S. 107(1)(a)(iii) am.
51, s. 14 ( 2) .
51, s. 1 ( 4)(c), sch.
1 para . 14 .
S. 113(1 ) ext ...
51 , s. 15( 2 ).
S. 115(1 ) am. ,
( 2)() 51, s. 17( 4 ).
added
Sch. 1 ext .
...
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Sch. 2 excl .
Sch. 3 Pt . I Case 3Aadded
Pt. II pa
para. 5.
51, s. 1 ( 3).
51, s. 1( 4)(b ), sch.
Case 5 mod.
1para. 1.
51, s . 1 ( 4)( b), sch.
1para. 2.
Case 8 mod.
51, s . 1 (4)(b) , sch.
1 para. 3.
Case 9 am....
51 , s . 1 ( 4)(b) , sch.
1рага. 4(1).
Case 9 rep. in 51, ss. 1(4)(b),
pt.
Pt. II Case 10 mod.
sch. 1 para. 4
( 1 ), sch. 4Pt. I.
51, s. 1 (4)(b), sch.
1 para. 5.
51, s. 3( 3).
Case 10 pro-
viso added
Cases 10A-
10C added
Pt. III para. 2 am.
Pt. IV para. 3(1)
am.
Sch. 6 mod.... ...
51 , s . 3(1).
para. 10(1 )(2) am.
51 , s . 1 ( 4)(b), sch.
1 рага. 6.
51, s. 1( 4)(b), sch.
1 para. 7.
44 , s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 9.
51, s. 1 ( 4)(c ), sch.
1 рага. 15.
Effect ofLegislation clxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 23 -cont. Rent Act 1968 -cont.
c. 27
c. 29
Sch. 15 rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
... Firearms Act 1968...
S. 10(1) am....
Trade Descriptions Act Ss. 23, 24(1)( 2) ext .
1968.
c. 31
..
Housing (Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland) Act
1968.
Sch. 7 para. 1( b ) rep. in 51 , ss. 1 ( 4)(c), 16
pt.
( 2 ), sch. 1 para.
16, sch. 4 Pt. I.
para. 1 (d) added
51 , s . 1 (4)(c) , sch.
1 para. 16.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
3, s. 46(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 5.
24, s. 7, sch. para.
5( 3).
S. 26(2)(3 ) appl. ( prosp.)
40, s. 75(5).
Ss. 27, 28 appl . ( prosp. )
40, s. 75( 6 ).
S. 28(5A ) added ( prosp. )
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 28.
Ss. 29, 30 appl. ( prosp.)
40, s. 75(6 ).
S. 31( 2) - (4) appl . ( prosp.)
40, s. 75(7)(b) .
S. 33 appl. ( prosp. )
40, s . 75(6) .
S.40(1)(b)(c) appl. (mod. )
40, s . 75(8) .
S. 13(1A ) am., ( 3) subst. ,
45, s. 50(1), sch. 3
( 6 ) added.
para. 17.
S. 14 saved
44 , s. 35( 6 )( b ) .
S. 14(1), ( 3) am. , ( 3A ) 45, s. 50 ( 1), sch. 3
added, (4)(5) am.
para. 18.
Ss. 16, 17 saved...
44, s. 35(6 )( a).
excl .
44, s . 35(6)(b).
rep. ( saving )
44, s. 130, sch. 13
( prosp. ).
para. 18( 1 ),
sch. 14, para.
6, sch. 15.
S. 18 saved
44, s. 35( 6)(c).
S. 18(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ) 44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 18( 2 ),
sch. 15.
S. 18( 2 ) subst.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
S. 21 excl .
para. 19.
44 , s. 35.
saved
44, s. 35( 4)(b).
S. 23 am. ( prosp. )
44 , s. 34.
Ss. 27-43 rep .
..
45, s. 50( 3), sch.
5.
S. 49(1 ) (e), ( 2A ) added, 45, s . 45( 2) - ( 4).
( 3 )(c ) am.
S. 49(3)(c) appl.
...
S. 49(5) added
S. 53( 1 ) rep . in pt.
am.
S. 53( 2) rep .
...
S. 53(3) - (5) am.
rep. in pt.
Ss. 54, 56 гер .
...
S. 58(3) (a) am.
...
45, s. 24 ( 8).
45, s. 45(5) .
45, s. 50(1 ) , (3),
sch. 3 para. 20
( a), sch. 5.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 20.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals) .
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 20.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
45, s. 50(3), sch.
5 .
45, s . 50(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 21 .
clxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 31 -cont. Housing (Financial Pro- S. 64 (b) rep. in pt.
visions) (Scotland) Act
1968 -cont.
...
S. 64(c) subst . , ( d ) added
45, s . 50(1)(3),
sch. 3 para. 22
( a ), sch. 5.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 22(b)(c) .
S. 67(2) definitions of-
"financial year" am....
"Highlands Islands " rep . and
Sch. 3 rep.
...
Sch. 5 am.
Sch. 6 am.
e. 39..
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 23.
45, s. 50(1)(3),
sch. 3 para. 23,
sch. 5.
45, s . 50(3), sch.
5.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 24.
45, s. 50 (1), sch. 3
para. 25.
8 , s . 4(1)( 3), sch .
2 рага. 2.
с.40...
Gas and Electricity Act Ss. 2( 1) rep. in pt . , (1)( 3)
1968.
am. , 3(1) rep . in pt. , (1)
( 2 ) am.
S. 5 am.
Whole Act rep. by 1975
c. 18.
S.I. No. 1264.
с . 41...
Family Allowances and
National Insurance Act
1968.
Countryside Act 1968...
S. 2( 9) rep. in pt.
S. 5 rep. and superseded
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
7, ss. 9( 4), 42(2) ,
sch. 8 .
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
S. 22(6 )(c) , ( 8) rep.
( prosp. ).
Ss . 33-35 rep . (prosp. )...
c . 43
с . 44
7, ss. 8( 5), 42( 2),
sch. 1 para. 10,
sch. 8.
S. 36(1), (8) rep. in pt. 7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
( prosp. ).
Appropriation Act 1968 Rep.
Finance Act 1968... S. 23(3) rep .... ...
Sch. 12 para. 3 appl.
31, s. 4, sch. ( c).
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
30, s. 38, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 18
( 6 )(b ) .
Services and
с . 46 Health Apptd. day for-
Public Health Act 1968
S. 38 (Ε. ) (1.4.1974 )
S.I. No. 286.
Ss. 26, 38 ( 18.3.1974)
S.I. No. 317.
Ss . 12(5), 13 ( 2) rep. in pt. 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 21 ,
sch . 8 .
с. 47
Sewerage (Scotland ) Act Ss. 2, 3, 4 appl. (in pt .) 40, s. 12(10)(b).
1968. ( prosp. ).
S. 12(8) am. ( prosp.)
40, s. 99, sch. 2
S. 14(6 ) am. ( prosp.)
para. 21.
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 22 .
S. 21 ext . (prosp. )
S. 24(2) am. ( prosp. )
40, s. 28( 3).
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 23.
S. 41 appl (in pt.) ( prosp. )
S. 45(2) am. (prosp.)
40, s . 12(10)(b).
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 24.
S. 46(2) am. ( prosp. )
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 25.
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
1968 -cont.
c .49
c . 55
...
...
c. 57
c. 59
c. 60
...
...
...
c . 62... c . 71 Effect ofLegislation clxix
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
Social Work (Scotland )
Act 1968.
Friendly and Industrial
and Provident Societies
Act 1968.
S. 42 ext.
S. 3(4 ) rep. in pt., (6) rep. ,
( 9 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) ...
S. 4( 2) rep. in pt. , ( 3) rep. ,
( 4)(7)(b) , (8)(a ) rep. in
pt. ( prosp. )
S. 7( 2)(a) rep. in pt.
( prosp. )
Ss. 9( 8) rep. , 11(1) rep. in
pt. , (a) rep. , ( 2)( 3) rep.
in pt. ( prosp .)
S. 10 ext. ( prosp. )
S. 11( 4) rep. , ( 5 ) rep. in
pt. , , ( 6 )- ( 8) 8) rep. ( prosp .)
S. 12 saved ( prosp. )...
Ss. 12(2)(b), ( 3) rep. in pt. ,
16 rep. (prosp.)
Ss. 17(1)(2) rep. in pt. , ( 4 )
rep. ( prosp. )
S. 17(2) am. ( prosp.)
Ss. 20(1 ), 21 (1) rep. in pt. ,
( 1)(a) rep. , (2) rep. in
pt. ( prosp.)
Ss . 21 (2)(a) , 23( 2) rep. in
pt., 23( 4)( b) rep.
( prosp. )
Sch. 1, paras. 1-8, sch. 2,
sch. 3 paras. 2(a) - (c) ,
5, 6 rep. (prosp.)
Overseas Aid Act 1968 ... Transfer of functions
...
Hovercraft Act 1968
S. 1 ( 1)(g) am. (prosp.)
Theft Act 1968
Clean Air Act 1968
S. 28( 1 ) appl.
Sch. 2 Pt. III rep. (as to
entry relating to Pawn-
brokers Act 1872)
( prosp. ) .
S. 1( 1) am. ( prosp. )...
53, s. 3.
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch .
11.
46, s. 116 ( 4 ), sch.
11.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
46, s. 116(4), sch.
11 .
46, s. 40 (1) .
46, s. 116( 4 ), sch.
11 .
46, s. 116( 2), sch.
10, para. 14( b) .
46, s. 116 ( 4), sch.
11 .
46, s. 116 ( 4 ), sch.
11 .
46, s. 116(1 ), sch.
9para. 22.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11 .
46, s. 116 (4), sch.
11.
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11.
21 , s. 3( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 26.
39, s. 119( 2).
39, s. 119(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
Race Relations Act 1968 40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 26( a) .
S. 2(2) am. ( prosp. )..
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 26(b) .
S. 2( 4) am. ( prosp. ) 40, s . 99, sch. 2
рага. 26( c ) .
S. 3(3) am. (prosp.) 40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 26( d).
S. 4( 7) am. ( prosp. ) 40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 26(e) .
S. 6( 1 )(2) am. ( prosp.)... 40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 26(f) .
S. 9(1) am. ( prosp.)
40, s. 99, sch. 2
para. 27.
S. 11 (5) rep.
S. 3(1) mod.
S.I. No. 2170.
52, s. 1 ( 2), sch. 1
para. 28(1) .
clxx Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968 -cont.
c . 73... Transport Act 1968...
Ss. 10 ( 1 )(xvi) rep. in pt. 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
( Ε.), 11 (4) гер. (Е.) . sch. 6 para. 22
( 1)( 2), sch. 8.
S. 11(5) rep . (Ε. )
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
Ss. 12( 4) rep. in pt. (E.), 7, ss. 35, 42 ( 2),
13 ( 4 ) гер. ( Ε.) .
sch. 6 para. 22
( 3 ) ( 4 ), sch. 8.
Ss. 13(7) rep. (E.) (prosp.),
7, s. 42 ( 2), sch. 8.
15( 4) rep. in pt. (E.).
Ss . 16 ( 2
16 (2) rep. in pt. ( E.) ,
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
( 3) - (5) rep. (E.), 18(1)
sch. 6 para. 22
( 2) rep. in pt. ( E.) .
( 5 )( 6 ), sch. 8.
S. 19(1) am. (E.)
...
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 22(7) .
S. 20 (8) am. (Ε.)
S. 21(5)( a) rep . (E.)
7, s. 6(8), sch. 1
para. 6, 8.
...
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 22
( 8), sch. 8.
S. 33(1 ) rep .
30, s. 54.
S. 34( 2) rep. (E.) ( prosp . ) 7, ss. 6( 8), 42( 2) ,
sch. 1 para. 7,
sch. 8.
S. 34(3) rep. (E.) ( prosp . )
Ss . 36(2) rep. in pt. (E.),
( 3)- (8) rep . (Ε.) , 37(1)
rep. in pt. (E. ), (2) гер.
( Ε.).
S. 38( 4) rep.
7, s. 42( 2), sch . 8.
7, ss. 35, 42( 2),
sch. 6 para. 22
( 9) , (10), sch. 8.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
S. 39 rep .
48, s. 3( 7 ).
S. 42(6 ) am.
48 , s. 2.
Ss. 43( 4) , 49(6 ), 54(8) гер. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ) .
S. 55 (3) mod.
48, s. 9(1 ).
S. 55(5) rep.
...
22, S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
S. 56(1) am. (E.)
7, s. 6(8), sch. 1
paras. 6, 8, 9.
S. 56 (2 ) am. (E.)
...
7, s. 6 ( 8), sch. 1
paгa. 9.
S. 62(4A)(4B) added...
50, s. 16, sch. 4
para. 1.
S. 64(2)(a) (d)(e) am....
50, s. 16, sch. 4
para. 2.
S. 67(2) am. , (3)(a)(i ) (ii)
50, s. 16, sch. 4
replaced, (5 ) am.
para. 3.
S. 69( 1 ) , (4)(a)(g), (6) am. ,
50, s. 16, sch. 4
( 7A ) added, (8) am. ,
para. 4.
( 9)(c) added, (10) am.
S. 70( 1 ) (b) am... ...
Ss. 94( 8) rep. in pt. , 107
( 4), 112(7) , 133 rep .
S. 138 (6) rep . (E.) ( prosp.)
S. 138 (7) (8 ) гер . (Е.)
...
S. 138( 9)(a) rep . (E.)
...
50, s. 16, sch. 4
22, para. 5. S.L. (Re-
peals ).
7, s. 42( 2), sch . 8.
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 22
( 11), sch. 8.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
Effect ofLegislation clxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1968:
c. 73 -cont.
Transport Act 1968 S. 165 rep .... ...
-cont. 22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
Sch. 5 Pt. III para. 14 rep. 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
( Ε.) . sch. 6 para. 22
(12 ), sch. 8.
Sch. 5 Pt. III para. 14 7, ss. 35, 42 (2),
rep. (Ε. ) . sch. 6 para. 22
( 12 ), sch. 8.
Sch. 14 Pt . IV para. 10 7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
rep. (E.) .
Sch. 18 rep .
...
c. 75
... Miscellaneous Financial S. 1 rep.
...
...
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
18, s. 2( 2), sch.
Provisions Act 1968 .
c. xviii
London Transport Act
S. 13, sch. 3 Pt. II am.
1968
xvii, s. 14.
c. xxix Lancashire Act 1968... S. 20 rер .
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxxii Port of London Act 1968 S. 2 am .... ... .. S.I. No. 607.
c. xxxvi Cheshire Act 1968
... S. 53 rep. S.I. No. 595.... ...
c. xxxviii Durham Act 1968... S. 71 rep . S.I. No. 595....
c. xl Leicester Act 1968.. S. 95 rep. S.I. No. 595.
c. xlii... Newcastle- upon- Tyne
Act 1968 . S. 66 rep . S.I. No. 595.
C.A.M.:
No. 1... No. 2...
Pastoral Measure 1968
Prayer Book (Further
Provisions) Measure
1968.
Ss. 74, 75( 2) rep. ( prosp. )
Ss. 1-4, 5 proviso rep.
( prosp . )
S. 5 am. ... ...
1969:
c. 10...
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
G.S.M. No. 3 ,
s. 6, sch. 1 .
G.S.M. No. 3, s.
6 , sch. 1 para. 1 .
S.I. No. 2013 .
c. 15...
c . 19...
c. 27...
c. 31...
c. 32 ...
Mines and Quarries
( Tips) Act 1969.
Ss. 1 ( 2) rep. , 2(3)(b)(4)
am. , 2( 5) mod. , 3( 2)
mod. , (d ) added, 7( 2) -
( 4 ) am. , 8, 9 rep . , 10( 2)
am.
S. 23(1 )(c) rep. in pt. ( E.)
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8 .
Representation of the S. 8(1)(a) appl.
10 , s. 1( 2 ).
People Act 1969.
S. 8(1)(b)(ii) ( 3) appl. | 13, s. 1( 3).
(GB).
Decimal Currency Act S. 6 excl . (prosp.)
46, s. 64( 2)(c) .
1969.
S. 7(1)( 3)( 4) rep. ( prosp. ) 46, s. 116( 4), sch.
11 .
Sch. 2 para. 2 rep. ( prosp. )
39, s. 192( 3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
Vehicle and Driving
Licences Act 1969.
Appropriation Act 1969
Finance Act 1969
S. 2(4) rep. in pt....
S.I. Nos. 520,
812.
Rep.
31 , s. 4, sch. (c) .
Ss. 3(8), 5 rep .
22, S.L. peals) . (Re-
Sch . 18 Pt. I am.
S.I. Nos . 693,
1071 .
Sch. 19 para. 15 ext ....
30, s. 44 sch. 8
para. 7.
para. 15( 4A )
30, s. 44, sch. 8
added.
para. 6.
para. 16 ext.
30, s . 38, sch . 3
( mod. ).
Pt. II para. 19.
para. 16(2) rep. in 22, S.L. ( Re-
pt. peals ).
clxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969 -cont.
c. 33 Housing Act 1969 Ss. 1-20 rep. (saving )..
44, s. 130, sch. 14
paras. 5, 7, sch.
15.
S. 21 rep. ( saving) ( prosp.) 44, s. 130, sch. 14
paras. 6, 7 sch.
15 .
S. 21 (1) saved
44, s. 35( 6 )( a) .
excl .
44, s. 35(6 )( b).
Ss. 22-27 rep. (saving) 44, s. 130, sch. 14
para. 7, sch.
15 .
S. 28 restr.
replaced
44, s . 38(2)( a).
4, s. 50(1) , sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 29(2) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
44, s. 130, sch.
15 .
Ss. 29A, 29B added
44, s. 51, sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 30 appl .
S. 30(2) ( 3 ) rep .
44, s . 38( 2)(a).
44, s. 51 , sch. 5
Pt. II para. 2
( 2 ), sch. 15.
S. 30(1A ) added ...
44, s. 51, sch. 5
Pt. II .
S. 32(5) am.
...
44, s . 51 , sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 36 rep.
..
44 , s. 130, sch.
15 .
S. 37(4) ( b) rep. in pt.
S. 37(5A ) added ...
44 , s. 51, sch. 15.
44, s. 51 , sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 37(7) am.
...
44, s. 51 , sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 37(8) added
44, s. 51, sch. 5
Pt. II.
S. 40(2)(a) am.
44, s. 51, sch. 5
Pt. II.
rep. in pt.
44, s. 51 , sch. 5
Pt. II para. 5,
sch. 15.
S. 40( 2)(b) am.
...
44, s. 51, sch. 5
Pt. II .
S : 69 am : ( prosp . )
S.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 19.
S. 69( c) rep. ( prosp. )
44, s. 130, sch.
15 .
S. 70 rep. in pt ....
44, s. 130, sch.
15.
am.
S. 74 rep.
44, s. 48(3).
...
7, ss . 37( 6), 42(2),
sch. 8.
S. 75(1 ) am.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 20 (1).
S. 75( 2)(b) rep.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para . 20(2) ,
sch. 15.
S. 75(2) (c) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 20( 2 ) .
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1969:
c. 33 -cont.
c . 34
c. 35
...
c . 36
c. 39
...
...
c.46...
Effect ofLegislation clxxiii
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
Housing Act 1969 -cont. S. 76 rep. (saving)
S. 77 rep.
S. 88( 1) rep. in pt.
Sch. 5 para. 1(1) am.
( prosp .).
Sch. 5 paras. 3(1), 5( 2)
rep. in pt. ( prosp.).
Sch. 8 paras. 25-27 rep.
( saving ), 28, 31 гер.
Housing (Scotland ) Act Ss. 1-16 rep.
1969.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 21 .
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
S. 18(1) am.
S. 19 am.
S. 20( 1 )(b) subst.
S. 20(2) definition of
"restricted
value ",
subst.
S. 21 ext.
S. 21 ( 1 ), (4) am. ...
45, s. 50(3), sch.
5.
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 26.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 27.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 28.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 29.
Ss. 33-43 rep .
S. 58( 1 ) (aa) added
S. 59( 1) am. and rep. in
pt. , (1A ) added, (2)(a)
am. , (5A ) added, (6 ),
( 8 ) am.
S. 59A added
45, s . 30( 1).
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 30.
45, s. 50( 3), sch. 5
45, s. 44( 2).
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 31.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 32.
S. 60 rep....
45, ss. 45(6 ) , 50
S. 65, sch. 6 paras. 33, 34
22, ( 3), sch. 5.
rep.
S.L. peals) . ( Re-
Sch. 6 paras . 35-38 rep....
45, s. 50 (3), sch. 5
Transport (London) Act Apptd. day for ss . 29(1 ) -
S.I. No. 407.
1969 .
(3), (5)(6), 30, 47(2)
and sch. 6 in pt.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 3(1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
S. 7(5) rep . (1.4.1975)
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
7, ss . 35, 42(2),
sch . 6 para. 23
( 1), sch. 8.
S. 7(6 ) rep. in pt. (1.4.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
1975 ).
S. 12(2) rep. in pt. , ( 3) -
7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
( 5 ) rep.
sch. 6 para. 23
( 2 ), sch. 8.
Ss . 23( 6) rep. in pt. , 29 7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
( 1)( a) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1975 ) .
Transfer of functions...
Overseas Resources
Development Act 1969.
Age of Majority (Scot-
land ) Act 1969.
Family Law Reform Act 1969.
21 , s . 3(3 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
Sch. I rep. ( as to s . 36 of
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
the Friendly Societies
11 .
Act 1896 ) (prosp. ).
Sch. 1 rep. (as to s. 36 of
the Friendly Societies
46, s. 116(4), sch.
11 .
Friendly
Act 1896 ) ( prosp. ).
clxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969 -cont.
c.48
... Post Office Act 1969...
S. 2 ( except subs. (6 )) rep.
S. 14 (1) am.
S. 35(2) am.
Sch. 4 para . 31 rep .
( prosp. ).
рага . 57 гер .
( prosp. ).
para. 83(1 ) - (3) am.
c . 49
...
c . 50
...
Education ( Scotland ) Act S. 10 rep. in pt. ( prosp.),
1969.
sch. 2 para. 40 rep.
( prosp. ), sch. 4 paras . 6,
7( 1) rep. in pt. ( prosp.),
( 2 ) rep. (prosp. ).
S. 18(1) am....
Trustee Savings Banks
Act 1969.
Development of Tourism
Act 1969 .
S.I. No. 691 .
S.I. No. 595.
8, s. 4(1 )(3), sch.
2para. 4 .
39, s. 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
26, s. 19( 5)(7),
sch . 3 Pt. II .
45, s. 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 33.
27, s . 2( 2), sch.
30 , s. 56.
c. 51
...
c. 52
...
c . 53
...
Statute Law (Repeals)
Act 1969.
Late Night Refreshment
Houses Act 1969.
Functions of Secretary
of State for Trade and
Industry transfd. to
Secretary of State for
Industry.
S. 5( 4 ) am.
S. 4(3) rep. ( prosp.)
S. 3(1) am.
...
...
S. 3(2)(3) rep. ... ...
S.L. No. 692.
S.I. No. 1264.
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 24(1 ) .
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para.
Ss. 4, 5(2)(3) am....
24(1), sch. 8.
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 24(2 ) .
c. 54... S. 12 rep.
Children
and Young S. 1 ext .
Persons Act 1969. S. 29 excl.
S. 33, sch. 1 rep.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
...
.. ...
...
...
53, s . 1( 4)(b) .
56, s. 7( 3).
4, s. 42 (1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
c. 57... Employers' Liability S. 1 (3)(b) am.
...
49, s. 88(1 ) , sch.
( Compulsory Insur-
1 .
ance) Act 1969.
c. 58 Administration of Justice Sch. I ( as to Solicitors 47, s. 89( 2), sch.4.
Act 1969 . Act 1957) rep.
c. iii Derbyshire Act 1969... S. 3 rep.
C. V... Derby Act 1969 ... S. 4 rep. ...
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
c . vi... Bournemouth Act 1969 ...
S. 6 rep. ...
...
S.I. No. 595.
c . vii Coventry Act 1969
S. 3 rep. ...
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
c. viii S. 4 rep.
Northampton Act 1969 ...
c. xiv ... ... ... ...
S.I. No. 595.
Teesside Act 1969
... S. 3 rep.
...
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
C. X... Glasgow Act 1969
S. 2 rep. ...
... ...
S.I. No. 812.
c. xxi... ...
Luton Act 1969 Portsmouth Act 1969
S. 3 rep. ...
c. xxxvii S. 13 rep.
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595
c. xxxviii
York Act 1969
c. xlvii
Cardiff Act 1969 S. 39 rep .
S.I. No. 595.
S. 68 rep.
...
S.I. No. 595.
c. xlix
...
Essex River and South
S. 49 rep. (saving)
i, ss. 6, 8, 9, sch . 3
Essex Water Act 1969 .
Pt. I.c. lii ..
G.L.C. (Gen. Powers)
Sch. 1 am. and rep. in pt. xxiv, s. 14 ( 4) .
Act 1969
c. liii
Dudley Act 1969
S. 106 rep .
S.I. No. 595 .
c . liv
Warley Act 1969
S. 99 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
c . lv
Liverpool Act 1969
... S. 30 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
Effect ofLegislation clxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1969 -cont.
c. lvi
... Worcestershire Act 1969 S. 56 rep....
c. lvii
Blackpool Act 1969 S. 14 rep....
c. lviii
... Walsall Act 1969 S. 154 rep. ...
c . lix ... West Bromwich Act 1969 S. 114 rep.... ...
c . lx
... Wolverhampton Act 1969 S. 142 rep.... ...
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
C.A.M.:
No. 2
1970:
c . 1
c. 9
c. 10
... Synodical Government
Measure 1969 . ...
...
Consolidated Fund Act
1970.
Taxes Management Act
1970.
Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970.
S. 3(1 ) - (3)(5) rep. ( prosp.)
Sch. 2Art. 5(4) added
Art. 8(1) am.
...
Art. 8(1A) added
Art. 8(1A ) re-
numbered ( 1B).
G.S.M. No. 3,
s. 6, sch. 2.
G.S.M. No. 1 ,
s. 3.
G.S.M. No. 1,
s. 2(1).
G.S.M. No. 1 ,
s. 2 (2 ).
G.S.M. No. 1,
s. 2( 3).
Rep....
31 , s. 4, sch. (c).
S. 8 ext .... ...
30, ss. 22( 5) , 23
( 5 ), 24.
S. 15 ext.
30, s . 24.
Ss. 33( 1), 34 (1), 37(1), S.I. No. 896.
40 ( 1)( 2 ) mod.
S. 43(1) mod.
S. 47 ext....
S.I. No. 896.
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 5(3 ) .
S. 47(2) proviso rep.
...
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
S. 57 am.
...
30, s. 47, 17 , sch. 10
para. 5( 4) .
S. 57(1 )(d ) ext .... ...
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 5( 5 ).
S. 86 mod.
S. 98 am....
... ..
30 , s. 8( 4 ).
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 5( 6 ).
S. 4( 3) mod....
S. 7 am.... ...
S. 8( 1 )(a) am.... ...
S. 8(1)(b ) am.... ...
S. 10 (3) am.... ...
S. 14 am.... ..
S. 19(2) (a)( ii) am.
S. 24 am....
S. 29 mod.... ..
Ss. 40, 41 mod.
S. 64A restored
30, s. 8( 3)( a) .
30, s . 14 (5) .
30, s. 14( 2)( a) .
30, s. 14(2)(b ) .
30, s. 14 ( 3).
30, s. 14 ( 4 ).
49, s . 88(1 ), sch. 1
30, s . 14(6 ).
30, s. 8( 6 ).
30, s. 8(5) .
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt . VI para. 27.
S. 84 mod....
30, s. 45, sch. 9
para. 4(2 ).
S. 109(2) Cases I, II ext.
30, s . 23.
Case VI ext.
30, s . 30(1)( 3).
( saving )
ext.
30 , ss. 38-44.
( retrosp . )
mod.
S. 122(1)(a) excl ....
30, s. 44, sch. 8
para. 7( 3)(4).
30, s. 23.
clxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Actor number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1970:
c. 10 -cont.
Income and Corporation S. 122(1) ( b) restored as
Taxes Act 1970 -cont.
originally enacted.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27 .
S. 122( 1) (c) , subst.
...
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27.
S. 122(2) (b) rep....
...
30, s. 23(1 ), sch.
14 Pt. VI.
S. 122(2) (c) rep. ( saving).
30, ss. 22(1 )(2),
23( 4), sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 154(2 ) ext.
30, s . 39( 4)(b) .
Ss. 168-172, 174 ext .
30, s . 23( 2)( 4).
S. 175(2)(a) am.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 28.
S. 176 mod.
30, s. 40, sch. 6
paras. 3( a), 4,
8(1) .
ext.
30, s . 40( 3).
S. 179 mod.
30 , s . 40, sch. 6
paras . 3(b) , 4,
8(1).
ext.
30, s. 40( 3).
S. 181 Sch . E para. 1 am.
30, ss . 21 (1)(2)(8),
and subst.
23 ( 4 ) .
Case 1 mod.
30 s. 19, sch. 2.
Class III restr.
30, s. 21(9).
para. 4mod.
30, s . 22(3), sch.
2 .
S. 188(2) rep. in pt. and 30, s. 21(3), sch.
am.
14 Pt. VI.
S. 198( 3) am.
... ...
30, s. 18.
S. 221( 4) am.
30, s. 21( 5 ) .
S. 226(13 ) excl. ( prosp. ) ...
46, s. 64( 2)( b).
S. 243(5) am.
30, s. 36.
S. 245( 2)(3) subst. , (7)
30, s . 37(1).
replaced.
S. 248(3) restored as
originally enacted, ( 6 )
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27 .
( a ) - (c ) restored, (d)
subst . and ext.
S. 266 ext .
...
S. 272 appl .
S. 272(1) ext .
Ss . 277, 278( 5)(6 ), 279( 4)
( 5 ) ext .
S. 280( 5) rep. in pt.
( saving ).
S. 283 excl .
...
S. 285(4) am.
S. 285(5) appl .
S. 285(6) appl. ( mod.)
...
S. 297(6 ) mod.
restr. ..
S. 310 ext . (mod . )
S. 313(2) (a) am.
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 1( b).
30, s. 45, sch. 9
para. 11( 3 ).
30 , s. 41( 10)(11).
30, s. 47, sch. 10
para. 1( b).
30, s. 29, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
30 , s. 44 ( 1).
30 , s. 35.
30, s . 35( 3) .
30, s. 41 (6 )(11)
( 12 ).
30, s. 8( 3)(b).
30, s . 8( 7).
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 7(1) .
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 7( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1970 :
c . 10 -cont.
Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont. S. 313(2) (aa) added
...
S. 315 ext . (mod.)
30, s. 40, sch. 6,
para. 9(2) .
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 7(1).
S. 316(1A) added.
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 7(3) .
S. 322( 3) proviso restored
S. 323( 2) am.
30, s . 26(5) .
49, s . 88(1 ) , sch.
1 .
S. 332(1 ) restr .
S. 335( 4) rep. in pt .
...
30, s. 27(1 )(a) .
30, s . 27(a) , sch .
14 Pt. VI.
S. 335(4A) added
...
S. 337(2) appl . ( prosp.)
...
am. ( prosp. )
...
S. 337(3 ) appl . (prosp.) ..
S. 337(5)(b) am. (prosp.)
30, s . 27(9).
46, s. 64(8).
46, s. 116(1), sch .
9para. 23( a).
46, s . 64(8) .
46, s. 116 (1), sch.
9 para. 23(b) .
S. 338 ext .... ...
30, s . 28(1)(a).
S. 338 saved
52, s. 9( 3).
S. 338( 2) definition of
30, s . 28(1 )(b),
"provident
benefits "
sch . 14 Pt. VI .
rep. in pt.
S. 341A added
44, s. 120.
S. 342A added
...
44, s. 11 .
S. 353(2) (3) rep ....
...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 9, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 426 appl . (mod.)
...
30, s . 44, sch. 7
para. 9(1 ).
S. 426( 5) mod.
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 9(2).
S. 427 mod. ... ...
30 , s. 44, sch. 7
para. 9(3)(5) .
appl. ( mod. )...
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 9(1 ).
Pt. XV ( ss . 426-433) appl. 30, s. 44, sch. 7
( mod.) para. 9(1 ).
Ss. 437-444 mod....
30, s. 44, sch. 7
para. 10.
S. 440 restored
...
30, s. 19, sch 1
...
Pt . VI para. 27 .
S. 445 words in ( a ) and
30, s. 19, sch. 1
( b ) restored.
Pt. VI para. 27.
Ss. 456, 469(6 ) , 496(3)-(7)
30, s. 19, sch. 1
restored.
Pt. VI, para.
27 .
S. 495( 7), subst. ( prosp. ) 39, s . 192(3)(4),
sch. 4 Pt. I
S. 526(5) am.
para. 29.
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 10.
Sch. 8 para. 6 rep. in pt. 30, s . 21 ( 4)( a),
sch. 14 Pt. VI .
para. 16 am.
...
30, s . 21 ( 4)(b) .
Sch . 15 Pt. II rep. in pt.
...
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
clxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
1970:
c. 10 -cont.
Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 -cont.
c. 11
c . 12
c. 21
c .24
...
...
...
...
Sea Fish Industry Act
1970.
Consolidated Fund (No.
2 ) Act 1970.
New Forest Act 1970
Finance Act 1970
...
...
Sch. 12 Pt. III para. 2(1 )
( b) restored as origin-
ally enacted. para. 2( 1 )
( c ) subst.
para. 2( 2 )
am.
para. 3( 1)
restored as originally
enacted. para. 3( 3)
am.
Sch. 15 para. 3( 2)(3) гер.
( prosp. ).
Ss. 22(1 ), 23(1 ), 24(2),
35(1 ), 36( 1 ) , 37(2) am.
Rep.
... S. 4 rep .
...
S. 1 rep.
S. 24(2) subst.
S. 29 saved
Sch. 1 para. 14 rep....
Sch. 7 paras . 6( 2) rep. in
pt. , 6( 3), 10, 11
rep.
para. 13(2) rep .
Rep.
S. 1( 1) rep. in pt.
c. 25
c. 29
c. 31
Appropriation Act 1970
Parish Councils and
Burial Authorities
( Miscellaneous Provi-
sions) Act 1970.
Administration of Justice
Act 1970
S. 9( 4) rep .
S. 12 ( 2 ) am.
S. 38A added ( prosp. )
S. 43, sch. 10 гер.
...
S. 54(6 )(c) am. ( prosp. )...
c. 32 Riding Establishments S. 2( 1) para. ( i ) rep. (E.)
Act 1970.
c. 35 Conveyancing and
Feudal Reform ( Scot-
S. 2(4) am. (retrosp. )
S. 18(1A ) am... ...
land ) Act 1970.
c . 36... Merchant Shipping Act Apptd. day for s. 24, sch.
1970. 5 in pt. (1.10.1974 ) .
Apptd. day for ss. 85, 86,
sch. 1 , sch. 3 para. 10
and s. 100(1), sch. 5 in
pt. (18.11.1974 ).
S. 27 am.
...
S. 29 rep.
..
S. 30 am.
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 29.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. VI para. 27 .
30, s. 21 ( b ).
46, s. 116 (4), sch.
11 .
S.I. No. 88.
31, s. 4, sch. (c).
7 , s. 42 ( 2 ), sch . 8.
22, S.L. (Re-
peals).
30, s. 21 ( 7 ) .
30, s. 38, sch. 3
para. 24.
22, S.L.
(Re-
peals ).
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. III.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. IV.
31, s. 4, sch. (c ) .
S.I. No. 628.
4, s. 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
4, s. 41, sch. 4
para . 3.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 30.
4, s. 42( 1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 31 .
7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
38, s. 19.
38, s. 11(6 ).
S.I. No. 1194.
S.I. No. 1908.
43, s. 19 (2 ).
43, s. 19( 3).
43, s. 19 ( 4 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1970:
c. 36 -cont.
Merchant Shipping Act S. 31 rep.
... ...
1970 -cont. S. 32 rep. in pt...
S. 34( 2 ) am.
S. 42( 2) am.... ...
S. 42(3) rep. ... ...
S. 76 saved ( prosp.)...
S. 95(1 )(a) am....
Sch. 2 para. 2 rep. in pt. с . 46...
Radiological Protection S. 1(6A) added.. ...
Act 1970. S. 1 (7A)(7B) added...
S. 1( 8) am.... ...
S. 2(6 ) am...
c. 48... Appropriation ( No. 2) Rep.
Act 1970.
c. 50... Family Income Supple-
ments Act 1970. Power to am.... ...
c. 56... Contingencies Fund Act S. 2 rep. ...... ...
1970.
c. vi... Warwickshire Act 1970... S. 3 rep.... ... ..
c. viii... Doncaster Act 1970 S. 3 rep. ... ...
c. ix Newport Act 1970 S. 3 rep.
... ... ...
C. X... Huddersfield Act 1970 S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
c. xi... Bolton Act 1970... S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
c. xii .. Hampshire Act 1970 S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
c. xiv... Leicestershire Act 1970 ... S. 10 rep. ... ...
C. XV... Swansea Act 1970 S. 3 rep.
...
c. xvi... Barclays Bank D.C.O. Rep.... ... ...
Act 1970.
c. xvii...
Wallasey Act 1970
... S. 3 rep. ... ...
c. xviii...
Flintshire Act 1970
... S. 12 rep....
... ...
c. xxii...
Birmingham Act 1970
S. 5 rep. ... ... ...
c. xxiv...
Huntingdonetc. Act 1970
S. 20 rep. ...
C. XXV ...
West Riding Act 1970
S. 4 rep. ...
...
c. xxvii
Norwich Act 1970
S. 37 rep.
c. xxix
Stoke-on-Trent Act 1970
... ...
S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
C. XXX
...
Southampton Act 1970...
S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
c . xli
...
North Riding Act 1970
S. 3 rep. ... ... ...
c. xlii
... Blackburn Act 1970... S. 3 rep.
c. xliii... Kent Act 1970 S. 8 rep. ...
... ... ...
...
c. xlv ... Cumberland Act 1970 S. 8 rep. ... ...
c. xlvi Gloucestershire Act 1970 S. 3 гер....
c. xlvii Salop Act 1970 S. 3 rep.
...
...
... ...
c. xlviii ... West Sussex Act 1970 S. 3 rep. ... ...
c. xlix .. Staffordshire Act 1970 ... S. 4 rep.... ...
c . 1.. Northumberland Act S. 16 rep. ...
1970.
c. li Manchester Act 1970 S. 3 rep . in pt.
S. 27 rep .
Ss . 28-32 rep. , 33 rep. in
pt. , 34, 35 rep.
Sch. 1 rep.
c . lxi ... Nottinghamshire Act S. 3 rep. ... ...
1970
c. lxii Preston Act 1970 S. 3 rep. ... ...
c. lxiii Lindsey Act 1970 S. 3 rep....
... ...
c. lxiv Northampton Act 1970 ... S. 23 rep.
...
43, s. 19( 3).
43, s. 19(6 )( a ).
43, s. 19(5).
52, s. 25(1 ), sch. 3
para. 14.
52, s . 25(1 )(3),
sch. 3 para. 14,
sch. 5.
43, s. 11( 4), sch. 2
para. 4( 5).
43, s. 19(6)(c).
43, s . 19(6)(b).
37, s . 77(1 )(a) .
37, s. 77(1 )(b) .
37, s. 77(1)(c).
37, s. 77( 2 ) .
31, s. 4, sch. (c).
14, s. 6 (1) .
18, s. 2(2), sch.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
ix, s. 4, sch.
S.I. No. 595 .
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595 .
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 520.
S.I. No. 595 .
S.I. No. 520.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595 .
clxxx Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
1970 -cont.
c. lxviii Gateshead Act 1970...
S. 3 rep.
... ...
c. lxx Gloucester Act 1970...
c. lxxii S. 4 rep....
East Suffolk Act 1970 S. 12 rep.
... ... ...
c. lxxiv
Southend Act 1970 S. 7 rep .
...
... ...
c. lxxvii
Monmouthshire Act 1970 S. 74 rep. ... ...
c. lxxx
...
.. Bootle Act 1970......
S. 73 rep. ...
c . lxxxii
Grimsby Act 1970 S. 19 rep. ... ...
c. lxxxiii
Oxfordshire Act 1970... S. 25 rep. ...
c. lxxxiv
Reading Act 1970 S. 38 rep.
c. lxxxv
Wiltshire Act 1970 S. 11 rep.
1971:
c. 1
c. 3
c . 10
... Consolidated Fund Act Rep.
1971.
... Guardianship of Minors Sch. 1 rep. in pt.......
Act 1971 .
Vehicles
( Excise) Act
1971 .
S. 4(1)( 1) added
S. 38(1 ) definitions of
"conditional sale agree-
ment" added (prosp.),
" hackney carriage"
subst. ( prosp.) .
"hire purchase agree-
ment " added ( prosp.)
c. 14...
c. 17
Consolidated Fund ( No. Rep.
2 ) Act 1971 .
Industry Act 1971
...
c. 20 ...
c. 23
Functions of Secretary
of State for Trade and
Industry transfd. to
Secretary of State for
Industry.
Mines Management Act Ss. 1( 3) rep. in pt. (4) (b )
1971 .
Courts Act 1971 am. , 3(1) (a) (c) rep.
Pt. V (ss . 31-40 ), sch. 4
rep.
Sch. 6 para. 10, sch. 8
paras. 29 rep. , 48 rep.
in pt. , 56 rep.
Sch. 9 rep. in pt. ( prosp.)
rep. in pt. ( prosp. )
c. 24
c. 28
... Coinage Act 1971 S. 8 saved ( E.)...
Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 Restr ....
S. 1(1)(d) added
S. 2(1 )(b) am.
S. 2( 1) (bb) , (bbb) added ...
S. 2( 3) rep . in pt .
...
S. 2( 4 ) added... ...
S. 5(4) restr.
S. 5(5)(g) added ...
..
...
S. 5A added
...
...
S. 7(1) excl .
S. 7(2 ) ext ....
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 595.
31 , s. 4, sch. (c).
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 168.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I, para. 32
( 1).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 32
( 2 ).
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 32
( 3 ).
31, s. 4, sch. (c) .
S.I. No. 692.
S.I. No. 2013 .
23, s. 22( 4), sch.
3.
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
46, s. 116( 4 ), sch.
11 .
39, s. 192(3)( b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
23, s. 19(6 ) .
45, s. 41 .
51, s . 2(3).
51, s . 1( 4)( a ).
51, s . 2(1).
51 , s. 16( 2 ), sch. 4
Pt. I.
51 , s . 2(2) .
44, s. 18(1).
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 22 .
51 , s. 2(3), sch. 2
para. 2.
51, s. 1( 3).
44, s. 18( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxxi
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971:
c. 28-cont. Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971 -cont.
S. 12 ext....
44, s. 18, sch . 3
Pt. II para. 13
S.16rep.
( 8).
45, s. 50(1 )(3 ),
sch. 3 para. 34,
sch. 5.
S. 17(2) mod.
51 , s. 13.
Ss . 19(2), 21 (2) mod.
...
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 14
( 2 ).
S. 21 (2)(b) restr....
...
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 14
( 4 ).
S. 24 ( 1) mod.
..
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 14
( 5 ).
am.
...
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 35.
S. 24( 4) paras . (a )(ii) , (iii ) 45, s. 50(1)(3),
rep.
sch. 3 para. 35,
sch. 5.
S. 29 paras. (a)(ii ), (iii ) 45, s. 50(1 )(3),
rep.
sch. 3 para. 36,
sch. 5.
S. 40( 3) am.... ...
51 , s . 1 (4)(d), sch.
1 para. 17.
excl.
51, s . 5(2) .
S. 40(3) am. , (3A) added
51, s. 4(3) .
S. 41 ( 1)(b) excl .
51, s . 5( 3) .
S. 42 ext .
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 14
(6 ) .
S. 42( 1 )(3) am.
...
51 , s . 1 ( 4)(d) , sch.
1 para. 18.
S. 44(1) am. , (1A ) added
51, s. 4( 4).
S. 71(2 ) am.
45, s . 50(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 37.
S. 79 am.
...
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 38.
S. 80(2) (b), (3) am.
...
45, s. 50(1), sch. 3
para. 39.
S. 88( 1 ) (b) am.... ...
51 , s . 9(1) .
S. 88( 4) subst .
...
51, s . 9(2) .
S. 89(2) rep. in pt .
51 , s . 16(2), sch . 4
Pt. I.
S. 89(2A) added...
...
51 , s . 9(3).
S. 90 (1) am....
51, s . 9( 4).
rep. in pt.
51 , ss . 9( 4), 16
( 2), sch. 4 Pt. I.
S. 90(2 ) rep.
...
51 , ss . 9(1), 16
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt. I.
S. 91( 1A) added
51 , s . 9( 5) .
S. 93( 1 )(c) rep .
... ...
51 , ss . 10(1 ) , 16
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt. I.
S. 95(2)(d ) added
51 , s . 10(2) .
S. 95A added
51, s. 14 ( 3).
S. 100(1) definition of
51 , s . 9(6).
"rental period" added
Ss. 110-112 mod.
51, s. 1 ( 4)( d), sch.
1 para. 19.
clxxxii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971:
c. 28 -cont. Rent (Scotland )Act 1971 S. 118( c ) am....
-cont.
51, s. 2( 4), sch. 2
para. 5.
S. 119A added.. ...
51, s. 2( 4), sch. 2
para. 6.
S. 120(1 )(b) am.
51, s . 1 (4)(d) , sch.
1 para. 20.
S. 122(1 )(a) am.
51, s . 1( 4) (d ) ,
sch. 1 para. 21 .
S. 123(1) ext .
ext.
45 , s.40.
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 15
( b ).
S. 124 am.
51, s. 1( 4)( d ), sch.
1 para. 22.
S. 125(1)(a) am.
...
51, s . 1 ( 4)(d), sch.
1para. 23.
S. 133(1) ext ....
51, s . 15( 2) .
S. 131 ( 2)( 3 ) added and 44, s. 123(1) .
am.
Sch. 1 ext ....
44 , s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 13
( 5 ) (6).
Sch. 2 excl ....
Sch. 3 Pt . I Case 3A
added.
51, s. 1( 3).
51, s. 1 ( 4)(b), sch.
1para. 1.
Case 5 mod.
Case 8 mod.
51, s. 1 ( 4)(b), sch.
1 рага. 2.
51, s. 1(4 )(b) , sch.
1 para. 3 .
Case 9 am....
51, s. 1 ( 4)(b), sch.
1 para. 4.
Case 9 rep. in 51, ss . 1 ( 4)(b), 16
pt.
( 2 ) , sch. 1 para.
4 (1), sch. 4 Pt.
I.
Pt. II Case 11 mod.
51, s. 1 (4)( b), sch.
1 para. 5.
51, s. 3( 3) .
Case 11 pro-
viso.
added
Cases 11A-
11C added
Pt. III para. 2 am.
Pt . IV para. 3( 1)
am.
Sch. 6 para. 10(1 )(2) am.
Sch. 7 para. 1 ( b ) rep. in
pt.
c. 32...
para. 1( d ) added
Sch. 13 paras. 1(b ), 8( b)
am.
Attachment of Earnings S. 1 ( 5 ) saved
..
Act 1971. S. 25( 1 ) am.
51, s . 3( 2).
51, s. 1 ( 4 )( b), sch.
1 para. 6.
51, s. 1( 4)(b), sch.
1 para. 7.
51, s. 1( 4)( d ), sch .
1para. 24.
51, ss. 1( 4)( d), 16
( 2 ), sch. 1 para.
25, sch. 4 Pt. I.
51, s. 1(4)(d ), sch.
1 para. 25.
45, s. 50(1), sch. 3
para. 40.
4, s. 35( 8) .
4 , s. 41, sch. 4
рага. 4.
Effect ofLegislation clxxxiii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1971 -cont.
с.40
Fire Precautions Act 1971 с . 41 ... Highways Act 1971...
c. 50... National Insurance Act
1971 . c . 56 ... Pensions (Increase ) Act
1971 . S. 1 (2 )( f) added...
37, s. 78(2 ) .
S. 2(a) - (c) rep.... ...
37, ss. 78( 3), 83
( 2 ), sch. 10.
S. 5(1 ) ext. (other certi- 37, s. 78(10), sch.
ficates )
S. 9A added
8 рага. 3.
...
37, s . 78( 4).
S. 11 rep ....
..
37, s . 83(2), sch.
10 .
S. 12(1 ) am.
...
37, s. 78(5 ) .
S. 17(1)(i) rep. in pt ....
37, s. 78(6 ), 83( 2)
sch. 10.
S. 17( 1 )( ii ) am....
37, s . 78(6 )(a) .
S. 17(1 ) (iii) added...
37, s . 78(6 )(a).
S. 17(2) am.
37, s . 78(6)(b).
S. 17( 3) added... ...
S. 18 am.... ...
37, s . 78(6)(c).
S. 18(2 ) added...
37, s . 78(7 ) (a)(b).
37, s . 78(7 )(c) .
S. 40( 1 )(a) am....
37, s. 78(8)(a).
S. 40 ( 1)(b) am.
... ...
37, s . 78(8)(b) .
S. 40 (10) am.
37, s . 78(8)( c).
S. 40(10A) added
37, s . 78(8)(d) .
S. 43(1) definition of
"work " added
37, s . 78( 9) .
definition of "building
37, s . 83(2), sch.
regulations " rер.
10 .
S. 43(1) definition of
S.I. No. 595.
"local authority" rep.
inpt.
S. 1 (6 )(a)( i) rep. in pt. 7, s. 42 ( 2), sch. 8.
( 1.4.1975 ).
Whole Act rep. by 1975,
c. 18.
Ss. 1 (1 ), 2(1) am....
9, s. 3( 3)( a ) .
S. 2 ( 2)(b) ( iii ) am.
9, s. 3( 1).
( retrosp. ).
S. 3(1) am....
9, s. 3(3)(a) .
S. 3(3)(b) am.... ...
9, s. 3( 2)
S. 3( 4) rep . ... ...
9, s. 3( 3).
S. 3(6 ) am.
9, s. 3( 2).
S. 5 Transfer of functions, S.I. No. 1264.
( 3) am.
S. 6(5)(6 ) am.
9, s . 3 (3)( a) .
S. 7( 2)(3) am.... ...
9, s. 2( 2) .
S. 9(7A) (8) excl .
9, s. 2(1) .
Ss. 10, 11 , 11A, 12 Trans-
21 , s. 3(3), sch. 1
fer of functions.
Pt. I.
S. 13 Transfer of func-
S.I. No. 1264.
tions
S. 13(3) am. ( 16.5.1975) ...
9, s . 3( 4 )( a) .
S. 13( 4) am.
S.I. No. 1264.
S. 17(1 ) definitions of-
"basic rate " am.
9, s. 1 ( 3).
"widows pension"
9, s . 3(3)(b).
added
Sch. 3 paras. 1 (except
9, s . 2( 2).
sub-para. ( 4), 2, 3) am.
para. 4 am.
..
9, s. 2( 3).
para. 6(1)(a) subst.
S.I. No. 595.
para. 6(1 )(b) subst.
9, s. 3(4)(b).
(16.5.1975).
clxxxiv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No. Short title or Subject How affected
ofMeasure
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971:
c. 56 -cont. Pensions (Increase ) Act Sch. 3 para. 6(2 )( d) added
9, s. 3( 4 )( c ) .
1971 -cont. (16.5.1975).
para. 7 ( 1) am.
9, s . 3( 4)( d ) .
( 16.5.1975).
Sch. 6 am. S.I. No. 520.
c. 58... Sheriff Courts (Scotland ) Ss. 35( 1)( c ) excl. , 37(1) 38, s . 9( 6 ).
Act 1971 . ext.
c. 59... Merchant Shipping (Oil
Pollution) Act 1971 . S. 8A added ( prosp.)... 43 , s. 9.
c. 62... Tribunals and Inquiries S. 8( 2) am. 39, s. 3( a ) .
Act 1971 . Ss. 12(1) ext . ( mod . ), 13 37, s. 44( 4 ).
ext.
S. 13 (5A) added 39, s. 42 (1) .
S. 13(6)(a) am. 39, s. 42( 2).
S. 13( 7 ) am. 39, s. 42 (3).
S. 14 ext. ( prosp. ) 46, s. 76 (1).
S. 19( 4) am.... 39, s. 3( b ).
Sch. 1 para. 5A added 39, s. 3( c ).
c . 66
...
Friendly Societies Act
Rep. (except except ss. 11(5)(6 ),
46, s. 116( 4), sch.
1971 .
c. 67
15( 4)(5)) ( prosp.).
11 .
...
Appropriation Act 1971
c. 68
Finance Act 1971
Rep. in
...
31, s. 4, sch. ( c ) .
S. 7 am. and rep. in pt.
30 , s. 50.
S. 15( 2 ) rep.
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 15(3)(4) rep .
...
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
S. 24 excl .
...
30, s. 8( 3 )( a) .
S. 30 ext... ... 30, s . 25(3).
S. 30 ( 3) am.
...
30, s . 25(1) .
S. 30( 7)(d)... ...
30, s . 25(2) .
S. 31 ( 2) rep .
...
30, s. 52, sch. 12
para. 11 , sch.
14 .
S. 32(1) appl.... S. 32(3) restr.
30, s. 43.
30 , s . 15( 1).
excl.
30 , s. 44, sch. 7
para. 1.
Pt. III sch. 1 ( ss. 40-50)
30, s. 17.
ext.
Pt. III (ss . 40-54) ext .
...
S. 65 am.
...
30, s . 23( 2)(b).
30, s. 49, sch. 11
para . 8.
Sch. 6 para. 69 rep.
...
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VII.
c. 72... Industrial Relations Act Rep.
... ... ...
52, ss. 1 (1)(3), 25
1971.
( 3) , sch. 5.
Ss. 2-4, 22-33, 100, 106,
116, 118, 146 , 148, 149-
52, s. 1(2 ), sch. 1 .
151, 155, 159, 161, 162,
sch . 6 as rep. , re-
enacted with amdts.
c. 75...
Civil Aviation Act 1971 Ss. 8(2), 41( 2) am. , 48( 2 )
rep. in pt.
Sch. 5 para. 2( 1) rep. in
pt. ( prosp. ) .
c. 76 ... Housing Act 1971...
Ss . 1 (1 )(b) , 2(b) excl .
Ss. 2(1 ) -(3 )(5), 3(1) - (3),
8, s. 4( 1 ) (3), sch.
2para. 7.
37, s. 83(2), sch.
10.
44, s. 117 .
44, s. 130, sch. 15 .
( 5 ) rep. ( prosp.).
c. 77... Immigration Act 1971...
S. 1 excld.... ...
56 , s. 9( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation clxxxv
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971 -cont.
c. 78...
Town and Country S. 28(1) rep. in pt .
Planning Act 1971 .
S. 28(1 )(aa) added
S. 31(2)( 3) гер.
S. 46(1 ), (3) rep. in pt.
... 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 1), sch. 8.
32 , s. 4(1).
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch . 6 para. 25
( 2 ), sch. 8.
... 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 3 ) sch. 8.
S. 55 ext .
44, ss. 110( 2 ), 111
( 1 ), 112( 2), 113
( 2 ) .
S. 60( 1)(a) am.
S. 60(6 ) am.
S. 61A added (prosp.)
S. 62( 1 ) am.
S. 63(3) subst .
S. 65(1) rep. in pt.
32, s . 10 (1 ), (7).
...
32, s . 10( 2)( a),
( 7 ) .
...
32, s. 8.
32, s . 10( 2)(b)(7).
32, s. 3(1) .
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 4 ), sch. 8.
S. 87(1) rep. in pt.
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 5 ), sch. 8.
S. 96(1 ) rep . in pt . S. 91 (4)(c) rep. in pt.
7, s. 42 ( 2), sch. 8.
7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
sch. 6 para. 25
( 6 ) sch. 8.
S. 100(1) rep . in pt. ... 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch . 6 para. 25
S. 101 subst.
S. 102( 1 ) subst .
S. 102(2)(3 ) am.
S. 102(4) added
S. 116 rep. in pt. (saving )
S. 117( 1) rep . in pt.
( 7 ) sch. 8.
32, s . 5( 1) .
32, s . 10(3)(7) .
32, s . 10(4)(5)(7) .
32, s . 10(6)(7 ) .
32, s. 6.
7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
sch. 6 para. 25
( 8), sch. 8 .
S. 117( 3) am.
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 25(8) .
S. 117(5) rep. in pt.
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 8), sch. 8.
am.
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 25(8).
S. 124(3)(4) rep. , (6 )(8) 7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
rep. in pt. sch. 6 para. 25
( 9), sch. 8.
S. 125(1 ) rep. in pt. , (2) 7, ss. 35, 42(2) ,
rep. , (3) rep. in pt.
sch. 6 para. 25
(10 ), sch. 8.
S. 164(1) rep. in pt .
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 11), sch. 8.
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
S. 212(1 ) rep . in pt. (1.4. 1975) .
S. 224( 1 ) (a)(b) am.
S. 265 rep.
S.I. No. 692.
36, s. 2(1).
clxxxvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
1971:
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
c. 78 -cont. Town and Country S. 265( 1) functions of S.I. No. 692.
Planning Act 1971
Secretary of State for
-cont.
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary
of State for Industry.
S. 271 subst.
S. 273( 1 ) functions of
32, s . 7(1).
S.I. No. 692.
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd. to Secretary of
State for Energy.
S. 276( 1 ) (5) rep. in pt .
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 12 ), sch. 8.
S. 277 replaced
...
32 , s. 1(1).
S. 289 am. (Greater Lon-
xxiv, s. 22.
don ).
Sch. 11 para. 11( 1) rep. in
pt.
7, ss. 35, 42(2),
sch. 6 para. 25
( 14 ), sch. 8.
Sch . 13 subst .
S.I. No. 482.
c. 79 ...
Consolidated Fund ( No. Rep .
31, s. 4, sch. (c).
3 ) Act 1971 .
c . i
..
Glasgow Act 1971... S. 3. rep. ...
S.I. No. 812.
c. vii
Nottingham Act 1971 S. 19 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
c. viii
Berkshire Act 1971 S. 26 rep .
S.I. No. 595.
c. ix ...
Bristol Act 1971
... S. 10 rep.
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
c . xi
Buckinghamshire
Act S. 19 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
1971
c. xiii
Trent, etc. , Water Act
S. 54 transfer of functions S.I. No. 692.
1971 .
to Secretary of State
for Energy.
c. xvi
Cumberland River Act S. 34 transfer of functions S.I. No. 692.
1971.
to Secretary of State
for Energy.
c. xviii
Brit .
Waterways Act S. 3 am . and rep. in pt....
xxiii , s. 36, sch.
1971.
S. 4 am.
..
xxiii, s. 36.
S. 7 am. and rep. in pt....
xxiii, s. 36 , sch.
S. 8 rep.
xxiii, s. 36, sch.
..
S. 17 am. and rep. in pt.
xxiii, s. 36, sch.
Sch. 1 am.
...
xxiii, s . 36.
Sch. 3 rep.
xxiii , s . 36, sch.
c. xix Essex Act 1971 S. 11 гер .
c. xxi S. 3 rep.
...
S.I. No. 595.
Plymouth Act 1971
..
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxix S. 3 rep.
Oldham Act 1971
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxxii S. 104 rep.
Torbay Act 1971
...
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxxvi ... Surrey Act 1971 ...
S. 35 гер.
S.I. No. 595.
c. xxxix.. Lerwick Act 1971 Ss. 7, 9, 11 , 12 am.
xx, s. 7.
c. xli S. 4 rep.
Kesteven Act 1971
...
..
S.I. No. 595.
c. xlvi ..
Hertfordshire Act 1971 ...
S. 7 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
c. 1
Stockport Act 1971
S. 79 rep.
S.I. No. 595.
c. li
Haringey Act 1971
S. 4 гер.
xxiv, s . 21 (8 ) , sch.
2 Pt. IV.
c. liv
S. 73 rep...
S.I. No. 595.
c. lix
S. 6 am.
xxii, s. 15.
c. lxii
c. lxv
c. lxvii
... Cornwall Act 1971
Brit. Transport Docks
Act 1971
London Transport (No.
2 ) Act 1971
Exeter Act 1971 ...
Manchester Act 1971
S. 18 am.
xvii, s. 14 .
S. 26 гер.
S. 3 rep. in pt. , Pt. VI rep.
S.I. No. 595.
S.I. No. 520.
Effect ofLegislation clxxxvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1971 -cont.
c. lxx
Chichester Harbour Con- servancy Act 1971 . S. 30 rep.
7, s. 42, sch. 8.
1972 :
c. 3
... Ministerial and other
Salaries Act 1972. Sch. 1 Pts . I, II, V subst. 21, s. 1 .
c . 4 National Insurance Regu- Rep... 14, s. 8(5), sch. 6.
lations ( Validation)
Act 1972.
c. 5... Local Employment Act
Ss. 8(6 ), 9(1)(c) rep. in pt. S.I. No. 692.
1972.
c . 11 Superannuation Act S. 18(1) гер.
1972.
Sch. 1 am.
... ..
c. 13...
Consolidated Fund Act
1972.
c. 18... Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforce-
ment) Act 1972.
Rep.
4, s. 42(1 ), sch . 5
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 1085.
31 , s. 4, sch. (c) .
c. 20
..
Apptd. day for Pts. I
S.I. No. 517 .
( ss. 1-24 ) (except s. 22
( 2 ) ), III (ss. 40-49), sch.
( 1.4.1974 ).
S. 43(1) rep .... ... 4, s. 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
Road Traffic Act 1972 ... S. 4(3)(a) am, ( d ) added 50, s. 15(1).
S. 22A added
... 50, s. 6.
S. 25(1) am.
... ... 50, s. 24(2), sch.
6para. 12.
S. 36A(3A)(3B ) added
50, s. 24( 2), sch. 6
( prosp. ) .
para. 13.
S. 36B added ( prosp.)
50, s . 7(1).
S. 38(2) replaced
...
50, s . 8(1).
S. 38(4) rep.
...
S.I. No. 2044.
S. 39 am.
S. 40( 1) (gg) added
50, s. 8(2) .
50, s. 9(1 ).
S. 40(2A) added
50, s. 9(2) .
S. 40( 4 ) am.
50, s . 10(7), sch. 2
para. 6.
S. 40(7) rep. in pt . ( prosp. ) 50, s. 24( 3), sch.
7.
S. 47 am.
50, s. 10( 1 ).
S. 47(1)( 2)(4)(5)(8) rep. in 50, ss. 10 (1), 24
pt.
( 3 ), sch. 7.
S. 47(11) am.
50, s . 10(2) .
S. 47(12) (13) rep. in pt....
50, ss . 10(1 ), 24
( 3) , sch. 7.
S. 48 am.
S. 48(3) rep. in pt.
50, s . 10( 1) .
50, ss. 10(1) , 24
( 3 ), sch. 7.
S. 49A added
Ss. 50-83 am.
...
50, s. 10(3) .
50, s. 10(7), sch.
2para. 7.
S. 50( 1 ) am. ( prosp. )
50, s. 10( 4)(7),
sch. 2 para. 8
( 1 ).
S. 50(3)(4)( 6) rep. in pt .... 50, ss. 10(7), 24
( 3) , sch. 2para.
8(2) -(4) , sch. 7.
S. 50(4)(6 ) am.
50, s . 10( 7), sch. 2
para. 8( 3)(4).
S. 51(1) am.
50, s . 10(7) , sch. 2
para. 9(1).
clxxxviii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 20 -cont. Road Traffic Act 1972
-cont.
S. 51 (1 )(3)(5)(a) rep. in 50, ss. 10( 7 ), 24
pt. ( 3), sch. 2 para.
S. 51(5) am.
9, sch. 7.
50, s. 10( 7), sch. 2
para. 9(3) .
S. 52(2) am.
50, s . 10(7), sch. 2
para. 10.
S. 53(1 ) (b), (2) am.
50, s. 24( 2), sch. 6
S. 53(2) rep. in pt .
рага. 14.
50, s . 24 (2)(3 ),
sch. 6 para. 14
( 2), sch. 7.
S. 57(7) (a) am.
50, рага. 15.
) , s . 24( 2), sch. 6
S. 60(1 )(3) (4) am.
...
50, s. 11( 2) - (4).
S. 60A added
...
50, s . 12(1) .
S. 61 (1) am.
50, s . 11( 5 ).
S. 61 ( 1A ) added
50, s . 10( 5).
S. 62( 1 )(2) am.
50, s. 10( 7), sch. 2
рага. 11 .
S. 62(2)(c) rep. in pt.
...
50, ss. 10(7), 24
( 3 ) , sch. 2para .
11( 2 ), sch. 7.
S. 64(2)(4) rep. in pt .
50, ss . 10( 7) , 24
( 3), sch. 2 para.
12 , sch . 7.
S. 65 rep. (prosp. )
...
50, s . 24(2)(3),
sch. 6 para. 16,
sch . 7.
Ss. 68-80, 81 (1 ) rep.
50, ss . 9( 4), 24(3),
( prosp.).
sch. 7.
S. 81 (2) am. (prosp.)
50, s . 9( 3).
S. 82 definitions of-
"hours of darkness" ,
"public passenger
50, ss. 9(4), 24(3 ),
sch. 7.
vehicle" rep . ( prosp. ) .
"vehicle part " added ...
S. 84(4) am. ( prosp.)...
S. 87(1 ) , (3), (4)(i) am.
( prosp. ) , (5) am. , (5A),
(7) added (prosp. ).
S. 87A added ( prosp.)...
S. 88(1 ) am. , (2)(bb)
added ( prosp. ), ( 4) am.
( 4A ) added.
S. 88(5) rep. in pt....
50, ss. 13( 1), 24
( 3 ) , sch. 3 para .
4 ( 4 ), sch. 7.
S. 89(1 )(a) replaced
50, s. 13(1 ), sch . 3
( prosp. ) , (c) , (2) am. ,
para. 5 .
( 4 ) am. (prosp.).
S. 90(1)(b) replaced
( prosp .).
S. 92 numbered as S. 92
(1) and as renumbered,
50 s. 13(1), sch. 3
para. 6.
50 s. 13(1), sch. 3
рага. 7.
am. ( prosp.), (2)(3)
added ( prosp.).
50, s. 10( 7), sch. 2
рага. 13.
50, s. 13(1), sch.
3 para. 1 .
50, s. 13(1 ), sch. 3
para. 2.
50, s. 13(1 ), sch. 3
рага. 3.
50, s. 13(1), sch. 3
para. 4(1 ) - (3) .
Effect ofLegislation clxxxix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 20 -cont. Road Traffic Act 1972
-cont.
S. 94(3A ) added ...
50, s. 24 (1), sch. 6
рага. 17.
Ss . 94A, 94B added
50 s . 13 (1 ) , sch. 3
para. 8 .
S. 98(1 ) am. ( prosp.)...
50, s . 13(1), sch . 3
para. 9 .
S. 101 ( 4) am, ( 4A ) added,
50, s. 13( 1), sch. 3
( 7 ) am. ( prosp.), ( 8)
para. 10.
added.
S. 104( 1 )-(3 ) , (6 )(a) rep.
50, ss. 13(1), 24
inpt.
( 3), sch. 3 paга.
11, sch. 7.
S. 105( 2 ) rep. in pt. 50, ss. 13(1 ), 24
( prosp. ).
( 3 ), sch. 3 para.
12 , sch. 7.
S. 114(3 ) am. , (4) added
50, s . 15(2).
S. 115(1A ) added
...
50, s . 15(3).
S. 115( 4) added... ...
50, s. 24( 2), sch. 6
para. 18.
S. 116(1A), (4) added...
50, s . 15( 4).
S. 144(2)( f) added
...
S.I. No. 168 .
S. 145(2) am.
50, s. 20(1 ) .
S. 160( 1A)(1B) added
50, s. 14 ( 3).
S. 160(4 ) am.
50, s. 14 ( 4) .
S. 160(5)- (7) added...
50, s. 14 ( 5)
S. 161(4) am.... ...
50 , s . 24(2) , sch. 6
para. 19.
S. 162(1)(iii ) am.
...
50, s. 10(6 ) .
rep. in pt.
50, ss. 10(6 ), 24
( 3 ), sch. 7.
S. 166(2 ) am.
...
50, s . 24( 2), sch. 6
para. 20.
S. 168(2)(a) am.
50, s. 24( 2) , sch. 6
para. 21 .
S. 169(2) (b)(3) am.
50, s . 10(7) , sch. 2
para. 14.
S. 170(2 ) am.
50, s. 10(7) , sch . 2
para. 15.
S. 170(5A) added ( prosp.) 50, s . 13(2) .
S. 171 am.
50, s. 10(7), sch . 2
para. 16.
S. 173(2) (b) , (3) am.
...
50, s. 10 (7 ), sch.
2para. 17.
S. 179(3A ) added
..
50, s . 24( 2), sch . 6
para. 22.
S. 182(2A) added
50, s. 13 (3).
S. 184 am.
50, s . 22(b) .
S. 188( 4) rep . in pt.
50, ss. 10(7) , 24
( 3), sch. 2para.
18, sch. 7.
S. 188( 4)(a) am ....
50, s . 10(7), sch. 2
para. 18.
S. 188( 5) гер.
50, s. 24(3), sch. 7
S. 198(2) am. ( prosp.)
50, s. 24( 2), sch. 6
para. 23 .
Sch. 2 rep.
S.I. No. 2044.
CXC Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No. Short title or Subject How affected
of Measure
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 20 -cont. Road Traffic Act 1972
-cont.
c . 21
...
Sch. 4 Pt. I rep. in pt.
( prosp. ). am. ( prosp. )
50, s. 24 ( 3), sch.
7.
50, ss. 7( 2 ), 12(2),
13( 4), 15( 5), 21
( 2 ) - (4), 24(2),
sch . 5 Pts . III,
IV para. 4, sch.
6рага. 24.
Sch. 8 para. 3 rep. ( prosp.) 50, s. 24 ( 3), sch.
7.
Rep. ( prosp. )
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
c. 23
...
Deposit of Poisonous
Waste Act 1972.
Consolidated Fund
( No. 2) Act 1972.
Betting and Gaming
Duties Act 1972.
Rep....
...
31, s. 4, sch. (c ) .
с. 25
...
S. 1 (2)(b) am.
30 , s. 2(1).
S. 7(1 ) am. (except for 30, s. 2( 2).
pool betting ).
Sch. 5 para. 6 гер .
22 , S.L. ( Re-
peals ).
c. 27
...
c. 28
...
Road Traffic (Foreign
Vehicles) Act 1972.
Employment Medical
Advisory Service Act
1972.
Ss. 5, 7( 7 ) rep.... ...
50, s. 24(3), sch.
7.
Ss . 1, 6 rep. ( saving)...
37, ss. 60(5)(6),
83( 2 ), sch. 10.
Ss. 7, 8( 2) rep .
S.I. No. 1941 .
Sch. 1 rep. ( saving)
37, ss . 60(5)(6 ),
83( 2 ), sch. 10.
Sch. 2 rep. in pt.
...
S.I. No. 1941 .
c. 30
Civil Evidence Act 1972 Apptd. days (except for
S.I. Nos. 280,
bkptcy ) in High Ct .
1137.
and Cty Ct.
с.40...
Overseas Investment and S. 3 Transfer of functions
Export Guarantees Act
21 , s. 3( 3), sch. 1
Pt. I.
1972.
c . 41... Finance Act 1972 ... S. 7(8) am.
S. 65(1) rep.
...
30 , s. 5.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 65( 3) rep... ...
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt . VII.
S. 75 restr.
...
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt . II paras .
5 ( 1 ), 7.
saved
...
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. II para. 8 .
ext.
...
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. II paras. 9,
11 , 17 , 25.
S. 75(1) am.
( 1A ) added
( 3 ) - (5) rep....
...
30, s. 19(1)(a) .
30, s . 19(1) (b) .
...
30 , s. 19(1)( c ),
sch. 14 Pt. I.
Ss. 78, 79(2) (a), ( 3)(a) rep. 30, s. 20(1 )(b),
( saving ) .
sch. 14 Pt. II.
S. 84(2) mod....
30, s. 13.
S. 85(6 ) am...
30, s. 40, sch. 7
para. 3( 1) .
saved ...
30, s . 40, sch . 7
para. 4(1).
S. 93( 2) am.
30, s. 10.
restr .
30, s . 26( 2 ).
Effect ofLegislation cxci
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 41-cont . Finance Act 1972 -cont. S. 93(8) rep .
...
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 95(2 ) mod.
30, s. 10( 2).
( 3)(a)(b) am.
30, s. 11 .
( 8 ) am.
...
30, s. 40, sch. 7
рага. 3 ( 2) .
S. 96 mod.
...
30, s. 10( 3) .
( 3 ) am.
... ...
30, s. 40, sch. 7
para. 3( 2).
S. 103(1 )(5) appl.
...
30, s. 37( 2).
S. 112 ( 3) am.
30, s . 32.
S. 113 am.
30, s. 33.
S. 122(3) am.
30, s. 53(2) .
( 3), ( 3)(a) rep. in pt. 30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. V.
S. 123 rep . ... ...
30, s . 28( 2) , sch.
14 Pt. VI.
S. 125(1 )(3) (except para. 30, s. 57, sch. 14
( b ) ) rep.
Pt. III .
Sch. 4 am.
S.I. Nos. 542,
821, 822.
Sch. 6 para. 3( 4) am.
...
30, s. 6( 2).
para. 7( 2) am.
...
30, s. 6( 3).
para. 7( 3)
am .
30, s. 6( 4).
( saving )
para. 7( 4) rep. in
pt. and am.
para. 7(5) rep. in
pt.
Sch. 9 para. 1 am. ( "pro-
tected interest")
am....
30, s. 6(5), sch. 14
Pt. VI.
30, s. 6(6), sch. 14
Pt . VI.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. I para. 1.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. I para. 2.
restr. ...
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. II paras.
4-8.
para. 2 restr....
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. II paras.
4-8.
appl....
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. III para. 23.
paras . 4-5 (Pt. 1 ) 30, s. 19, sch. 1
restr .
Pt. II paras.
4-8.
para. 5 am. ( "pro-
30, s. 19, sch. 1
tected interest ")
Pt. I para. 1 .
para. 5A added
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. para. 3.
paras. 6-9 ( Pt. I ) 30, s. 19, sch. 1
restr.
Pt. II paras.
4-8.
paras . 10, 11-13
30, s. 19, sch. 1
am. ( " protected
Pt. I para. 1 .
interest ")
paras. 14, 15 appl.
para. 15 am. (" pro-
tected interest") .
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. III para. 23 .
30, s . 19, sch. 1
Pt. I para. 1 .
cxcii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 41 -cont. Finance Act 1972 -cont. Sch. 10 para. 7 am....
para. 7( a )( b) re-
placed .
Sch. 11 paras. 2, 4, 9 rep.
Sch. 12 rep. (except
paras. 3, 5-9 of Pt.
VII) .
Sch . 12 Pt. VII paras. 6
( definition of " share
incentive scheme") , 7,
9rep. in pt.
Sch. 16paras. 1( 2 ) am. , 3
added, 5(7) am.
paras . 10(8)(b)(c)
am.
para. 10(8)( d)
added.
para. 11 (1 ) excl.
para. 14A added
Sch . 25 am.
Sch. 27 paras. 1 rep. , 2
rep. in pt. , 3 rep. , 4 (a) -
( d ) rep. in pt.
c. 42 Town and
... Country
Planning ( Amendment )
Act 1972.
Ss. 8, 9 rep.
...
S. 10( 1) am.
S. 12 ( 1) rep. in pt. , ( 2 )
rep. , (3) гep. in pt. ,
schs . 2, 3 rep.
c. 46... Housing ( Financial S. 12( d) rep. in pt.
...
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
sch. 1 Pt. IV
para. 25(2) .
30 , s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. IV para. 25
(1) .
30, s. 51, sch. 14
Pt . I.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. II .
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. II.
30, s. 19, sch. 1
Pt. V para. 26.
30, s. 40, sch. 7
para. 5(a)( b) .
30, s . 40 , sch. 7
para. 5(c ) .
30, s. 40, sch. 7
para. 4( 2).
30 , s. 40, sch. 7
para. 6.
30, s. 51, sch. 12
рага. 12.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. V.
32, s. 13( 2), sch.
32, s. 13(2 ) .
32, s. 13( 2), sch.
45, s . 50(1 )(3),
sch. 3 para.
41( a ), sch. 5.
S. 12 head (ii) am.
45, s. 50(1), sch. 3
para. 41(b) .
head ( iii) rep. in pt. 45, s . 50(1)( 3),
sch. 3 para. 41
( c ), sch. 5.
S. 16(3 )(5) (7) rep. in pt. , 51, ss. 12(1), 16
( 8 ) - ( 10 )rep.
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt.
II.
S. 22 ext.... ...
S. 23(1)(a) am.
51, s. 12( 6 ) .
...
45, s. 50(1 ) , sch. 3
рага. 42.
S. 23(3)(a) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 23(1).
S. 34(2)(c) am.
S. 43 saved...
S.I. No. 2006.
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt . II para. 7(2)
S. 44(1) am....
45, s. 50 (1), sch. 3
para. 43.
Effect ofLegislation cxciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 46 -cont. Housing (Financial S. 52(8) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
Provisions) ( Scotland)
para. 23(2).
Act 1972-cont. S. 52( 9) added...
44, s. 130 , sch. 13
para. 23( 2) .
S. 53(9) am. , (10) added. 44, s. 130 , sch. 13
para. 23( 3 ).
S. 54(1) am....
44, s. 130 , sch. 13
para. 23( 4).
S. 55 excl .
44 , s. 35.
S. 55(12 ) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 23( 4).
S. 61( 2) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 23(5) .
S. 62 saved and appl. 44, s. 18, sch. 3
( mod. ). Pt. III para. 14
( 2 )( c)(d ) .
S. 62(3A ) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 23(6 ) .
S. 63( 2) ext .
44, s. 18 sch. 3
Pt . IIIpara . 14
( 2)(c), (3)(4) .
S. 64 saved and appl. 44, s. 18, sch. 3
( mod. ). Pt. III para. 14
( 2 )( c)( d ) .
S. 66 restr.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 23(7) .
S. 67 saved and appl. 44, s. 18, sch. 3
( mod. ). Pt. III para. 14
( 2 )(c)( d ) .
S. 67(3) saved
..
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. III para. 14
( 8).
S. 83 excl .
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 7
( 3 ) .
S. 84 saved and appl. 44, s. 18, sch. 3
( mod. ). Pt. II para. 8
( 3)( 6).
excl.
...
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 8
( 4 ).
S. 87 ext .
...
44, s. 18, sch. 3
Pt. II para. 8
( 5 )( a) .
Sch. 2 para. 12(1 )(a), (b)
S.I. No. 2019.
am.
para. 12(1)(c) - (e)
S.I. No. 723 .
am.
para. 12 (1A)(1B)
S.I. No. 2019.
added.
para. 17(1 ) am. ,
51, s. 12 (5 ).
( 3 ) - (5) added.
Sch. 3 para. 10( 4 ) subst.
para. 15(1) (g)(ii)
rep. in pt.
Sch. 4 para. 1 (1)(c)(iv )
added.
Sch. 6 para. 13 am....
S.I. No. 723 .
51 , ss. 12 (2 ), 16
( 2 ) , sch . 4 Pt. I.
45, s. 50(1) , sch . 3
para. 44.
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 45.
2N
cxciv Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 :
c. 46 -cont.
c. 47...
Housing ( Financial)
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972-cont.
Housing Finance Act
1972.
Sch. 9 paras. 17-19, 21 45, s. 50(1 )(3),
rep.
sch. 3 para. 46 ,
sch. 5.
S. 11 ( 7 ) rep. in pt. ( prosp.) S. 12(1)(e) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 24.
S. 12(2 ) restr.
Pt. II (ss . 18-26 ) restr.
44 , s. 106 ( 1 ) .
7, s. 1( 4)( b), (5)
( c ).
ext.
Ss. 19( 4), (6), (8A ) rep. in
pt. , (12 ) - (14) rep. , 23
( 1 ) rep. inpt.
S. 23(1) rep. in pt.
51, s. 11( 9).
51, ss. 11(1), 16
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt.
II.
..
51, s. 16(2), sch. 4
Pt. I.
S. 24(10)(11 ) rep. in pt.
..
51, ss. 11(1), 16
( 2 ), sch. 4 Pt.
II.
S. 25(1) am.
rep. in pt.
S. 25( 2) (c), (3 )( c) added...
S. 25(3A) rep. , ( 4) rep. in
pt.
S. 26 saved
S. 26(1 ) definition of
"tenant " para. ( d )
added.
Pt. III (ss . 27-34) ext .
S. 28(1) am.
51, s. 11( 6 ).
51, ss . 11 (2), 16
( 2), sch. 4 Pt. I.
51, s . 11 ( 7 ).
51 , s. 16( 2), sch. 4
Pt. I.
51, s. 11( 9).
51 , s. 11 (8).
44, s. 49(2)(c) .
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 25(1 ) .
S. 28( 4 ) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 25( 2).
S. 33(2) (a) am .
44, s. 130, sch. 13
S. 33(3) am.
para. 26(1 ) .
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 26( 2 ).
S. 34(3) am.
...
44, s. 130 , sch. 13
рага. 27.
S. 36( 1 ) (c) rep. (prosp. ),
2(c ) rep. in pt. ( prosp. ).
S. 38(2 ) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 28.
S. 45(1) am.
S. 72(9) am. , (10) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 29.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 30.
S. 73(7) am. , (8) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 31 .
Ss . 74( 1 ), 75( 12) am. 44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 32.
S. 77(1 ) rep. , (2) rep. 44, s. 130, sch. 15
( prosp. ), (3) rep.
and S.I. No.
1562.
S. 82(2) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 33(1 ).
S. 83 (3A) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 34.
S. 89 гер.
51, s. 16(2), sch. 4
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation CXCV
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 47 -cont. Housing Finance Act S. 90(1A ) added (prosp. )
1972 -cont.
c.150...
Legal Advice and
Assistance Act 1972.
c.152...
Town and Country
Planning
( Scotland )
Act 1972.
44, s. 124(2), sch.
12 para. 1 .
S. 90( 10A)(10B) added,
44, s. 124, sch. 12
( prosp.).
paras. 2, 5.
S. 90 (12) am. ( prosp.) ...
44, s. 124, sch. 12
paras. 3(a)(b),
5 .
S. 90(12A) added ( prosp.) 44, s. 124, sch. 12
paras. 4, 5.
S. 91 (1)(d ) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 35(1 )( 2) .
S. 91A added ( prosp. )
...
44 , s. 124.
S. 92 excl .
44, s. 35.
saved
44, s. 35( 4)(a) .
Sch . 1 Pt. I para. 1(1)( a)
44 , s. 106( 4 ),
sch.
am .
7.
para. 1(1)(d )
44, s. 130, sch. 13
(iii ) rep, in
para. 36, sch.
pt.
15 .
para. 1 (1)(d )
44, s. 130, sch. 13
( v ) added
para. 36.
Pt. II para. 9A
44, s. 016( 4), sch.
added .
7 para. 2.
Part III para. 11
44, s. 106( 4), sch.
am.
7 para. 3.
Sch . 3 Pt. I ext . ...
7, s. 11( 3 ).
para. 12(1)( c) -(e)
S.I. No. 421 .
am.
Sch. 4 Pt. I ext. ...
7, s. 11( 3).
para . 5 ( 1 )-(3 ) am.,
S.I. No. 1076.
( 4 ) added.
para. 10( 4) subst.
S.I. No. 421 .
Sch. 6 paras. 1 (1 ), 2 am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 37.
Sch. 8 para. 9( 2) rep.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
( prosp . )
Sch. 9 para. 2 am.
S.I. No. 595.
paras . 7, 8 rep .
7, s. 42(2) , sch. 8
Rep. ( E)
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt . 1
S. 4( 2) am. , sch. 1 subst. S.I. No. 1197.
( S ).
S. 25(1) rep. in pt....
32, s. 4( 3).
S. 25(1)(aa) added
..
32 , s. 4( 1).
S. 58(1 )(a) am.
32, s. 11 (1), ( 7)
S. 58(6 ) am.
32, s . 11 (2 )( a),
(7 ) .
S. 59A added (prosp.)
32, s. 9
S. 60( 1 ) am.
32, s. 11 ( 2 ) (b) ,
( 7 ).
S. 61 (3) subst .
32, s . 3(2) .
S. 97 subst.
32, s . 5(2) .
S. 98( 1 ) subst.
32, s. 11 (3), (7 ).
S. 98( 2) ( 3) am.
32, s. 11 (4)(5 ) (7 ) .
S. 98(4 ) added
32, s . 11 (6)(7) .
S. 106 rep. in pt. (saving) 32, s. 6
S. 186 am.
45, s . 50(1 ), sch. 3
para. 47.
S. 213 (1 )(a) (b) am.
S.I. No. 692.
S. 252 rep .
36, s. 2(1).
2N *
cxcvi Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972:
c. 52 -cont. Town
and Country S. 252(1 ) functions of S.I. No. 692.
Planning (Scotland)
Secretary of State for
Act 1972-cont.
Trade and Industry
transfd . to Secretary of
State for Industry.
S. 257 subst.
S. 259(1 ) functions of
32, s. 7( 2 ) .
S.I. No. 692.
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd . to Secretary
of State for Energy.
S. 262 replaced ...
S. 275( 1 ) appl .
...
...
Sch. 21 rep. in pt.
Sch. 24 para. 7 appl .
c. 53
Contracts ofEmployment Ss. 4(2)(a), 11 (1) defini-
Act 1972.
tions of " agency shop
agreement " , " approved
32, s. 2(1).
38, s . 6(1).
32, s . 13 (2), sch.
38, s. 6( 4).
52, s. 25(1)(3 ),
sch. 3 para. 16,
sch. 5.
closed shop
agree-
ment" rep.
Sch. 1 appl .
...
c . 56
c . 57
...
Appropriation Act 1972
National Insurance Act
Act 1972.
Rep.
Whole Act rep. by 1975,
c. 18.
S. 4 (2) rep. in pt.
...
S. 8( 4 ) am.
...
c. 58
National Health Service
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
Apptd. day for remain-
ing provisions of Act
( 1.4.1974 ).
Sch. 6 para. 157 rep.
c. 59
...
Administration of Justice
( Scotland ) Act 1972.
S. 3( 3) am.
...
rep. in pt.
...
c . 60... Gas Act 1972
S. 5 rep . ...
S. 17(3)(b) am.
c. 63... Industry Act 1972
S. 26(6 ) functions of
Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry
transfd . to Secretary of
State for Energy.
S. 27(2) (4) rep. in pt.
..
Ss . 29( 8 ) , 35(2 ) functions
of Secretary of State
for Trade and Industry
transfd . to Secretary of
State for Energy.
S. 39(3) am.
S. 6(2) am.
52, s . 1 (2), sch. 1
para. 30(1) .
31 , s. 4, sch. (c).
14 , ss. 6( 5) , 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 17,
sch. 6.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 18.
S.I. No. 145.
37, s . 83(2), sch.
10.
52, s . 25( 1 ), sch. 3
para. 17.
52, s . 25(1 )(3),
sch. 3 para. 17,
sch . 5.
3, s . 47(2), sch. 6.
8, s. 4(1 )( 3 ), sch.
2рага. 3.
S.I. No. 692.
3, s. 47(2), sch. 6.
S.I. No. 692.
S.I. No. 595 .
39, s . 192(3)(a),
( 4 ), sch. 4 Pt. I
para. 33.
Effect ofLegislation cxcvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1972 -cont.
c . 70.. Local Government Act Ext.
(Charlwood and 11, s. 2.
1972 . Horley ).
S. 81 (3A) added...
7, s. 42(1 ) , sch. 7
para. 11 .
Ss. 101 , 110 ext ....
7, s. 25( 4).
S. 111 ext.
...
44, s. 126 ( 1).
S. 131 (2) ( jj) added
44 , s. 43( 6 ).
S. 171 (1 ) rep. in pt.
44, s. 139, sch. 15.
( prosp.).
S. 171 (2) appl. ( prosp. ) ...
40, s . 90(2)(b) .
ext.
...
44, s. 76 ( 6 ).
appl.
...
44, ss. 81( 2), 82
( 6 ) , 94( 3).
S. 180(3)(d)( g)
rep. 40, s . 108, sch. 4.
( prosp . )
S. 203(5) rep. ( prosp. )
...
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
S. 213( 1)(a)(b), (3) rep.
39, s . 192(3)(b),
( prosp. )
sch. 5 Pt. I.
S. 223(1 ) am. ( prosp.)
...
47, s . 89(1 ), sch. 3
para. 9.
S. 233 ext .
44, s. 126( 6 ).
S. 236(2) rep. in pt. 40, s. 108, sch. 4.
( prosp. )
S. 250 appl . ( prosp. )
...
S. 250(1 ) saved
S 250(1 ) - (5) appl. ( mod )
S 250(2)- ( 5 ) ext .
appl .
appl. ( mod.)
( prosp. )
39, s. 161( 4 ).
37, s. 45( 2) .
3, s. 46( 2), sch. 4
para. 2.
37, s. 45( 2) .
3, s 31(1).
40, s. 96( 2) .
S. 259(3) subst .
S. 269 appl.
... ...
appl.
Sch. 13 para. 7(1 ) am . , ( 3)
added.
Sch. 14 paras. 4 rep. in
pt. , 5-8 rep.
( prosp. )
para. 43 rep .
( prosp . )
para . 49 rep .
( prosp . )
Sch. 16 paras. 48, 57 rep .
Sch. 22 para. 24 rep. in
pt. ( prosp. ).
Sch. 24 paras. 11 rep. , 12
rep. in pt.
Sch. 26 para. 10 rep. in
pt .
paras. 12, 13, 18-
23 rep. , 25 rep.
inpt.
7, s. 39.
7, s. 34( 2).
5, s. 6( 4) .
7, s . 42(1 ), sch. 7
para. 12.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
37, s. 82(3), sch.
10.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
32, s . 13(2), sch.
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
7, s. 42(2), sch. 8.
S.I. No. 595 .
S.I. No. 628 .
c. 71... Criminal Justice Act 1972 S. 6 appl .
Pt . II (ss . 25-27) rep .
39, s. 119(2) .
...
23, s . 22(4) , sch.
3.
S. 38 rep.
...
4, s. 42(1 ) , sch . 5
Pt. I.
Sch. 2 rep. , sch. 5 rep. in 23, s. 22(4), sch .
pt . 3.
cxcviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory Instrument
1972 :
c . 71 -cont.
c .xi
c. xxii
C. XXX
c. xlix
c. xxiv
c . 1
Criminal Justice Act 1972 Sch. 5 rep. in pt....
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
-cont.
Pt. I.
... Solihull Act 1972 S. 3 rep. ...
... ...
S.I. No. 595.
Bath Act 1972
S. 5 rep.
.. S.I. No. 595.
Devon Act 1972...
S. 24 rep....
... S.I. No. 595.
... PortTalbot Act 1972 ...
S. 94 rep.
...
... S.I. No. 595.
... Oxford Act 1972
S. 4 rep.
...
... ... ... S.I. No. 595.
... West Sussex Act 1972... S. 70 rep. ... ... S.I. No. 595.
1973:
c . 2
... National Theatre and S. 1(1 ) rep.... 55, s. 2( 2 ) .
Museum of London S. 2 rep. in pt.... ... 55, s. 2 ( 2).
Act 1973 .
c . 5... Housing ( Amendment) S. 1(2) - (4) rep. ( prosp.) ... 44, s. 130, sch. 15.
Act 1973 .
c. 6... Furnished Lettings (Rent
Allowances) Act 1973. Sch. 1 paras. 10, 12 rep.
( prosp. ). paras. 17, 19, 20
rep.
c . 9... Counter-Inflation...
Act Power to am. and rep.
1973 .
Ss. 1 am. , (1 ) am. and rep.
in pt . , (2) rep . in pt. , ( 3)
( 4 ) rep. , (5) rep. in pt. ,
2, 5 am. , 5(1)(4) am.
and rep. in pt .
S. 6 am.
... ..
Ss. 7 rep. , 8 (1) am. and
rep. in pt. , 10, 15 am. ,
17(2) -(4) ( 10)(a)(b) rep. ,
21 am.
S. 21(1) definition of "the
Minister" rep . in pt.
S. 21 (5) am. ( prosp.)...
c . 13
...
Supply ofGoods ( Implied
Terms) Act 1973.
c . 14
...
c. 15...
Costs in Criminal Cases
Act 1973 .
Administration of Justice
Act 1973 .
c . 17...
Northern Ireland
Assembly Act 1973 .
Sch. 1 paras. 1( 4), 2(1)
rep. in pt. , 3(1 ) rep. , 5
( 1) rep. in pt. , 8 am. ,
14 (1), 17 am. , 20, sch. 2
paras. 1 (1), 2(1 ), 5 (1),
6 (1) rep. in pt. , sch. 3
paras. 1( 2 ) rep. in pt. ,
( 3) rep. , (10 ) rep. in
pt. , 2(1 ), 2(2) am. , 3(3)
rep. in pt. , 5( 2)(3)
am. , 6 rep. , 8( 1 ) rep. in
pt. and am. , 8( 2) rep.
Ss. 8-12 reprinted as am.
( prosp. )
Ss. 14, 15 reprinted as
am. ( prosp. )
Sch. 1 para. 2 rep.
( prosp. )
Apptd. day for s. 10
( 1.2.1974 ).
S. 4, sch . 1 para. 9( 2) rep.
( prosp. )
S. 2(3 ) - (5) ext .... ...
S. 3 ext.... ... ...
51, s. 16( 2 ), sch. 4
Pt. II.
51, s. 16( 2), sch. 4
Pt. I.
24, s. 6(1).
S.I. No. 1218 .
24, s. 3(1).
S.I. No. 1218.
S.I. No. 691 .
39, s. 192, sch. 4
Pt. I para. 34.
S.I. No. 1218 .
39, s. 192, sch. 4
рага. 35.
39, s. 192, sch. 4
para. 36.
47, s. 89( 2), sch.
4 .
S.I. No. 43.
47, s. 89( 2 ), sch.
4 .
28, s. 2(8), sch. 2
para. 5.
28, s. 2( 8), sch. 2
рага. 6.
Effect ofLegislation cxcix
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1973 -cont.
c . 19
с . 21
c. 26
c. 28... ... Independent Broad-
casting Authority Act
1973.
... Overseas Pensions Act
S. 2(1 ) am.
S. 26 subst .
S. 27(1) rep. , ( 4)(c) rep. in
pt.
S. 27A added
S. 27B added
Sch . 2A added
Transfer of functions
42 , s. 1.
16, s. 1.
16, s . 4(6 ), sch . 3.
16, s. 2.
...
16, s. 3.
16, s. 1 , sch. 1 .
21 , s. 3 ( 3 ), sch. 1
1973.
Pt. I.
... Land Compensation Act
1973 . S. 29(1) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38(1 )( c).
S. 29(1 )(b) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38(1 )(a) .
S. 29( 1 )(c) am., ( d ) added 44, s. 130, sch. 13
S. 29(3A) added
para. 38(1 )(b).
... 44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38( 2) .
S. 29( 7) am.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38( 3).
rep. inpt.
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38( 3),
sch . 15.
S. 29(7A) added...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 38( 3).
S. 37( 1) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39(1 )( d ) .
S. 37(1)( b) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39(1 )(a).
S. 37(1)(c ) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39(1 )(b).
S. 37(1 )(d ) added...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39(1)(c) .
S. 37( 3) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39(2).
S. 37(3A) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39( 3).
S. 37(9) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 39( 4).
S. 39( 1 )(c) am. , ( d ) added 44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40(1 ).
S. 39(3) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40(2).
S. 39(6 ) am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40 (3).
S. 39(6A) added
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40( 4).
S. 39( 7) am.
S. 39(8A) added
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40( 5).
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40(6).
S. 39( 9) am... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 40( 7).
S. 41 am.
S. 43(1) am.
7, s . 37(6) .
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 41(1).
S. 43( 4 ) am.... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 41 (2).
Rate Rebate Act 1973...
S. 73(2 ) rep.
Rep. ( prosp. )
44, s. 130, sch. 15.
.. ..
...
7, s. 42( 2), sch. 8.
CC Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973cont.
c. 29 Guardianship Act 1973
c. 32 ...
National Health Service
Reorganisation 1973 .
Act
c. 33...
c. 36. c. 37 Northern Ireland
( Emergency Provisions)
Act 1973 .
Northern Ireland Con-
stitution Act 1973 .
Water Act 1973 ...
Apptd. day for Pts. I S.I. No. 695.
( ss. 1-9), III (s. 15 ),
schs. 1-3 (8.5.1974) .
Apptd. day for Pt. II S.I. No. 836.
( ss. 10-14 ) , schs. 4, 5
( 8.5.1974).
S. 9(2 )(a) гер .... ...
4, s. 42(1), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S.I. No. 188 .
Apptd. days for certain
specified provisions .
padd
Apptd. day for s. 50 and
sch. 5 in pt. (1.11.1974).
S. 34 ext .
Sch. 4 para. 137 rep ....
S.I. No. 1191 .
7, s . 33(1).
37, s . 83(2), sch.
10 .
S.I. No. 2162.
Cont. until 25.7.1975
( except ss. 1 , 9, 25-31,
sch. 5 ).
S. 27( 7) ext. ( prosp. )
Sch. 1 ext .
S. 14am. ( prosp. )...
...
28, s. 1(1).
28, s . 2(7).
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 27.
S. 17(1 )- (4) rep. ( prosp.)
S. 24 ( 12 )(aa ) added
( prosp . )
S. 29 expld. ( prosp.)
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 28.
...
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 29.
Ss. 30, 31 ext. ( prosp. )
40, s. 14 (11).
Power to appl. | 40, s. 52(1 ).
( prosp. )
S. 32A added
7, s. 38.
S. 36(3) am. ( prosp. )
40, s. 108, sch. 3.
Sch. 2para. 5 rep. ( prosp. )
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Sch. 5 para. 11 ( 9) rep. in
7, s. 42 , sch. 7
pt.
para. 13 ( 1 ) ,
sch. 8.
para.1 1 (13 ) defini- 7, s. 42(1 ), sch. 7
tions of "the
para. 13(2 ).
appropriate fac-
tor" subst.
"the conclusive 7, s. 42, sch. 7
calculation"
para. 13 ( 2 ),
rep.
sch. 8.
para. 13(1) am.
7, s. 42( 1 ), sch. 7
para. 13( 3).
para. 13(2) rep....
7, s. 42, sch. 7
para. 13 ( 4 ),
sch. 8.
para. 13(3) am....
7, s . 42(1 ), sch . 7
para. 13( 5).
Sch. 6 para. 5(2) (c) am. ,
( cc ) added
Sch. 7 para. 17(2) am.
( prosp. )
Sch. 8 para. 63
( prosp.)
7, s. 42(1 ), sch. 7
para. 14 .
40, s. 108, sch. 3
рага. 30.
rep.
40, s . 108, sch. 4.
Effect ofLegislation cci
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 -cont.
c. 38
... Social Security Act 1973 Apptd. days...
S.I. Nos. 164,
823.
Power to am.
14, s. 6( 1).
Ss. 1-50 (exc. ss. 1 (7) - (9)
and 23(2)-( 6) ) rep. by
1975 с. 18. See now
1975 с. 14.
S. 1(3) am.
...
58, s. 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 2(1) am.
58, s . 1(1)(a ).
S. 2 (6 ) am.
58, s. 1 ( 1)(6 ).
am.
58, s. 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 2(7 ) (a)(b) am.
...
S. 2(7) (c) rep. in pt .
58, s. 1( 2).
...
58, s. 1 ( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 3(1) am.
58, s. 1 (1)(c).
S. 3 (2 ) (c) rep . in pt ...
58, s. 1 ( 4), sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 3( 5 ) am.
S. 4(1) am.... ...
58, s . 1 (1 )(d) .
58, s . 1(1) (e) .
S. 5( 2 ) am.
58, s . 1 (1) ( f) .
S. 5( 5 ) am.
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 5(7) am. ( " income tax 58, s. 3( a).
year") .
S. 5( 9) am .
S. 7 (1) am.
S. 8(6 ) am.
S. 14(2)(3) am.
58, s. 1 (1 )(f ) .
58, s. 2(1).
58, s . 2( 4) .
58, s. 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 15(5)(b) am. (6.4.1975)
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 19.
S. 23( 2) am. (income tax
58, s . 3( a).
year ").
S. 24 (2) (b) (i) am.
( " income tax year") .
S. 26(2) am. (6.4.1975) ... S. 29(c ) am.
S. 30(2)(a) am. ("income
tax year" ) .
S. 35(4) am. (6.4.1975) ...
58, s . 3( a) .
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 20.
58, s . 5( 3) .
58, s. 3( a ).
S. 39(2) (a) (b) replaced
S. 39(3)(a) am.
S. 39(3)(c) added
S. 39(5)(b) am. (6.4.1975)
S. 39(10A) added...
S. 39(14) (a) subst. S. 40(1) am. S. 40 (3) am.
S. 40( 4) am.
am. S. 41(1 ) am. 14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 21 .
14 , s. 5( 6 ).
14, s. 5 (1) .
14, s. 5 ( 3 ).
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 22.
14 , s. 5( 4 ) .
14, s. 5(5 ).
58, s. 5( 4 ).
58, s . 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(5)( a).
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
ccii Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No. Short title or Subject How affected
ofMeasure
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1973:
c. 38 -cont. Social Security Act 1973 Ss. 41 (1)(a), (b), (c), (2) 58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
-cont. ( b ), 42(1) am.
Pt. I.
S. 42(1 ) saved
...
58, s . 2( 2) .
S. 42( 2) am. ( retrosp. )
58, s. 1(4 )( a).
S. 42(2) , (3 ) ext ....
58, s. 2( 3) .
S. 42 ( 4) rep .
58, s. 1 ( 4)(b), sch.
2 Pt. I.
Ss. 43(1 ), (2), 45(1 ) am. ,
( 5 ), added .
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 45(3)(e) am.
58, s. 1( 1 ) .
S. 47( 1 )(2) am. ( 6.4.1975 ) 14 , s . 6( 5 ), sch. 4
para. 23.
S. 47( 2 ) am.... ...
58, s . 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 48(1A ) added (6.4.
1975), (2) am. (6.4.1975 )
S. 48( 2) rep. in pt. ( 6.4.
1975 ) .
14, s. 6( 5 ), sch. 4
para. 24.
14, ss. 6( 5), 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 24
( b ), sch. 6.
S. 48( 4) rep. in pt.
...
58, s . 5(5)(b) , sch.
2 Pt. I.
S. 49(1 ) rep. in pt .
S. 49( 2) am.
58, s . 5(5)(c), sch.
2 Pt. I.
...
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 25.
S. 49( 3)(4) am.
...
58, s . 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 49( 6 ) am.
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 49(6 )(a)(b) am.
S. 49(6 )(c), (7) rep.
S. 49( 8) гер.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(5) , sch. 2
Pt. I.
...
58, s . 5(5) (c), sch.
2Pt. I.
S. 50(1 ) am.
58, s . 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 50(2) rep . in pt.
...
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
Pt. II (s . 53) excl. ( prosp.)
S. 71 (1) rep. in pt.
46, s . 64(2)(b) .
58, s. 4, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 84 rep. by 1975 c. 18.
Ss. 84(1A) added, 84(3),
( 4) , (5) , 88( 1) am.
S. 87 rep. by 1975 c. 18.
S. 88(3) rep.
S. 89(1) am.
S. 89(3 ) (b)(c) am.
S. 90 rep. by 1975 c. 18.
S. 90 am. ( 6.4.1975)
saved (6.4.1975)..
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 26.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 8.
Effect of Legislation cciii
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1973 :
c. 38 -cont. Social Security Act 1973 S. 92( 5 ) am.
-cont.
...
58, s. 5(6 ), sch . 1
Pt. I.
S. 94 rep. by 1975 c. 18.
S. 94(1) rep. in pt. (6.4.
1975).
14, ss. 6(5 ), 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 27
( a ) , sch. 6.
S. 94( 3) subst. (6.4.1975) 14, s. 6( 5) , sch. 4
S. 94(8) rep....
para. 27(b)(c).
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 94( 9)(d) replaced ( 6.4. 14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
1975).
para. 27(b) (c).
S. 95( 5) rep .
58, s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
S. 96(6 ) am.
58, s . 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
rep. in pt.
58, s . 5(5) (d), sch.
2Pt. I.
S. 96(7) am. , ( 8) added...
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
S. 97( 1) am.
S. 97(3) rep. in pt.
58, s. 2( 3) .
58, s. 5(5)(d), sch.
2 Pt. I.
S. 99( 1) definitions of-
"the Industrial Injuries
Act", "the Old Cases
Acts" am . , "benefit",
" beneficiary" , "claim-
ant" , " medical practi-
tioner" added.
S. 99(18) am.
... 58 , s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 28.
Schs. 1-14, 21, 26 and
in pt. schs. 22, 23, гер.
by 1975 c. 18.
Sch. 1 para. 6(1)( j) rep. in
pt . (6.4.1975) .
14 , ss. 6( 5), 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 29,
sch. 6.
Sch. 3 para. 3( 2)(3) am....
S.I. No. 141 .
para. 4( 2 ) am. 58, s . 3( a) .
( "income tax
year") .
para. 5( 4) am. 58, s . 3( c).
( "income tax
year ") .
para. 5(5)(a), 6(2) 58, s. 3(a).
am. ( "income
tax year ") .
para. 7( 2 ) am. 58, s . 3( a ) .
( "income tax
year ") .
Sch. 7 para. 6 rep. in pt. 58 , s. 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
Sch. 8 para. 2 ( a ) am. 58, s . 3( c) .
( "income tax
year").
cciv Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 :
c. 38-cont. Social Security Act 1973 Sch. 8 para. 2( c ) am. ( 6.4.
-cont. 1975), 3(c) (ii )
subst . ( 6.4.
1975) .
Sch. 10 para. 1( 1 ) am...
para. 1 ( 2)(a) am.
( 6.4.1975) .
para. 1 ( 3) subst.
para. 1 (4)(c) гер.
inpt .
paras. 2(4) (c) am.
2A added, 3(1)
replaced .
para. 6 rep. in pt.
para. 7( 1) am....
para. 8(2)(a) гер.
inpt.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
рага. 30.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 31 .
58, s. 5( 6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch . 2
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s. 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
am.
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
paras. 8 (3)(a), 958, s . 5(6), sch. 1
(1), 10(1 ) am. ,
Pt. I.
11 added.
Sch. 12 Pt. II rep. (6.4.
1975) .
para. 12 replaced
( 6.4.1975).
Sch. 13 para. 2 am....
14, ss. 6( 5), 8 (5) ,
sch. 4 para. 32,
sch. 6.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 32.
58, s . 5( 6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(5)(e).
am., (Sec-
retary
ofState )
paras. 3(1) am. ,
5(1A ) added. ,
6, 9 am. , 9A
added. , 11 am. ,
11A added.
paras. 13(a) am. ,
( c ) added, 14
(a ) subst. , (c)
added, 16(c )
am.
Sch. 15 paras. 2(7) added,
12 ( a ) am.
Sch. 22 paras . 1 , 1 ( b),
2-7, 14(a) am.
para. 14(b) subst.
(6.4.1975).
Pt. III para. 15
гер.
58, s. 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt . I.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 33.
58, s. 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 34.
58, s. 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I , sch. 2
Pt. I.
Effect of Legislation CCV
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 :
c. 38 -cont. Social Security Act 1973 Sch . 23 para. 9(3) am.
-cont. ( 6.4.1975).
para. 15(1 ) am.
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 35.
58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
Sch. 25 para. 2(2)(a) am.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 36.
para. 3 subst.
58, s . 5(6), sch . 1
Pt. I.
рага. 4( c ) rep.
58, s . 5(6) , sch . 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt. I.
para. 7 am...
58, s . 5(6), sch. 1
Pt. I.
rep. in pt . 58, s . 5(5)(d), sch.
2, Pt. I.
para. 9 rep ....
58, s . 5(6 ) , sch. 1
Pt. I, sch. 2
Pt . I.
para . 10(bb)
added
paras. 10( f) am . ,
( j) added, 11
( aa ) added.
para. 15(1) am.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 36.
58, s . 5(6) , sch. 1
Pt. I.
c . 41... Fair Trading Act 1973 ... S. 2 ext .
c. 42... National Insurance and
Supplementary Benefit
Act 1973 .
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 36.
am.
para. 15( 3) am..
15(3A ) added
para. 15( 4) rep .
58, s . 2( 3) .
58, s . 5(6 ), sch. 1
Pt. I.
58, ss . 5(6) , 6(3),
sch. 1 Pt. I,
sch. 2 Pt. I.
Sch. 26 para. 2(3) am.
..
14, s . 6(5), sch. 4
para. 37.
Sch. 27 para. 42 am.
58, s . 5(4) .
para. 103 am.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
( 6.4.1975).
para. 145 am.
para. 38 .
58, s . 5( 4) .
Sch. 28 Pt. II column 3 14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
am. (6.4.1975) .
para. 39.
39, s. 1.
S. 12 am.
39, s . 2.
S. 43(1) (a) rep.
4, s . 42(1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
S. 51(3) rep . in pt ....
S. 125(2) am.
S. 138(5) subst. (prosp.) ...
Ss. 1 (1), 2, 3(1), (3), (4)
rep.
S. 4(1 )( 2) am. (6.4.1975).
S.I. No. 691 .
39, s. 5.
39, s. 192, sch . 4
Pt. I, para. 37.
14, s. 8(5), sch. 6.
S. 4( 3) rep. in pt. (1.4.
1975) .
S. 4( 7) am. (1.4.1975 )
S. 5(1) am. (6.4.1975)...
Ss . 7, 8(1 ) rep. in pt. , schs .
1-3 rep.
14, s. 6( 5), sch. 4
para. 40(a)(b).
14, ss. 6(5), 8 (5),
sch. 4 para. 40
(c ), sch. 6.
14, s. 6(5), sch. 4
para. 40( d) .
14, s. 6( 5), sch . 4
para. 41 .
14, s. 8( 5), sch. 6.
ccvi Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 -cont.
c. 48 Pakistan Act 1973
...
c. 50...
с. 51 Finance Act 1973
Ss. 1 ( 1 ), 3(5)(a) rep .
S. 3(5) (c) , (5A) added
S. 3(6 ) am.
Ss. 4( 2) rep. , ( 4 ) rep. in
pt. , 5(2), sch. 4 rep.
Employment and Train- Apptd. day for certain
ingAct 1973 .
specified provisions
( 1.4.1974 ).
( 1.10.1974 )
S. 7(3)(4) Power to am.
Sch. 3 para. 14 гер .
S. 3 rep.
34 , s. 2( 2).
34, s. 1.
34, s. 2(1) .
34, s. 2( 2) .
S.I. No. 398.
...
S.I. No. 1463.
37, s . 60 ( 3) .
37, s.83 (2), sch.10.
30, s . 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S.10 am . (retrosp. )
S. 12(1) rep .
30, s. 8 .
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. VI.
S. 17(3)(e) added
...
30, s. 40, sch. 7
para. 8.
Ss. 19 rep. in pt. , 20 rep.
S. 26(2) -(4) ext . (mod.)
S. 53(5)(a) гер .
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. II.
... 30, s. 30( 2) .
...
30, s . 22(3 ) , sch.
14Pt. VI.
S. 59( 2) am.
30, s. 7( 2).
Sch. 1 am.
...
..
Sch. 2 am.
30, s. 1(1)( 2 ) .
..
30, s. 1 ( 3).
Sch. 3 am.
..
30 , s. 1( 4 ).
Sch. 4 am.
30, s. 1( 5 ).
Sch. 5 am. ... 30, s. 1(6 ).
Sch . 8 para. 1 (b ) subst .... 30, s. 20 (2).
para. 5 rep. in pt.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. II.
para. 7 rep. in pt.
30, ss . 20(1 )(c), 57,
( saving )
sch. 14 Pt. II.
paras. 8-34 гер.
30, s. 57, sch. 14
Pt. II .
c. 52 ...
Sch. 12 para. 1 (5) excl....
S. 2 saved
30, s. 44(1) .
...
38, s. 18, sch. 6
para. 3.
c. 53...
Prescription and Limita-
tion (Scotland) Act
1973.
Northern Ireland
( EmergencyProvisions)
Act 1973 .
c. 56
Land Compensation
( Scotland ) Act 1973 .
S. 10 saved
...
56 , s. 7(5 ).
Sch . 2 rep. in pt.
S.I. No. 864.
Tempy. provisions cont. S.I. No. 2162.
( 25.7.75) .
S. 27(1 ) am.... ... 44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 42(1 )(b).
S. 27( 1 )(c) am. , (d ) added 44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 42(1)( a).
S. 27(3A) added...
...
44 , s. 130, sch. 13
para. 42( 2).
S. 27(7) rep. in pt....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага . 42 ( 3) ,
sch. 15.
S. 27(7) (b) rep. in pt .
...
45, s. 50(1)(3),
sch . 3 paга.
48, sch. 5.
S. 27(7) (d) added
...
45, s . 50(1) , sch. 3
para. 48.
S. 27(7A) added
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 42 (3).
Effect of Legislation ccvii
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory Instrument
1973 -cont.
c.56
Land Compensation S. 34(1) am.
( Scotland ) Act 1973
-cont.
.. ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
paras . 42( 1 ) (b),
43(1)(c ).
...
S. 34(1 )(c ) am.... S. 34( 1)(d) added...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para . 43(1) ( a).
44 , s . 130 , sch. 13
S. 34( 2 ) am.... ...
para. 43(1 )(b).
45, s. 50( 1 ), sch. 3
para. 49.
S. 34 ( 3) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 43(2) .
S. 34(3A) added
...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 43( 3).
S. 34 ( 8) am.
S. 36(1)(c) am.
44 , s. 130 , sch. 13
para. 43( 4).
... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 44(1 ) .
S. 36 ( 3) am.
... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 44(2) .
S. 36( 6 ) am.
... ...
44, s. 130 , sch. 13
para. 44( 3).
S. 36( 9) am.
... ...
44, s. 130, sch. 13
рага. 44( 4 ) .
S. 38(6 ) am.
45, s. 50(1 ), sch.
3para. 50.
S. 40 (1) am....
44, s. 130, sch . 13
para. 45(1 ).
S. 40 ( 4 ) am....
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para . 45( 2) .
S. 69( 1 )(3) am.... 45, s. 50(1 ) , sch. 3
para. 51 .
c. 58... Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973 . Rep. ( except ss. 50, 51, 54
49, s. 88( 2), sch.
( 1), 56, 57(1), sch. 1
2 .
paras. 15-17, schs . 3-5)
c .60... Breeding of Dogs Act S. 4 rep. ...
1973.
c.62...
S. 5(2) definition of "local
authority" am.
Powers of Criminal| Apptd. day for s. 6 (3)(b),
Courts Act 1973. (6 )(b) , ( 10) (1.7.1974) .
S. 13 excl .... ...
7, s. 42, sch. 7
para. 15(1 ), sch
8.
7, s. 42 (1), sch. 7
para. 15(2).
S.I. No. 941.
c.64... Maplin Development Act
1973 .
c. 65... Local Government
( Scotland ) Act 1973.
47 , s. 43( 7 ).
53, s. 1( 4) .
Sch. 5 para. 9 rep....
47, s. 89(2), sch.
4 .
paras . 23-25 rep. 4, s. 42( 1 ), sch. 5
Pt. I.
рага. 48 гер.
23, s . 22( 4), sch.
3.
S. 14(3)(b) am.... ...
8, s. 4(1 )(3) , sch.
2para. 10.
Sch. 2 para. 2(1) rep. in 37, s. 83( 2), sch.
pt. ( prosp. ).
10.
S. 70 appl.... ...
45, s. 26(2).
S. 73 ext .
45, s. 32(b).
S. 121 (1) rep. in pt....
45, s. 50(3), sch.
5 .
S. 121 ( 2) ext.... ...
45, ss. 6(3), 8 (2)
( b ), 24(6) .
appl . ( prosp. ) ... | 40, s. 90(2)(b) .
ccviii Effect ofLegislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
ofMeasure or
Statutory
Instrument
1973 -cont.
c. 65
.. Local Government S. 131( 3) rep. ( prosp. )
...
( Scotland ) Act 1973
-cont.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
para. 46 (1),
sch. 15.
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
Ss. 135(3) rep. in pt. , 136 rep. ( prosp. )
S. 210 ext .
37, s. 45(12) .
S. 210(2)-(8) appl. ( mod .)
40, s. 96( 3).
( prosp. )
S. 211 saved ( prosp.)
40, s. 37( 2) .
Sch. 12 para . 6 am.
44, s. 130, sch. 13
( prosp. )
para. 46(2).
para. 11 rep . 44, s. 130, sch. 13
( prosp. )
para. 46 ( 2 ) ,
sch. 15.
Sch. 16 paras . 7-9, sch. 38
40, s. 108, sch. 4.
para. 69 rep. ( prosp. )
Sch. 23 para. 15 rep ....
32, s. 13(2) , sch .
Sch. 27 para. 96 rep.
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch. 5 Pt. I.
am.
Sch. 28 para. 1
( prosp. )
Sch. 29 rep. in pt....
40, s. 108, sch. 3
para. 31 .
39, s . 192(3)(b),
sch . 5 Pt. I.
rep. in pt.
32, s . 13 (2), sch.
c. 67 Fuel and Electricity ( Con- Ss. 1-8 cont. until 30.11. S.I. Nos. 1893,
trol) Act 1973. 1975.
1897.
am.
c. i
c. vii Glamorgan Act 1973... S. 125 rep .
Lerwick Act 1973 S. 4 am. ...
Ss. 24, 25 am.
S. 4 am.
32, s . 4( 3) .
S.I. No. 595.
xx, s. 4, sch .
xx, s. 18, sch.
xxii, s. 18.
c. xiii Brit. Transport Docks
Act 1973 .
c. xxxii Tyneside Met. Railway S. 10 trans. of functions
Act 1973 to Secretary of State
S.I. No. 692.
for Energy.
c. xxxvi ... N. Wales Hydro Electric Ss. 21, 49 trans . of func- S.I. No. 692.
Act 1973 . tions to Secretary of
State for Energy.
1974 :
c. 3
Slaughterhouses
1974.
Act S. 18(1) rep. in pt. , (3) - (5) 7, ss. 35, 42(2),
rep.
sch. 6 para. 26
( 1 ), sch. 8.
S. 40(9) am....
7, s. 35, sch. 6
para. 26(2) .
7, s. 42(2) , sch. 8.
S.I. No. 709.
c. 4
Sch. 3 paras . 3, 6 rep.
Legal Aid Act 1974
Apptd. day for sch. 1
Pt. I para. 3(e) (8.5 .
1974 ).
Sch. 4 para. 1 rep. ( prosp.)
c. 7
Local Government Act
Apptd. days for certain
26, s. 19( 5)(7),
sch . 3 Pt. II.
S.I. No. 335.
1974.
specified provisions .
c. 8
Statutory Corporations tutorial Provisions)
S. 5(1) rep. in pt...
21 , s. 4(3) , sch. 3 .
Act 1974.
c. 9..
Pensions (Increase ) Act
1974.
Transfer of functions, s. 4 S.I. No. 1264.
( 1 ) am.
Session and
Chap. or No.
ofMeasure
Short title or Subject Effect ofLegislation ccix
How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1974 -cont.
c . 14...
National Insurance Act Apptd. days for whole S.I. No. 841 .
1974. Act not later than 6.4.
1975.
c. 26 ... Solicitors ( Amendment) Rep.... ... ... 47, s. 89( 2), sch.
Act 1974. 4 .
c. 33 ... Northern Ireland
S. 1. Power to cont., rep.
( Young Persons) Act
and revive. 33, s. 3.
1974.
Cont. until 25.7.1975
S.I. No. 2162.
c . 37 ... Health and Safety at
Apptd. days for certain
S.I. No. 1439.
Work etc. Act 1974. specified provisions
not later than 1.4.1975.
c. 39... Consumer Credit Act Ss. 8( 2), 15(1 )(c), 17(1) , 39, s. 181 .
1974. 43(3 )(a) , 70(6 ), 75(3 )(b),
77(1 ), 78(1 ) , 79(1), 84
(1 ), 101 (7)(a), 107(1 ),
108( 1), 109(1), 110(1),
118(1)(b ) , 120(1)(a ) ,
139(5)(7) , 155(1 ), 158
(1 ) Power to amend.
с .40...
Control of Pollution Act Apptd. day for s. 109 S.I. No. 2039.
1974. (U.K.), ss . 104, 105
( E.W.&S.) , ss. 43, 44,
95, 107, sch. 3 para. 27
and s . 108(1), in pt.
(EW) ( 12.12.1974).
Apptd. day for sch. 4 S.I. No. 2169.
paras. 1-4 , s. 108( 1 )(2)
in pt. (1.1.1975) .
S. 78(2) subst.
c . 43 ...
Merchant Shipping Act Apptd. day for ss. 3, 10 ,
S.I. No. 2170.
S.I. No. 1792.
1974.
11, Pt. IV (ss. 16, 17),
sch. 2 paras. 1 , 2, 5, 6,
sch. 5, ss . 18-23, 24
(except (4) ( 1.11.1974) .
с .44... Housing Act 1974
Apptd. day for ss. 2, 13, S.I. No. 1406.
14, 117, 127-129, 130
( 2), 131 , sch. 2, sch. 13
paras . 8 , 38-45 and in
pt. s . 130(1) and (4)
( 20.8.1974) , sch. 9 ( 31.
8.1974 ).
Apptd. day for certain
specified provisions-
( 18.9.1974)
... S.I. No. 1562....
( 2.12.1974)
S.I. No. 1791 .
c. 45...
Housing (Scotland ) Act Apptd. day for whole Act
1974 .
(except in so far as
S.I. No. 1755.
otherwise provided)
( 27.11.1974 ).
c. 50 Road Traffic Act 1974
Apptd. day for certain S.I. No. 2075 .
specified provisions
( 1.1.1975) and s. 8
( E.W.), S. 20( 1)(3)
( G.B.), schs . 3 , 6 in pt.
( 1.3.1975 ) .
S. 8 (2) (a)( c) rep.
c . 51 Rent Act 1974
Apptd. day for s. 11(1) S.I. No. 2044.
S.I. No. 1442.
( 30.9.1974) .Apptd. day for s. 12(1) S.I. No. 1483.
( 28.9.1974).
CCX Effect of Legislation
Session and
Chap. or No.
of Measure Short title or Subject How affected
Chapter of 1974
Act or number
of Measure or
Statutory
Instrument
1974 -cont.
c. 52
c. 58
c. xxiv...
Trade Union and Labour
Relations Act 1974.
... Social Security Amdt.
Act 1974.
G.L.C. (Gen. Powers) Act
1974.
Apptd. day for whole Act S.I. No. 1385.
( except ss. 1(3), 21-23)
( 16.9.1974) .
Whole Act rep. by 1975
c. 18.
Ss. 9-11 rep. (31.12.1979) xxiv, s. 8.
1581 :
c. 2
1592:
c. 9
1597:
c. 17
1617 ;
c. 19
1663:
с. 31
1695:
c. 54
...
PRE UNION ACTS OF THE PARLIAMENTS OF SCOTLAND
Stipends Act 1581 [1581 Rep.
c. 100 ] .
...
..
Deposition of Ministers Rep.
Act 1592 [ 1592 с. 117 ] .
..
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
38, s. 15.
Feu -duty Act 1597 [ 1597 Am.
c. 250].
...
Dovecotes Act 1617 [ 1617 c. 19 ].
Rep.
Manses Act 1663 [1663 Rep.
c. 21] .
Soil Preservation Act Rep.
1695 [ 1695 с. 30] .
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, 22 S.L. (Re-
peals ).
22, S.L. (Re-
peals ).
INDEX
TO THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
AND
GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES 1974
A
ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.
Consolidation Acts. See INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT ( c. 49 ); FRIENDLY
SOCIETIES ACT ( c. 46 ) ; JURIES ACT (c. 23) ; LEGAL AID ACT (c. 4) ;
SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT ( c. 3) ; SOLICITORS ACT (c. 47 ).
ANIMALS. See RABIES ACT ( c. 17 ); SLAUGHTERHOUSES Aст ( с. 3).
APPROPRIATION ACT (c. 2) (appropriating the supplies granted up to 31.3.1974)
I, p. 3
APPROPRIATION (No. 2 ) ACT ( c. 31) ( making grants out of the Consolidated
Fund for service of the years ending 31st March 1973 and 1975 : appro-
priation of sums granted)... .. I, p. 541
ARREST. Powers of , under-
Policing of Airports Act ( c. 41 , s. 3)... ... ... ... II, p. 1099
ATTORNEY GENERAL. Institution of proceedings with consent of , under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s . 2( 1))
...
I, p. 122
Legal Aid Act (c. 4, s . 22( 4))
... .. ..
I, p. 91
B
BARRISTER. See LEGAL AID ACT (c. 4 ) .
BEER, duties on. See FINANCE Аст (с. 30 ) .
BETTING, increase of duties on. See FINANCE АСТ (с. 30 ).
BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS Act: c. 6...
.. .. I, p. 122
§ 1. Restriction on development etc. of certain biological agents and toxins and
of biological weapons, I, p. 122.
2. Prosecution of offences , I, p. 122.
3. Offences by bodies corporate, I, p. 123.
4 . Powers to search and obtain evidence, I, p. 123.
5. Amendment of Army, Air Force and Naval Discipline Acts, I, p. 124.
6. Extent, I, p. 124.
7. Short title, I, p. 124.
BRITISH WINE, duties on.
See FINANCE Аст (с. 30) .
BYELAWS. As to-
Designated airports (c. 41, s. 4 )
Slaughterhouses and knackers' yards ( c. 3, s. 12 )
... ... II, p. 1100
I, p. 45
C
CAPITAL GAINS TAX. See FINANCE ACT (c. 30, Pts . II, III, schs. 1-8, 10) .
20
ccxii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
CARRIAGE OF PASSENGERS BY ROAD ACT: c. 35... ... ... I, p. 625
§ 1 , and schedule. Convention to have force of law, I, pp. 625, 631 .
2 , and schedule. Designation of Contracting States, I, pp. 625, 631 .
3, and Schedule. Liability of carrier for death or personal injury, I, pp. 626, 631.
4. Power of court to take account of other proceedings, I, p. 626.
5. Registration of foreign judgments, I, p. 626.
6. Actions against Contracting States, I , p. 627.
7. Resolution of conflicts between conventions on carriage of passengers, I, p. 627.
8. Amendments consequential on revision of Convention, I, p. 627.
9. Application to British possessions, etc., I, p. 628.
10. Application to Scotland, I, p. 628.
11. Application to Northern Ireland, I, p. 629.
12. Orders in Council, I, p. 629.
13. Application to Crown, I, p. 629.
14. Short title, interpretation and commencement, I, p . 629.
SCHEDULE. Convention on the Contract for the International Carriage of Passen-
gers and Luggage by Road, I, p. 631 .
CATTLE INSURANCE SOCIETIES . See FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT ( c. 46, s. 7(1 )(b)) .
CHANNEL ISLANDS. Application to, under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s . 6(2)).. I , p. 124
Carriage of Passengers by Road Act ( c. 35, s. 9(b))... ... I, p. 628
Dumping at Sea Act (c. 20, s. 15(3))... ... ... I , p. 294
Friendly Societies Act ( c. 46, ss. 113, 117( 3))... ... II, pp. 1450, 1452
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act ( c. 16, s. 4(3) )... I, p. 269
Independent Broadcasting Authority (No. 2 ) Act (c. 42, s. 2( 3) ) II, p. 1106
Pensions (Increase) Act (c. s. 6(2)(b))... ..
...
I, p. 225
Statute Law (Repeals) Act ( c. 22, s . 3( 2))...
... I, p. 302
CHARLWOOD AND HORLEY ACT: c. 11... ... ... ...
I , p. 230
§ 1. Transfer of parts of new parishes of Charlwood and Horley to Surrey, I , p. 230.
2. Supplementary, I, p. 232.
3. Short title, I, p. 233 .
CHURCH OF ENGLAND (WORSHIP AND DOCTRINE) MEASURE NO. 3 II, p. 1885
§ 1. Provision by Canon for worship in the Church of England, II, p. 1885.
2. Assent or subscription to doctrine, II, p. 1887.
3. Majorities required for final approval of Canons under section 1 or 2 and
things done thereunder, II, p. 1887.
4. Safeguarding of doctrine, II, p. 1887.
5. Interpretation, II, p. 1888.
6 , and schedules 1 , 2, 3. Amendments, repeals, transitional provisions and savings ,
II, pp. 1889, 1890, 1891.
7. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1889.
Schedule 1. Consequential Amendments, II, p. 1890.
Schedule 2. Acts and Measures Repealed, II, p. 1890.
Schedule 3. Transitional Provisions and Savings, II, p. 1891 .
CHURCH OF ENGLAND. See Church of England ( Worship and Doctrine)
Measure ( No. 3) ; Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction ( Amendment) Measure ( No. 2) ;
Synodical Government (Amendment) Measure (No. 1).
CHURCH OF SCOTLAND. See LORD HIGH COMMISSIONER (CHURCH OF SCOTLAND)
Act (c. 19 ).
COLONIES. Application to, under-
Biological Weapons Act ( c. 6, s. 6(2)) Carriage of Passengers by Road Act (c. 35, s . 9(c))... Dumping at Sea Act ( c. 20, s. 15(3))... ... ...
...
I , p. 124...
I , p. 628
I , p. 294
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
CONSOLIDATED FUND Aст : с. 1... ... ... ... ...
CONSOLIDATED FUND (No. 2) Аст: с. 12... ... ... ...
CONSOLIDATED FUND (No. 3) Аст : с. 15... ... ... ...
CONSOLIDATED FUND (No. 4 ) Аст: с. 57... ... ...
CONSUMER CREDIT ACT: с. 39... ... ... ... ...
PART I. -DIRECTOR GENERAL OF FAIR TRADING
§ 1. General functions of Director, I, p. 785.
2. Powers of Secretary of State, I , p . 786.
3. Supervision by Council on Tribunals, I , p. 787.
4. Dissemination of information and advice, I, p. 787 .
5.
Annual and other Reports, I, p. 787.
6. Formetc. of applications, I , p. 787.
7. Penalty for false information, I, p. 788.
PART II . -CREDIT AGREEMENTS, HIRE AGREEMENTS AND LINKED TRANSACTIONS
8. Consumer credit agreements, I, p. 788.
9. Meaning of credit, I, p. 788.
10. Running- account credit and fixed-sum credit, I, p. 788 .
11 . Restricted-use credit and unrestricted- use credit, I, p. 789.
12. Debtor-creditor-supplier agreements, I, p. 790.
13. Debtor-creditor agreements, I, p. 790.
14. Credit-token agreements, I, p. 790.
15. Consumer hire agreements, I, p. 791 .
16. Exempt agreements, I, p. 791 .
17. Small agreements, I, p. 793 .
18. Multiple agreements, I, p. 794.
19. Linked transactions, I, p. 794.
20. Total charge for credit, I, p. 795.
PART III . -LICENSING OF CREDIT AND HIRE BUSINESSES
Licensing principles
21. Businesses needing a licence, I, p. 796.
22. Standard and group licences, I, p. 796.
23. Authorisation of specific activities, I, p. 797.
24. Control of name of business, I, p. 797.
25. Licensee to be a fit person, I, p. 797.
26. Conduct of business, I, p. 798.
Issue of licences
27. Determination of applications, I, p. 798 .
28. Exclusion from group licence, I, p. 798.
Renewal, variation, suspension and revocation of licences
29. Renewal, I, p. 799.
30. Variation by request, I, p . 799.
31. 32. Compulsory variation, I, p. 800.
Suspension and revocation, I, p. 801 .
33. Application to end suspension, I, p. 802.
Miscellaneous
34. Representations to Director, I, p. 802.
35. The register, I, p. 803.
36. Duty to notify changes, I, p. 803 .
37. Death, bankruptcy etc. of licences, I, p. 804.
38. Application of s. 37 to Scotland and Northern Ireland, I, p. 805.
39. Offences against Part III, I, p. 805.
40. Enforcement of agreements made by unlicensed trader, I, p. 805.
41. Appeals to Secretary of State under Part III, I, p. 806.
42. Further appeal on point of law, I, p. 807.
PART IV. -SEEKING BUSINESS
Advertising
43. 44. Advertisements to which Part IV applies, I, p. 808.
Form and content of advertisements , I, p. 809.
ccxiii
I, p. 1
I, p. 234
I , p. 263
II, p. 1837
I, p. 785
ccxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
CONSUMER CREDIT ACT : -continued
PART IV. continued
45. 46. Prohibition of advertisement where goods etc. not sold for cash, I, p. 809.
False or misleading advertisements, I, p. 809 .
47. Advertising infringements , I, p. 809 .
Canvassing etc.
48. Definition of canvassing off trade premises (regulated agreements.) , I, p. 810.
49. Prohibition of canvassing debtor-creditor agreements off trade premises,
I, p. 810.
50. 51. Circulars to minors, I, p. 811 .
Prohibition of unsolicited credit-tokens, I, p. 811 .
Miscellaneous
52. Quotations, I, p. 812.
53. Duty to display information, I, p. 812.
54. Conduct of business regulations, I, p. 812.
PART V.-ENTRY INTO CREDIT OR HIRE AGREEMENTS
Preliminary matters
55. Disclosure of information, I, p. 812.
56. Antecedent negotiations, I, p. 812.
57. Withdrawal from prospective agreement, I, p. 813 .
58. Opportunity for withdrawal from prospective land mortgage, I, p. 814 .
59. Agreement to enter future agreement void, I, p. 814.
Making the agreement
60. 61. Form and content of agreements, I, p. 814.
Signing of agreement, I, p. 815.
62. 63. Duty to supply copy of unexecuted agreement, I, p. 816.
Duty to supply copy of executed agreement, I, p. 816.
64. Duty to give notice of cancellation rights, I, p. 817.
65. Consequences of improper execution, I, p. 818.
66. Acceptance of credit-tokens, I, p. 818.
Cancellation of certain agreements within cooling- off period
67. Cancellable agreements, I, p. 818 .
68. Cooling- off period, I, p. 818.
69. Notice of cancellation, I, p. 819.
70. Cancellation : recovery of money paid by debtor or hirer, I, p. 820.
71. Cancellation : repayment of credit, I , p. 821 .
72. Cancellation : return of goods, I, p. 822.
73. Cancellation : goods given in part- exchange, I, p. 823.
Exclusion of certain agreements from Part V
74. Exclusion of certain agreements from Part V, I, p. 824.
PART VI. -MATTERS ARISING DURING CURRENCY OF CREDIT OR HIRE AGREEMENTS
75. Liability of creditor for breaches by supplier, I, p. 825 .
76. Duty to give notice before taking certain action, I, p. 826.
77. Duty to give information to debtor under fixed- sum credit agreement, I, p. 826.
78. Duty to give information to debtor under running- account credit agreement,
I, p. 827.
79. Duty to give hirer information, I, p. 828.
80. Debtor or hirer to give information about goods, I, p. 829.
81. Appropriation of payments, I, p. 829.
82. Variation of agreements, I, p. 830.
83. Liability for misuse of credit facilities , I, p. 830.
84. Misuse of credit- tokens , I, p. 831 .
85. Duty on issue of new credit- tokens, I, p. 831 .
86. Death of debtor or hirer, I, p. 832.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
CCXV
CONSUMER CREDIT ACT :-continued
PART VII . DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
Default notices
87. Need for default notice, I, p. 833 .
88. Contents and effect of default notice, I, p. 833.
89. Compliance with default notice, I, p. 834.
Further restriction of remedies for default
90. Retaking of protected hire- purchase etc. goods, I, p. 834.
91. Consequences of breach of s . 90, I, p. 835 .
92. Recovery of possession of goods or land, I, p. 835.
93. Interest not to be increased on default, I, p. 835.
Early payment by debtor
94. Right to complete payments ahead of time, I, p. 836.
95. Rebate on early settlement, I, p. 836.
96. Effect on linked transactions , I, p. 836.
97. Duty to give information, I, p. 836.
Termination of agreements
98. Duty to give notice of termination (non-default cases), I, p. 837.
99. Right to terminate hire-purchase etc. agreements , I , p. 837.
100. Liability of debtor on termination of hire- purchase etc. agreement, I, p. 838 .
101. Right to terminate hire agreement, I, p. 839.
102. Agency for receiving notice of rescission , I, p. 840.
103. Termination statements, I , p. 840.
104. Goods not to be treated as subject to landlord's hypothec in Scotland, I, p. 841 .
PART VIII. -SECURITY
General
105. 106. 107. 108. Form and content of securities, I, p. 841 .
Ineffective securities, I, p. 843.
Duty to give information to surety under fixed- sum credit agreement, I, p. 843.
Duty to give information to surety under running-account credit agreement,
I, p. 844.
109. Duty to give information to surety under consumer hire agreement, I, p. 845 .
110. Duty to give information to debtor or hirer, I, I , p. 846.
111. Duty to give surety copy of default etc. notice, I, p. 846.
112. Realisation of securities, I, p. 846.
113. Act not to be evaded by use of security, I, p. 847.
Pledges
114. Pawn- receipts, I, p. 848.
115. Penalty for failure to supply copies of pledge agreement etc. , I, p. 848.
116. Redemption period, I , p. 848.
117. Redemption procedure, I, p. 849.
118. Loss etc. of pawn- receipt, I, p. 849.
119. Unreasonable refusal to deliver pawn, I, p. 849.
120. Consequence of failure to redeem, I, p. 850.
121. Realisation of pawn, I, p. 850.
122. Order in Scotland to deliver pawn, I, p. 851 .
Negotiable instruments
123. Restrictions on taking and negotiating instruments, I, p. 851 .
124. Consequences of breach of s . 123. I, p . 852.
125. Holders in due course, I, p. 852.
Land mortgages
126. Enforcement of land mortgages, I, p. 852.
PART IX. JUDICIAL CONTROL
Enforcement of certain regulated agreements and securities
127. Enforcement orders in cases of infringement , I, p. 853.
128. Enforcement orders on death of debtor or hirer, I, p. 854.
ccxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
CONSUMER CREDIT ACT : -continued
PART IX. -continued
Extension of time
129. 130. Time orders, I, p. 854.
Supplemental provisions about time orders, I, p. 854.
Protection ofproperty pending proceedings
131. Protection orders, I, p. 855.
Hire and hire-purchase etc. agreements
132. 133. 134. Financial relief for hirer, I, p. 855.
Hire-purchase etc. agreements : special powers of court, I, p. 856.
Evidence of adverse detention in hire purchase etc. cases, I, p. 857.
Supplemental provisions as to orders
135. 136. Power to impose conditions, or suspend operation of order, I, p. 858.
Power to vary agreements and securities, I, p. 858.
Extortionate credit bargains
137. Extortionate credit bargains, I, p. 858.
138. When bargains are extortionate, I, p. 859.
139. Reopening of extortionate agreements, I, p. 859.
140. Interpretation of sections 137 to 139 , I, p. 861 .
Miscellaneous
141. Jurisdiction and parties , I, p. 861 .
142. Power to declare rights of parties, I, p. 861 .
Northern Ireland
143. 144. Jurisdiction of county court in Northern Ireland, I, p. 862.
Appeal from county court in Northern Ireland , 1, p. 862.
PART X.-ANCILLARY CREDIT BUSINESSES
Definitions
145. 146. Types of ancillary credit business, I, p. 863.
Exceptions from section 145, I, p. 864.
Licensing
147. Application of Part III, I, p. 865.
148. Agreement for services of unlicensed trader, I, p. 865.
149. Regulated agreements made on introductions by unlicensed credit- broker,
I , p. 866.
150. Appeals to Secretary of State against licensing decisions, I, p. 867.
Seeking business
151. Advertisements, I, p. 868.
152. Application of sections 52 to 54 to credit brokerage etc., I, p. 868.
153. Definition of canvassing off trade premises (agreements for ancillary credit
services) , I, p. 868.
154. Prohibition of canvassing certain ancillary credit services off trade premises ,
I, p. 869.
155. Right to recover brokerage fees , I, p. 869.
Entry into agreements
156. Entry into agreements, I, p. 869.
Credit reference agencies
157. 158. 159. 160. Duty to disclose name etc. of agency, I, p. 870.
Duty of agency to disclose filed information, I, p. 870.
Correction of wrong information, I, p. 870.
Alternative procedure for business consumers, I, p. 871 .
PART XI.- ENFORCEMENT OF ACT
161. Enforcement authorities, I, p. 872.
162. Powers of entry and inspection, I, p. 873.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxvii
CONSUMER CREDIT ACT -continued
PART XI . -continued
163. Compensation for loss, I, p. 875.
164. Power to make test purchases, I, p. 876.
165. Obstruction of authorised officers , I , p. 876.
166. Notification of convictions and judgments to Director, I, p. 876.
167, and schedule 1. Penalties, I, pp. 877, 899.
168. Defences I, p. 877.
169. Offences by bodies corporate, I, p. 877 .
170. No further sanctions for breach of Act, I, p. 878.
171. Onus of proof in various proceedings, I, p. 878.
172. Statements by creditor or owner to be binding, I, p. 879.
173. Contracting- out forbidden, I, p. 879.
PART XII . SUPPLEMENTAL
General
174. Restrictions on disclosure of information, I, p. 880.
175. Duty of persons deemed to be agents, I, p. 880.
176. Service of documents, I, p. 880.
177. Saving for registered charges, I, p. 882.
178. Local Acts, I, p. 883 .
Regulations, orders etc.
179. Power to prescribe form etc. of secondary documents , I, p. 883.
180. Power to prescribe form etc. of copies, I, p. 883 .
181. Power to alter monetary limits etc. , I, p. 884.
182. Regulations and orders, I, p. 884.
183. Determinations etc. by Director, I, p. 884.
184. Associates I, p. 885. Interpretation
185. Agreement with more than one debtor or hirer, I, p. 885.
186. Agreement with more than one creditor or owner, I , p. 886.
187. Arrangements between creditor and supplier, I, p. 886.
188, and schedule 2. Examples of use of new terminology, I, pp. 887, 902.
189. Definitions, I, p. 887.
Miscellaneous
190. Financial provisions, I, p. 897.
191. Special provisions as to Northern Ireland, I, p. 897.
192 , and schedules 3, 4, 5. Transitional and commencement provisions, amend-
ments and repeals , I, pp. 898, 911-958.
193. Short title and extent, I, p. 898.
Schedule 1. Prosecution and punishment of offences, I , p. 899.
Schedule 2.
Schedule 3. Examples of use of new terminology, I, p. 902.
Transitional and commencement provisions , I, p. 911 .
Schedule 4. Minor and consequential amendments, I, I, p. 917.
Schedule 5. Repeals, I, p. 955.
CONTINGENCIES FUND ACT: c. 18... ... ...
... ... I, p. 279
§ 1. Maximum capital of Contingencies Fund, I, p. 279.
2, and Schedule. Short title and repeals, I, pp. 279, 280.
Schedule. Repeals, I, p. 280.
CONTROL OF POLLUTION ACT : c. 40... ... ... ... II, p. 961
PART I. -WASTE ON LAND
§ 1. 2. Waste disposal arrangements
Arrangements for disposing of controlled waste, II, p. 961.
Waste disposal plans
Preparation and revision of waste disposal plans, II, p. 961 .
ccxviii Index to the General Public Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
CONTROL OF POLLUTION ACT-continued
PART 1. -continued
Licensing of disposal ofcontrolled waste
3. Prohibition of unlicensed disposal of waste, II, p. 964.
4. Provisions supplementary to s. 3, II, p . 966.
5. Licences to dispose of waste, II, p. 967.
6 . Provisions supplementary to s . 5, II, p. 969.
7. Variation of conditions and revocation of licences , II, p. 971 .
8. Transfer and relinquishment of licences , II, p. 972.
9. Supervision of licensed activities , II , p . 972.
10. Appeals to Secretary of State from decisions with respect to licences , II, p. 973
11. Special provisions for land occupied by disposal authorities , II, p. 974.
Collection and disposal of controlled waste
12. Collections of waste, II, p. 978.
13. Dustbins etc. , II, p. 981 .
14. Disposal of waste in England and Wales, II, p. 983 .
15. Disposal of Waste in Scotland, II , p. 986.
16. Removal of waste deposited in breach of licensing provisions , II, p. 987.
17. Special provisions with respect to certain dangerous or intractable waste,
II, p. 989.
18. 19. Waste other than controlled waste
Application of preceding provisions to other waste, II, p. 991 .
Powers of disposal authorities as respects other waste, II, p. 991 .
20. 21. Reclamation etc. ofwaste
Reclamation of waste, II, p. 992.
Production of heat and electricity from waste etc. , II, p. 992.
Street cleaning and litter
22. Street cleaning etc. , II, p. 993 .
23. Prohibition of parking to facilitate street cleaning, II, p. 994.
24. Litter, II, p. 996.
Supplemental
25. Disposal of waste underground by Coal Board etc. , II, p. 997.
26. Outfall pipes for sewage disposal works, II, p. 998 .
27. Interference with refuse tips and dustbins etc. , II, p. 999.
28. Supplementary provisions relating to pipes , II, p. 999.
29. Modification of Parts I and II to avoid duplication of control, II, p. 1000.
30. Interpretation etc. of Part I, II, p. 1000.
31. 32. 33. PART II . -POLLUTION OF WATER
Control of entry of polluting matter and effluents into water
Control of pollution of rivers and coastal waters etc. , II, p. 1003.
Control of discharges of trade and sewage effluent etc. into rivers and coastal
waters etc. , II, p. 1006.
Control of sanitary appliances on vessels , II, p. 1008.
Consents for discharges
34. Consents for discharges of trade and sewage effluent etc., II, p. 1012.
35. Reference to Secretary of State of certain applications for consent, II , p. 1013.
36. Provisions supplementary to ss . 34 and 35, II, p. 1014.
37. Revocation of consents and alteration and imposition of conditions, II, p. 1017.
38. Restriction on variation and revocation of consent and of previous variation,
II, p. 1017.
39. 40. Appeals to Secretary of State , II, p. 1018.
Transitional provisions relating to consents, II, p. 1021 .
Ancillary provisions relating to control of discharges
41. Registers, II, p. 1022.
42. Power of Secretary of State to exempt applications , consents and conditions
etc. from publicity, II, p. 1023.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxix
CONTROL OF POLLUTION ACT-continued
PART II . -continued
Control ofdischarges of trade effluent into public sewers
43. Control of discharges into sewers , II , p. 1024.
44. Provisions supplementary to s . 43, II, p. 1026.
45. Early variation of conditions of discharges, II , p. 1027.
Miscellaneous
46. Operations by water authorities to remedy or forestall pollution of water,
II, p. 1028.
47. Duty of water authorities to deal with waste from vessels etc., II , p. 1031 .
48. Power of water authorities to exclude unregistered vessels from rivers etc.,
ІП, р. 1031 .
49. Deposits and vegetation in rivers etc. , II , p. 1031 .
50. Investigation of water pollution problems arising from closures of mines ,
II, p. 1032.
51. Notice to abstain from certain agricultural practices, II, p. 1032.
52. Charges in respect of certain discharges in England England and Wales, II, p. 1034.
53. Charges in respect of certain discharges in Scotland, II, p. 1034.
54. Exclusion of certain liability in respect of discharges etc. with consent, II, p. 1035.
Supplemental
55. Discharges by water authorities , II, p. 1036.
56. Interpretation etc. of Part II, II , p. 1036.
PART III . -NOISE
Periodical inspections by local authorities
57. Periodical inspections by local authorities, II, p. 1038.
Summary proceedings to deal with noise
58. Summary proceedings by local authorities , II, p. 1038.
59. Summary proceedings by occupier of premises, II , p. 1040.
Construction sites
60. 61. Control of noise on construction sites, II, p. 1041 .
Prior consent for work on construction sites, II, p. 1042.
Noise in streets
62. Noise in streets , II, p. 1044.
Noise abatement zones
63, and schedule 1. Designation of zones , II, pp. 1045, 1081 .
64. Register of noise levels, II , p. 1045.
65. Noise exceeding registered level, II, p . 1046.
66. Reduction of noise levels, II, p. 1048.
67. New buildings etc. , II, p. 1049.
Noise from plant or machinery
68. Noise from plant or machinery, II, p. 1049.
Supplemental
69. Execution of works by local authority, II, p. 1050.
70. Appeals to Secretary of State and magistrates ' court, II, p. 1051 .
71. Codes of practice for minimising noise, II, p. 1052.
72. "Best practicable means ", II, p. 1052.
73. Interpretation and other supplementary provisions , II, p. 1053.
74. Penalties, II, p. 1054.
PART IV. POLLUTION OF THE ATMOSPHERE
Prevention of atmospheric pollution
75. Regulations about motor fuel, II , p. 1055 .
76. Regulations about sulphur content of oil fuel for furnaces or engines, II, p. 1057 .
77. Provisions supplementary to ss . 75 and 76, II, p. 1057.
78. Cable burning, II, p. 1058 .
CCXX Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
CONTROL OF POLLUTION ACT -continued
PART IV. -continued
Information about atmospheric pollution
79. Research and publicity, II, p. 1058.
80. Notices requiring information about air pollution, II, p. 1060.
81. Appeals against notices , II , p. 1061 .
82. Regulations about research and publicity, II, p. 1062.
83. Provision by local authorities of information for Secretary of State, II, p. 1063.
Interpretation
84. Interpretation of Part IV, II, p. 1063.
PART V.-SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Legal proceedings
85. Appeals to Crown Court or Court of Session against decisions of magistrates"
court or sheriff, II, p. 1064.
86. Protection of members and officers of authorities from personal liability,
II, p. 1065.
87. 88. Miscellaneous provisions relating to legal proceedings, II, p. 1065.
Civil liability for contravention of s . 3( 3) , II, p. 1066.
Financial provisions
89. 90. Expenses and receipts of Secretary of State etc. , II, p. 1067.
Establishment charges and interest in respect of certain expenses of authorities,
II, p. 1067.
Miscellaneous
91. Rights of entry and inspection etc. , II, p. 1068.
92. Provisions supplementary to s . 91 , II, p. 1069.
93. Power of authorities to obtain information, II, p. 1070.
94. Prohibition of disclosure of information, II, p. 1070.
95. Service of documents on and by water authorities, II, p. 1071 .
96. Local inquiries, II, p. 1072.
97. Default powers, II, p. 1073 .
98. Interpretation of Part V. II, p. 1074.
PART VI. -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
99, and schedule 2. Alteration of penalties , II, pp. 1074, 1082.
100. Power to prohibit or restrict the importation and use etc. of injurious sub-
stances , II, p. 1074.
101. 102. Disposal of waste etc. by Atomic Energy Authority, II, p. 1076.
Power to give effect to international agreements, II, p. 1076.
103. Adaption of enactments to metric units, II, p. 1076.
General
104. Orders and regulations, II, p. 1076.
105. Interpretation etc. -general, II, p. 1077.
106. General application to Scotland, II, p. 1079.
107. Application to Isles of Scilly, II, p. 1080.
108, and schedules 3, 4. Minor and consequential amendments of enactments, and
repeals , II , pp. 1080, 1088-1096.
109. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1080.
Schedule 1 . Noise abatement zones, II, p. 1081 .
Schedule 2. Alteration of penalties , II, p. 1082.
Schedule 3. Minor and consequential amendments of enactments, II, p. 1088.
Schedule 4. Repeals , II, p. 1093.
CORPORATION TAX. See FINANCE ACT(с. 30, Pt. II, schs. 1, 2) .
COURT OF APPEAL. See LEGAL AID ACT (с. 4 ) .
CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS. Legal aid in (c. 4, Pt. II ).
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxi
CROWN. Application to, under-
Health and Safety at Work etc. Act ( c. 37, ss. 48, 72 )
Legal Aid Act ( c. 4, s. 27 )... ... ...
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3, s. 33 )... ... ...
... ...
... I, pp. 687, 719
I, p. 94
...
I , p. 54
CROWN COURT. See also LEGAL AID ACт ( с. 4 ).
Appeals to, under-
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3, ss. 6(4), 26)... ... ... I, pp. 44, 52
CROWN LAND. Application to, under-
Dumping at Sea Act (c. 20, s. 10)... ... ... ... I , p. 290
D
DEVELOPMENT GAINS FROM LAND. See FINANCE ACT (c. 30, Pt. III, schs. 3, 4 ) .
DEVELOPMENT LOSSES . See FINANCE ACT (с. 30, Pt. III, sch. 6 ) .
DUMPING AT SEA ACT : с. 20 ......
... ... ... I, p. 282
§ 1. Restrictions on dumping in the sea, I, p. 282.
2. Licences, I, p. 284.
3. Right to make representations, I, p. 285.
4. Publicity, I, p. 287.
5. Enforcement of Act, I, p. 287.
6. Enforcement of Conventions, I, p. 288.
7. Miscellaneous provisions as to enforcement officers , I, p. 289.
8. Evidence, I, p. 290.
9. Offences -general provisions, I, p. 290.
10. Crown land, I, p. 290.
11. Financial provisions , I, p. 291 .
12. 13. Interpretation, I, p. 291 .
Savings , I, p. 294.
14. Orders, I, p. 294.
15. Short title and extent, I, p. 294.
E
ECCLESIASTICAL JURISDICTION (AMENDMENT ) MEASURE : No. 2... II, p. 1879
§ 1. Deprivation of priest, etc., following certain proceedings in secular courts ,
II, p. 1879 .
2. Minor amendments, repeal and transitional provisions, II, p. 1882.
3. Citation and extent, II , p. 1883.
EDUCATION ( MENTALLY HANDICAPPED CHILDREN) (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 27
I, p. 403
§ 1. Mentally handicapped children, I, p. 403.
2, and schedule. Schedule. Citation, repeal and extent, I, pp. 405, 406.
Enactments repealed, I, p. 406.
ENTRY. Powers of , under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s. 4 )
...
... ... ... I, p. 123
Horticulture ( Special Payments) Act ( c. 5, s. 4 )
... ... I, p. 119
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3, ss. 20, 42 )...
...
... ... I, p. 48, 61
EVIDENCE. Provisions under-
Dumping at Sea Act (c. 20, s . 8)... ... ... ... ... I, p. 290
ccxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
F
FINANCE Aст: с. 30... ... ... ... ... ... I, p. 419
PART I. CUSTOMS AND EXCISE AND VALUE ADDED TAX
§ 1 . Increase of duties on spirits , beer, wine, British wine and tobacco, I, p. 419.
2. Increase of certain duties on betting, I, p. 421 .
3. Continuation of powers under section 9 of Finance Act 1961, I, p. 421 .
4. Delivery of rum for home use after two years' warehousing, I, p. 422.
5. Value added tax -time of supply, I, p. 422.
6. Value added tax tribunals, I, p. 422.
PART II . INCOME TAX, CORPORATION TAX AND
CAPITAL GAINS TAX ( GENERAL)
7. Charge of income tax for 1974-75, I, p. 423.
8. Increase of surtax rates for 1972-73 , I , p. 423 .
9. Charge of corporation tax for financial year 1973, I, p. 425.
10. Corporation tax -other rates and fractions, I, p. 425 .
11. Mitigation of corporation tax liability of small companies, I, p. 425.
12. Rate of advance corporation tax for financial year 1974, I, p. 426.
13. Payments in addition to advance corporation tax due in financial year 1974,
I, p. 426.
14. Alteration of personal reliefs, I, p. 428.
15. Maintenance payments, I, p. 429.
16. Partnership retirement annuities , I, p. 429.
17. Expenditure on fire safety, I, p. 430.
18. Expenses allowances to directors and others, I, p. 431.
19, and schedule 1. Restrictions on relief for interest, I, pp. 431, 469.
20. Share option and share incentive schemes, I, p. 433.
21 , and schedule 2. Cases I and II of Schedule E, I, pp. 433, 480.
22. Foreign pensions or annuities , I, p. 436.
23. Income from trade, etc. carried on abroad, I, p. 436.
24. Returns of persons treated as employees, I, p. 438.
25. Sub-contractors in construction industry, I, p. 438.
26. Life insurance companies, I, p. 439.
27. Friendly societies, I, p. 440.
28. Trade unions, I, p. 442.
29. Depreciatory transactions , I, p. 442.
30. Transactions in deposits without certificate or in debts, I, p. 442.
31. Replacement of business assets, I, p. 443.
32. Disposals of shares in unit trusts, investment trusts and funds in court, I, p. 443.
33. Reduced rate of capital gains tax for certain unit trusts and for funds in court,
I, p. 443.
34. Transfer of business on retirement, I, p. 444.
35. Interest paid to directors and directors ' associates, I, p. 444.
36. Amendment of Taxes Act section 243, I, p. 444.
37. Tax on company in liquidation, I , p. 444.
PART III . CAPITAL GAINS FROM LAND
CHAPTER I. -DEVELOPMENT GAINS FROM LAND
§38 , and schedules 3, 4. Certain development gains from land to be taxed as income,
I, pp. 446, 482-500.
39, and schedule 5. Exemption or relief for small disposals, I, pp. 447, 500.
40, and schedule 6. Development losses , I, pp. 448, 501 .
41. 42. Disposals of interests in land effected indirectly, I, p. 449.
Disposals of interests in settled property, I, p. 454.
43. Special rates of charge for development gains accruing to trustees, personal
representatives or unit trust schemes, I , p. 457.
44, and schedules 7, 8. Supplementary, I, pp. 454, 504-511 .
CHAPTER II . -FIRST LETTING OR OCCUPATION OF BUILDING AFTER
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT
45, and schedule 9. Charge to tax: first letting or occupation of building after
46. material development, I, pp. 459, 511 .
Interpretation, etc., I, p. 480.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxiii
FINANCE ACT-continued
PART III . -continued
CHAPTER III .-OTHER PROVISIONS ABOUT CAPITAL GAINS FROM LAND
47, and schedule 10. Matters arising out of Chapters I and II of this Part, I, pp.
463, 522.
48. Disposals of interests in land in United Kingdom reflecting development value,
I, p. 463.
PART IV.-MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
49, and schedule 11. Increase of certain stamp duties, I, pp. 464, 524.
50. Vehicle excise duty -disabled persons, I, p. 465.
51. Gifts to Historic Churches Preservation Trust , I, p. 465.
52, and schedule 12. Definition of "local authority" for certain tax purposes,
I, pp. 465, 533.
53, and schedule 13. Regional employment premiums, I, pp. 466, 534.
54. Grants towards duty charged on bus fuel , I, p. 466.
55. Power to authorise amendment of taxi fare byelaws , I, p. 467.
56. Trustee savings banks-special investments, I, p. 467.
57, and schedule 14. Citation, interpretation, construction and repeals, I, pp. 468,
535.
Schedule 1 . Relief for interest, I, p. 469.
Schedule 2. Deductions or exception in respect of certain emoluments, I, p. 480.
Schedule 3. Provisions supplementary to section 38, I , p. 482.
Schedule 4. Transitional provisions relating to development gains , I, p. 498.
Schedule 5. Provisions supplementary to section 39, I, p. 500.
Schedule 6. Development losses, I, p. 501 .
Schedule 7.
Schedule 8. Treatment of development gains under the Tax Acts , I , p . 504.
Adaptations and amendments of provisions relating to taxation of
capital gains , I , p. 508.
Schedule 9. Supplementary provisions about deemed disposals under section 45,
I, p. 511 .
Schedule 10. Matters arising out of Chapters I and II of Part III of this Act, I,
p. 524.
Schedule 11. Increase of certain stamp duties, I, p. 524.
Schedule 12. Substitution of " local authority" as defined in section 52, I, p. 533 .
Schedule 13. Regional employment premiums, I, p. 534.
Schedule 14. Enactments repealed, I, p. 535.
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. See FINANCE ACT (с. 30, Pt. II ) .
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES Aст: с. 46...
... II, p. 1381
The Registry of Friendly Societies
§ 1. The Registry Office, II, p. 1381 .
2. Terms of office, qualifications and status of Chief and assistant registrars ,
II, p. 1381 .
3. Salaries and expenses, II , p. 1382.
4. Registration areas and functions of assistant registrars in those areas , II , p. 1382.
5. Particular functions of assistant registrar for Scotland, II, p. 1382.
6. Report of the Chief Registrar and publication of information relating to
friendly societies, II, p. 1383 .
Registration of societies and branches
7, and schedules 1, 2. Societies which may be registered, II, p. 1383, 1453-1455.
8. Registration of societies, II, p. 1384.
9. Special provisions as to dividing societies and societies assuring annuities ,
II, p. 1385.
10. Societies registered in one registration area carrying on business in another,
II, p. 1385.
11. Additional requirements for registration of societies with branches, II, p. 1385 .
12. Establishment of new branches, II, p. 1386.
13. Registration of branches as societies , II, p. 1386.
14. Name of seceding or expelled branch, II, p. 1386.
15. Acknowledgment of registration , II , p. 1386.
16. Appeals from refusal to register, II, p. 1387.
ccxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-continued
Provisions as to rules
17. Acknowledgment of registration of rules, II, p. 1387.
18. Registration of amendments of rules of society or branch, II , p. 1387.
19. Acknowledgment of registration of amendments of rules, II, p. 1388 .
20. Appeals from refusal to register amendment of rule, II, p. 1388.
21. Duty to supply copies of rules, II, p. 1388.
22. Rules of certain registered societies to bind members at law, II , p. 1388.
23. Special provisions which may be included in rules, II, p. 1389.
Trustees and officers
24. Trustees of registered societies and branches, II, p. 1389.
25. Minors not to hold office, II, p. 1390.
26. Proof of appointment of officers and trustees , II, p. 1390.
27, and schedule 3. Certain officers to give security, II, pp. 1390, 1455.
28. Duty of officers of registered societies and branches to account, II, p. 1390.
Accounts, audit and auditors
29. Books of account, etc. , II, p. 1391.
30. General provisions as to accounts and balance sheets, II, p. 1392.
31. Obligation to appoint auditors, II, p. 1393.
32. Audit of exempt societies and branches, II , p. 1394.
33. Reappointment and removal of auditors, II, p. 1395.
34. Notice of resolutions relating to appointment and removal of auditors,
II, p. 1396.
35. Proceedings subsequent to receipt of notice under s. 34, II, p. 1397.
36. Qualified auditors, II , p. 1398.
37. Restrictions on appointment of auditors, II, p. 1399.
38. Auditors' report, II, p. 1399.
39. Auditors' right of access to books and to attend and be heard at meetings ,
II, р. 1400.
40. Remuneration of qualified auditors, II, p. 1401 .
Valuations and annual returns
41. Valuations, II, p. 1401.
42. Regulations and directions of Chief Registrar relating to valuations , II, p. 1402.
43. Annual return, II, p. 1404.
44. Copies of annual return to be supplied on demand, II, p. 1405.
45. Copies of balance sheet and valuation to be displayed, II, p. 1405.
Investment, funds and property
46. Investment of funds, II, p. 1405.
47. Power to set up funds for purchase of Government securities on behalf of
members , II , p. 1406.
48. Loans to assured members, II, p. 1407.
49. Loans out of separate loan fund, II, p. 1407.
50. Loans of surplus funds to registered society or branch of different description,
II, p. 1407.
51. Power of friendly society to invest in housing association, II, p. 1408.
52. Charitable subscriptions and contributions to other registered societies ,
II, p. 1408.
53. Holding of land, II, p. 1409.
54. Vesting of property in trustees, II , p. 1410.
55. Power of the Public Trustee to hold securities of certain friendly societies and
branches, II, p. 1410.
56. Legal proceedings concerning property, II, p. 1411 .
57, and schedule 4. Discharge of certain mortgages, II , pp . 1411, 1457.
58. Devolution of property on death, resignation or removal of trustee, II, p. 1411.
59. Priority on death, bankruptcy, etc. , of officer, II, p. 1411 .
Membership and rights of members
60. Membership of minors, II , p. 1412.
61. Members' subscriptions not generally recoverable at law, II , p. 1412.
62. Inspection of books by members, II, p. 1412.
63. Accumulation of member's surplus contributions, II, p. 1413.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
CCXXV
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT-continued
Benefits: limitations and payment
64. Maximum benefits, II, p. 1413.
65. Modification of s. 64 in relation to group insurance business, II, p. 1415.
66. Power of member to nominate person to receive sums payable on his death,
II, p. 1415.
67. Payment on death of a nominator, II, p. 1416.
68. Devolution of sums due where no nomination, II, p. 1416.
69.
Validity of payments, II, p. 1417.
70. Certificates of death, II, p. 1417.
71. Prohibition of insuring money to be paid on death of a child under ten,
II, p. 1417.
72, and schedule 5. Limitations on insurance of life of parent or grandparent,
II, pp. 1418, 1457.
73, and schedule 5. Supplementary provisions as to insurances referred to in
s. 72, II, pp. 1420, 1457 .
74, and schedule 6. Provisions with respect to certain insurances where person
assured is resident outside United Kingdom and Isle of Man, II, pp. 1421,
1459.
75. Rights of owners of certain endowment policies, II, p. 1421 .
Disputes
76. Decision of disputes generally, II, p. 1422.
77. Reference, by consent, of disputes to Chief or assistant registrar, II, p. 1423 .
78. 79. Statement of case and discovery, etc., of documents, II, p. 1424.
Reference of disputes to court otherwise than under rules, II, p. 1424.
80. Disputes arising out of loans of surplus funds to societies of different des-
cription, II, p. 1425.
Change of name, amalgamation and transfer of
engagements and conversion ofsocieties
81. Power to change name, II , p. 1425.
82. Amalgamation and transfer of engagements, II, p. 1426.
83. Objections to amalgamations and transfers of engagements of friendly
societies , II , p. 1427.
84. Conversion of registered societies into companies, II, p. 1429.
85. Conversion of society into branch, II, p. 1429.
86. Meaning and registration of special resolutions, II, p. 1430.
Inspection, winding up and suspension of business
87. Power of Chief Registrar to inspect and apply for winding up of registered
friendly societies and branches, II, p. 1430.
88. Power of Chief Registrar to suspend business of registered friendly societies
and branches, II, p. 1432.
89. 90. Power of Chief Registrar to require production of documents, II, p. 1433.
Appointment of inspectors and calling of special meetings, II, p. 1434.
Cancellation and suspension ofregistration and dissolution
91. Cancellation and suspension of registration, II, p. 1435.
92. Appeals against cancellation and suspension of registration, II, p. 1436.
93. Dissolution of societies and branches, II, p. 1437.
94. Instrument of dissolution, II, p. 1437.
95. Dissolution by award, II, p. 1439.
96. Finality of awards for dissolution or distribution of funds, II, p. 1440.
97. Notice of proceedings or order to set aside dissolution, II, p. 1440.
Offences, penalties and legal proceedings
98. Offences, II, p. 1441 .
99. Punishment of fraud, etc. and recovery of property misapplied, II, p. 1442.
100. Falsification of balance sheets , etc. , II, p. 1444.
101. Prosecution of offences , recovery of costs or expenses, II, p. 1444.
102. Jursidiction of magistrates' courts, II, p. 1444.
103. Legal proceedings concerning registered societies, etc., II, p. 1445.
ccxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
FRIENDLY SOCIETIES ACT -continued
Miscellaneous
104. Fees , II, p. 1446.
105. Exemptions from stamp duty, II, p. 1446.
106. Certificates of births and deaths for purposes of Act, II, p. 1446.
107, and schedule 7. Provision as to information supplied for purposes of national
insurance and social security, II, pp. 1447, 1461 .
108, and schedule 8. Protection for members of registered societies joining the
forces , II , pp. 1447, 1462.
109. Regulations, II, p. 1447.
110. Evidence and desposit of documents, II, p. 1448.
111. Interpretation, II, p. 1448.
112. Isle of Man, II, p. 1450.
113. Channel Islands , II, p. 1450.
114. Payments to legal representative in Channel Islands and Isle of Man, II , p. 1451 .
115. Reciprocal application of legislation relating to societies registered gistered in Northern
Ireland and in other parts of the British Islands, II, p. 1451 .
116, and schedules 9, 10, 11. Amendments, transitory provisions and repeals, II,
pp. 1452, 1463-1474.
117. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1452.
Schedule 1. Purposes for which friendly societies may provide, II, p. 1453 .
Schedule 2. Matters to be provided for by the rules of societies registered under
this Act, II , p. 1454.
Schedule 3. Forms of bond for officers of registered societies and branches,
II, p. 1455.
Schedule 4. Form of receipt to be endorsed on mortgage or further charge,
II, p. 1457.
Schedule 5. Death certificates in connection with payments referred to in section
72, II, p. 1457.
Schedule 6. Provisions applicable where person assured is resident outside the
United Kingdom and Isle of Man, II, p. 1459.
Schedule 7. Provisions of section 107 of this Act to have effect until coming into
force of certain provisions of the Social Security Act 1973, II, p. 1461 .
Schedule 8 . Women's auxiliary services , II, p. 1462.
Schedule 9 .
Schedule 10. Amendments of other enactments, II, p. 1463 .
Transitory provisions and savings, II , p. 1467.
Schedule 11 . Enactments repealed , II, p. 1469.
G
GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES. See Church of England ( Worship and Doctrine)
Measure (No. 3) ; Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction (Amendment) Measure ( No.2) ;
Synodical Government ( Amendment) Measure (No. 1) .
H
HEALTH AND SAFETY AT WORK ACT : c. 37 ...... ... ... I, p. 643
PART I. -Health, SafeTY AND WELFARE IN CONNECTION WITH WORK, AND
CONTROL OF DANGEROUS SUBSTANCES AND
CERTAIN EMISSIONS INTO THE
ATMOSPHERE
Preliminary
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Preliminary, I, pp. 643, 732.
General duties
2. General duties of employers to their employees, I, p. 644.
3. General duties of employers and self -employed to persons other than their
employees, I, p. 646.
4. General duties of persons concerned with premises to persons other than their
employees , I, p. 646.
5. General duty of persons in control of certain premises in relation to harmful
emissions into atmosphere, I, p. 647.
6.
General duties of manufacturers etc. as regards articles and substances for use
at work, I, p. 647.
7. General duties of employees at work, I, p. 649.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxvii
HEALTH AND SAFETY AT WORK ACT -continued
PART I. -continued
8. Duty not to interfere with or misuse things provided pursuant to certain
provisions , I, p. 649.
9. Duty not to charge employees for things done or provided pursuant to certain
specific requirements , I, p. 649.
The Health and Safety Commission and the Health and Safety Executive
10, and schedule 2. Establishment of the Commission and the Executive, I,
pp. 650, 733 .
11. 12. 13 . 14. General functions of the Commission and the Executive, I, p. 650.
Control of the Commission by the Secretary of State, I, p. 652.
Other powers of the Commission, I, p. 652.
Power of the Commission to direct investigations and inquiries, I, p. 653 .
Health and safety regulations and approved codes ofpractice
15, and schedule 3. Health and safety regulations, I, pp. 655, 737.
16. Approval proval of codes of practice by the Commission, I, p. 657.
17. Use of approved codes of practice in criminal proceedings, I, p. 658.
Enforcement
18. Authorities responsible for enforcement of the relevant statutory provisions ,
I, p. 659.
19. Appointment of inspectors, I, p. 660.
20. Powers of inspectors, I , p. 661 .
21. Improvement notices, I , p. 664.
22. Prohibition notices, I, p. 664.
23. Provisions supplementary to ss. 21 and 22, I, p. 665.
24. Appeal against improvement or prohibition notice, I, p. 666.
25. Power to deal with cause of imminent danger, I, p. 667.
26. Power of enforcing authorities to indemnify their inspectors, I, p. 668 .
Obtaining and disclosure of information
27. Obtaining of information by the Commission, the Executive, enforcing
authorities etc. , I, p. 668 .
28. Restrictions on disclosure of information, I, p. 669.
Special provisions relating to agriculture
29. General functions of Ministers responsible for agriculture in relation to the
relevant agricultural purposes, I, p . 672.
30. Agricultural health and safety regulations, I, p. 672.
31. Enforcement of the relevant statutory provisions in connection with
agriculture, I, p. 674.
32, and schedule 4. Application of provisions of this Part in connection with
agriculture, I, pp. 674, 740.
Provisions as to offences
33. Offences , I, p. 674.
34. Extension of time for bringing summary proceedings, I, p. 676.
35. Venue, I, p. 678.
36. Offences due to fault of other person, I, p. 678.
37. Offences by bodies corporate, I, p. 678.
38. Restriction on institution of proceedings in England and Wales, I, p. 679.
39. Prosecutions by inspectors, I, p. 679.
40. Onus of proving limits of what is practicable etc. , I, p. 679.
41. Evidence, I, p. 679.
42. Power of court to order cause of offence to be remedied or, in certain cases,
forfeiture, I, p. 680.
Financial provisions
43. Financial provisions, I , p. 680.
Miscellaneous and supplementary
44. Appeals in connection with licensing provisions in the relevant statutory
provisions , I, p. 682.
45. Default powers, I, p. 683 .
ccxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
HEALTH AND SAFETY AT WORK ACT -continued
PART I. continued
46. Service of notices, I, p. 685.
47. Civil liability, I, p. 686.
48. Application to Crown, I, p. 687.
49. Adaptation of enactments to metric units or appropriate metric units, I, p. 688.
50. Regulations under relevant statutory provisions, I, p. 689.
51. Exclusion of application to domestic employment, I, p. 690.
52. Meaning of work and at work, I, p. 690.
53, and schedule 1. General interpretation of Part I, I, pp. 690, 732.
54. Application of Part I to Isles of Scilly, I, p. 695.
PART II . -THE EMPLOYMENT MEDICAL ADVISORY SERVICE
55. Functions of, and responsibility for maintaining, employment medical
advisory service , I, p. 695.
56. Functions of authority responsible for maintaining the service, I, p. 696.
57. Fees, I, p. 697.
58. Other financial provisions, I, p. 697.
59. Duty of responsible authority to keep accounts and to report, I, p. 698.
60. Supplementary, I, p. 699.
PART III . -BUILDING REGULATIONS AND AMENDMENT OF
BUILDING (SCOTLAND) Aст 1959
61 , and schedules 5, 6. Amendments of enactments relating to building regulations,
I, pp. 701 , 742-750.
62. Further matters for which building regulations may provide, I, p. 704.
63. Miscellaneous provisions as to the approval of plans, I, p. 705.
64. Special provisions as to materials etc. , unsuitable for permanent buildings ,
I, p. 707.
65. Continuing requirements , I, p. 710.
66. Type relaxation of building regulations, I, p. 711.
67. Power of Secretary of State to approve types of building etc. , I, p. 712.
68. Power to require or carry out tests for conformity with building regulations,
I, p. 714.
69. Provisions relating to appeals etc. to the Secretary of State under certain
provisions, I, p. 715 .
70. Power to make building regulations for Inner London, I, p. 717.
71. Civil liability, I, p. 718.
72. Application to Crown, I, p. 719.
73. Application to United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority, I, p. 721 .
74. Meaning of " building" etc. in connection with, and construction of references
to, building regulations, I, p. 722.
75, and schedule 7. Amendment of Building (Scotland) Act 1959, I, pp. 723, 750.
76. Construction and interpretation of Part III and other provisions relating to
building regulations, I, p. 723 .
PART IV. -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
77. Amendment of Radiological Protection Act 1970, I, p. 724.
78, and schedule 8. Amendment of Fire Precautions Act 1971 , I, pp. 724, 756.
79. Amendment of Companies Acts as to directors' reports, I, p. 727.
80. General power to repeal or modify Acts and instruments, I, p. 728.
81. Expenses and receipts, I, p. 729.
82. General provisions as to interpretation and regulations, I, p. 729.
83, and schedules 9, 10. Minor and consequential amendments, and repeals, I, pp.
730, 758 , 759.
84. Extent, and application of Act, I, p. 730.
85. Short title and commencement, I, p. 731 .
Schedule 1. Existing enactments which are relevant statutory provisions, I, p. 732.
Schedule 2. Additional provisions relating to constitution etc. of the Commission
and Executive, I, p. 733.
Schedule 3. Subject -matter of health and safety regulations, I, p. 737.
Schedule 4. Modifications of Part I in connection with agriculture, I, p. 740.
Schedule 5. Subject -matter of building regulations, I, p. 742.
Schedule 6. Amendments of enactments relating to building regulations, I, p. 743.
Schedule 7. Amendments of Building ( Scotland ) Act 1959, I, p. 750.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxix
HEALTH AND SAFETY AT WORK ACT-continued
PART IV. -continued
Schedule 8. Transitional provisions with respect to fire certificates under Factories
Act 1961 or Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963, I, p. 756.
Schedule 9. Minor and consequential amendments, I, p. 758 .
Schedule 10. Repeals . I, p. 758.
HIGH COURT.
Appeals to, under-
Housing Act ( c. 44, s . 15(3)... ... ...
... II, p. 1150
HORTICULTURE ( SPECIAL PAYMENTS) ACT : с. 5...
... ... I, p. 116
§ 1. Payments in accordance with scheme and provisions supplemental thereto,
I, p. 116.
2. Revocation of approval and recovery of payment, I, p. 118.
3. False statements to obtain payments, I, p. 119.
4. Powers of entry, I, p. 119.
5. Expenses and receipts, I, p. 120.
6. Short title, extent and interpretation, I, p. 120.
HOUSE OF COMMONS. Disqualification for, under-
Local Government Act (c. 7, sch. 4 para. 12 )
... ... ...
Solicitors (Amendment) Act (c. 26, sch. 2 para. 5 )
... ...
I, p. 181
I, p. 391
HOUSING Aст: с. 44... ... ... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1137
PART I. THE HOUSING CORPORATION : EXTENDED FUNCTIONS
1, and schedule 1. Continuation of Housing Corporation with extended functions,
II, pp. 1137, 1271 .
2 , and schedule 2. Control by Corporation of dispositions of land by housing
associations , II, pp. 1138, 1272.
3. Acquisition of land, II, p. 1139.
4. Provision of dwellings or hostels and clearance, management and development
of land, II, p. 1140.
5. Disposal of land, II, p. 1141 .
6. Acquisition of securities and control of subsidiaries , II, p. 1142.
7. Borrowing powers, II, p. 1143 .
8. Treasury guarantees , II, p. 1144.
9. Lending powers, II, p. 1144.
10. Miscellaneous financial provisions, II, p. 1146.
11. Exclusion of certain disposals of land from tax on chargeable gains, II, p. 1147.
12. Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 1147.
PART II . -REGISTRATION OF HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
13. The register of housing associations, II , p. 1148.
14. The Housing Associations Registration Advisory Committee, II, p. 1149.
15. Removal of bodies from the register, II, p. 1150.
16. Notifications to and by other bodies, II, p. 1151 .
17. Certain loans and grants limited to registered housing associations , II, p. 1151 .
18, and schedule 3. Special rules applicable to tenancies of registered and certain
other housing associations, II, p. 1153, 1273.
19. 20. 21. Inquiries into affairs of registered 1965 Act associations , II, p. 1154.
Corporation's power to act for protection of registered 1965 Act associations ,
II, p. 1155.
Corporation's power to require transfer of land of registered 1965 Act associa-
tions, II, p. 1156.
22. Corporation's power to petition for winding up of certain registered housing
associations , II, p. 1157.
23. Transfer of net assets on dissolution of registered 1965 Act associations ,
II, p. 1157.
24. Restrictions on exercise of certain powers by registered 1965 Act associations,
II, p. 1158.
Ccxxx Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
HOUSING Aст-continued
PART II . continued
25. 26. 27. Change of objects of certain charities to require consent, II, p. 1159.
Payments by registere registered housing associations to members, etc. , II, p. 1159.
mbers,
Disclosure of interest by members of committees of registered 1965 Act associa-
tions, II, p. 1160.
28. Interpretation of Part II, II, p. 1161.
PART III . -FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
29. Housing association grants, II , p. 1162.
30. Payments of housing association grant, II , p. 1163.
31. Management grants for certain housing associations, II, p. 1165.
32. Revenue deficit grants for registered housing associations, II, p. 1166.
33. Hostel deficit grants, II, p. 1168.
34. Transfer to Corporation of rights and obligations of Secretary of State in
relation to certain advances, II, p. 1169.
35. Existing subsidies and grants for housing associations : transition to housing
association grants, II , p. 1170.
PART IV.-HOUSING ACTION AREAS
36. Declaration of housing action areas, II, p. 1173.
37. Functions of Secretary of State, p. 1175 .
38. Incorporation of general improvement areas, priority neighbourhoods, or
parts thereof , into housing action areas, II, p. 1177.
39. Duration of housing action areas , II, p. 1178.
40. Reduction of housing action areas, II, p. 1179.
41. Duty to publish information, II, p. 1180.
42. Duty to inform Secretary of State of action taken, II, p. 1180.
43. Acquisition of land in housing action areas , II , p. 1180.
44. Provision, improvement etc. of housing accommodation by local authorities,
II, p. 1180.
45. Assistance for carrying out environmental works , II, p. 1182.
46. Contributions towards expenditure under section 45, II, p. 1183.
47 , and schedule 4. Notification of notices to quit and disposals of housing accom-
48. modation etc. , II, pp. 1184, 1284.
Application of certain provisions of Housing Acts, II, p. 1186.
49. Local authorities for the purposes of Part IV, II, p. 1187.
PART V. -GENERAL IMPROVEMENT AREAS
50, and schedule 5. Consideration by Secretary of State of suitability of general
improvement areas, II, pp. 1188, 1285.
51 , and schedule 5. Further amendments relating to general improvement areas ,
II, pp. 1189, 1285 .
PART VI . PRIORITY NEIGHBOURHOODS
52. Declaration of priority neighbourhoods, II, p. 1189.
53. Incorporation into priority neighbourhoods of general improvement areas,
housing action areas, or parts thereof, II, p. 1191 .
54. Application to priority neighbourhoods of certain provisions of Part IV,
II, p. 1192.
55. Local authorities for the purposes of Part VI, II, p. 1193.
PART VII . -FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TOWARDS WORKS OF IMPROVEMENT,
REPAIR AND CONVERSION
Grants by local authorities
56. Grants for provision, improvement and repair of dwellings, II, p. 1194.
57. General provisions relating to applications for grants , II , p. 1195.
58, and schedule 6. Standard amenities , II, pp. 1196, 1290.
59. Appropriate percentage, II, p. 1197.
60. Certificates of future occupation, II, p . 1197.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxxi
HOUSING Aст—continued
PART VII. -continued
Improvement grants
61. Improvement grants, II , p. 1198.
62. Rateable value limit on improvement grants for dwellings for owner ocсира-
tion, II, p. 1200.
63. Determination of estimated expense in relation to improvement grant, II, p.
1200.
64. Amount of improvement grant, II, p. 1201 .
Intermediate grants
65. Intermediate grants, II, p. 1202.
66. Approval of application for intermediate grant conditional on dwellings
attaining a particular standard, II, p. 1203.
67. Local authority to approve certain applications for intermediate grants, II, p .
1205.
68, and schedule 6. Determination of estimated expense and amount of inter-
mediate grant, II , pp. 1206, 1290.
Special grants
69. Special grants, II, p. 1207.
70, and schedule 6. Amount of special grant, II, pp. 1207, 1290.
Repairs grants
71. Repairs grants, II, p. 1208.
72. Determination of estimated expense and amount of repairs grant, II, p. 1209.
Grant conditions
73. 74. 75. 76. 77. Conditions as to future occupation, II, p. 1210.
Power of local authorities to impose grant conditions, II, p. 1211 .
Enforceability and registration of grant conditions , II, p. 1213 .
Repayment of grant for breach of condition, II, p. 1214.
Voluntary repayment of grants, II, p. 1215.
78. 79. 80. 81. 82. 83. 84. Contributions
Contributions by Secretary of State towards grants, II, p. 1216.
Payment of improvement contributions to housing authorities, II, p. 1217.
Supplementary
Statement of reasons for refusing application for grant or fixing grant at less
than the maximum, II , p. 1217.
Grants restricted to applicant and his personal representatives, II, p. 1218.
Payment of grants, II, p. 1218.
Special provisions as to parsonages , etc. , II, p. 1219.
Interpretation of Part VII, II, p. 1219.
PART VIII. COMPULSORY IMPROVEMENT OF DWELLINGS
Dwellings in general improvement areas and housing action areas
85. Provisional notice of local authority's proposals for improvement of dwelling,
II, p . 1221 .
86. Housing arrangements, II, p. 1222 .
87. Acceptance of undertakings to do works, II, p. 1223.
88. Conditions for service of improvement notices , II, p. 1224.
89. Dwellings outside general improvement areas and housing action areas
Compulsory improvement of dwellings outside general improvement areas and
housing action areas, II, p. 1225.
General provisions as to improvement notices
90. Improvement notices : content and registration, II, p. 1227.
91. Appeals against improvement notices , II , p . 1228 .
92. Operative effect and withdrawal of improvement notices, II, p. 1229.
93. Enforcement of improvement notices , II, p. 1230.
ccxxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
HOUSING Aст-continued
PART VIII . -continued
94. Recovery of expenses incurred by local authority on default under improve-
ment notice, II, p. 1231 .
95. Charging orders in favour of persons carrying out works, II, p. 1232.
Supplementary
96. Provisions as to carrying out of works, II , p. 1232.
97. Further powers and duties of local authorities , II, p. 1233 .
98. Consequential modifications ofAgricultural Holdings Act 1948, II, p. 1234 .
99. Exclusion of dwellings controlled by Crown or a public authority, II, p. 1234.
100. Duty of local authority to offer loans to meet expenses of compulsory improve-
ment, II, p. 1236.
101. Right of person served with improvement notice to serve purchase notice,
II, p. 1238.
102. Effect of an area ceasing to be a general improvement area or housing action
area after improvement notice is served, II, p. 1238 .
103. Service of notices, etc. , II, p. 1238 .
104. Interpretation of Part VIII, II, p. 1239.
PART IX. -MISCELLANEOUS
105. Secretary of State's control over certain expenditure by housing authorities in
England and Wales, II, p. 1241 .
106, and schedule 7. Lodging-houses and hostels provided by local authorities and
new town corporations in England and Wales, II, pp. 1241, 1290.
107. Hostels provided by housing authorities in Scotland, II , p. 1242.
108, and schedule 9. Abolition of clearance orders, etc. , II, pp. 1242, 1295.
109. General interpretation of section 110 to 115 for Scotland, II, p. 1243 .
110. Listed buildings subject to compulsory purchase orders under Part III of the
Housing Act 1957, II, p. 1244.
111. Listed buildings in clearance areas, acquired by agreement, II, p. 1246.
112. Temporary provision for listed buildings subject to clearance orders , II, p. 1247.
113. Application of provisions about listed buildings to buildings in conservation
areas , II, p. 1248.
114, and schedule 10. Temporary provision for rehabilitation of unfit houses,
II, pp. 1249, 1297.
115. Compensation, II, p. 1249.
116. Amendment of section 4 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965, II,
5, II , p. 1252.
117. Removal of time limit for completing certain works eligible for higher rates of
grants or contributions, II, p. 1252.
118, and schedule 8. Raising of rateable value limits for enfranchisement or extension
under Leasehold Reform Act 1967, II, pp. 1253, 1291 .
119, and schedule 11. Option mortgages, II, pp. 1256, 1301 .
120. Tax exemptions for self- build societies, II , p. 1257 .
121. Disclosure of landlord's identity, II, p. 1259.
122. Duty to inform tenant of a dwelling of assignment of landlord's interest ,
II, p. 1260.
123. Form and content of certain notices to quit, II, p. 1262.
124, and schedule 12. Service charges, II, pp. 1262, 1308.
125. Specific performance of landlord's repairing covenants, etc. , II, p. 1264.
126. Enforceability of certain covenants in agreements relating to development land,
II, p. 1265.
127. Expenses and terms of payment of grants, etc. , II, p. 1267.
128. Orders, II, p. 1267.
129. Interpretation, II, p. 1268.
130, and schedules 13, 14, 15. Amendments , transitional provisions, savings and
repeals , II, pp. 1270, 1309-1328.
131. Short title, citation, commencement and extent, II, p. 1270.
Schedule 1. Amendments to constitution etc. of Housing Corporation, II, p. 1271 .
Schedule 2. Grant- aided land, II, p. 1272.
Schedule 3. Housing association tenancies, II, p. 1273.
Schedule 4. Notification procedure, II, p. 1284.
Schedule 5. General improvement areas , II, p. 1285.
Schedule 6. Standard amenities, II, p. 1290.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxxiii
HOUSING Aст-continued
PART IX. continued
Schedule 7. Lodging-houses and hostels : amendments of Schedule 1 to Housing
Finance Act 1972, II, p. 1290.
Schedule 8. Reduction of rateable value in case of certain improvements, II, p.
1291.
Schedule 9. Provisions to be substituted for sub-section (1) of section 60 of the
Housing Act 1957, II, p. 1295.
Schedule 10.
Schedule 11 . Rehabilitation orders, II , p. 1297.
Option mortgages : amendments of Part II of Housing Subsidies Act
1967, II, p. 1301.
Schedule 12. Service charges : amendments of sections 90 and 91 of Housing Finance
Act 1972, II , p. 1308.
Schedule 13. Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1309.
Schedule 14. Transitional provisions and savings , II, p. 1324.
Schedule 15. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1326.
HOUSING (SCOTLAND) ACT: с. 45... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1329
PART I. -FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE TOWARDS WORKS OF IMPROVEMENT,
REPAIR AND CONVERSION
§ 1. Power of local authorities to make improvement grants, II , p. 1329.
2. General provisions relating to improvement grants, II, p. 1330.
3. Conditions for approval of applications for improvement grant other than
applications relating exclusively to the provision of standard amenities ,
II, p. 1331 .
4. Approval of application for improvement grant, II, p. 1332.
5. Amount of improvement grant, II, p. 1332.
6. Payment of improvement grant, II, p. 1334.
7, and schedule 1. Duty of local authorities to make improvement grants where
an application relates exclusively to the provision of standard amenities ; and
amount thereof, II, pp. 1335, 1368 .
8. Grants restricted to applicant and his personal representatives, II , p. 1336.
9 , and schedule 2. Conditions to be observed with respect to houses in respect of
which an improvement grant has been made, and registration thereof, II , pp .
1336, 1369 .
10. Voluntary repayment of improvement grants, II, p. 1338.
11. Application of this Part of this Act to houses situated in a housing action area
and power of local authority to give repairs grant in such areas ; and amount
thereof, II, p. 1339.
12. Exchequer contributions towards improvement or repairs grants, II , p. 1340.
PART II . -SUB-STANDARD HOUSES
Houses not meeting tolerable standard
13. General duty of local authority in respect of houses not meeting tolerable
standard, II, p. 1341 .
14. Definition of house meeting tolerable standard, II, p. 1341 .
Housing Action Areas
15. Declaration of housing action areas for demolition, II, p. 1342.
16. Declaration of housing action areas for improvement, II, p. 1343.
17. Declaration of housing action areas for demolition and improvement, II,
p. 1344.
18. Provisions supplementary to sections 15, 16 and 17, II, p. 1344.
19. Functions of Secretary of State, and duty of local authority to publish informa-
tion, II , p. 1345.
20. Procedure to be followed after publication and service of notice of draft
resolution , II , p. 1346.
21. Service of notices, II, p. 1347.
22. Powers of acquisition of land within housing action areas by local authority,
II, p. 1347.
23. Local authority may acquire land surrounded by or adjoining housing action
areas, II, p. 1348.
ccxxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
HOUSING (SCOTLAND) ACT-continued
PART II . continued
24. Duty of local authorities to offer loans to meet expenses of improvement,
II, p. 1348.
25.
Reviver of sections 80 and 87 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1966, with
amendments thereto and with consequential amendments to the Schedule to
the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886 and to Schedule 5 to the Crofters
( Scotland) Act 1955, II, p. 1350.
26.
27. 28. 29. 30. 31. Provisions regarding acquisition of land by local authority, II, p. 1350.
Power of local authority to retain houses subject to demolition for temporary
occupation , II, p . 1352.
Provisions with respect to land belonging to local authority, II , p. 1352.
Compensation in respect of land acquired compulsorily, II, p. 1353 .
Payments in respect of well-maintained houses, II, p. 1353.
Local authority may take possession of land to be acquired by agreement or
appropriated for purposes of Part II, II, p. 1354.
32. Local authority may sell or lease land purchased under Part II, II, p. 1354.
33 . Extinction of rights of way, servitudes , etc. , II, p. 1354.
34. Provisions as to apparatus of public undertakers, II , p. 1355.
35. Local authority may control occupation of houses in housing action area,
II, p. 1357.
36. Obligation of local authorities in relation to rehousing in housing action
areas , II, p. 1359.
PART III . PROVISIONS RELATING TO LANDLORDS AND TENANTS IN
HOUSING ACTION AREAS
37. Application to sheriff for possession where house is identified in accordance
with section 20(1 ) as read with section 18(4)(a), II, p. 1359.
38. Application to sheriff for possession where house is identified in accordance
with section 20( 1 ) as read with section 18(4)(c), II, p. 1360.
39. Application to sheriff for possession where house is identified in accordance
with section 20(1) as read with section 18(4)(b), II, p . 1360.
40. Procedure ; and application of s . 123(1 ) of Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 , II, p . 1361 .
41. Certain provisions of Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 not to apply, II, p. 1361 .
42. Effect of refusal to make order on validity of resolution, II, p. 1361 .
PART IV.- MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
43. 44. Exclusion of houses controlled by Crown, II , p. 1362.
Power of local authority to arrange for the execution of works of improvement
by agreement with the owner, II, p. 1362.
45. Extension of power of local authorities to make advances, II, p. 1363 .
46. Rent income subsidy, II, p. 1364.
47. Expenses, II, p. 1364.
48. Orders and regulations, II, p. 1364.
49. Interpretation, II, p. 1365.
50, and schedules 3, 4, 5. Amendments, transitional provisions, savings and
repeals , II, pp. 1367, 1370-1379 .
51. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1367.
Schedule 1 . Standard amenities, II , p. 1368 .
Schedule 2.
Consequences of breach of conditions under s. 9, II, p. 1369.
Schedule 3 .
Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1370.
Schedule 4.
Transitional provisions and savings, II, p. 1378.
Schedule 5. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1379.
I
INCOME TAX. See FINANCE ACT (c. 30, Pt. II, schs. 1 , 2) .
INDEMNITY . Adaptation of rights of ( c. 4, s . 24 )
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT : с. 16... I, p. 92
...
I, p. 264
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Rental payments by television programme contractors, I, pp .
264, 270.
2. Instalments payable on account by programme contractors , I, p. 266 .
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
CCXXXV
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT-continued
3. Provision for supplementing additional payments, I, p. 267.
4. and schedules 2, 3. Short title, etc. , I , pp. 268, 273, 274.
Schedule 1. Rental payments, I, p. 270.
Schedule 2. Schedule 3. Transitional provisions , I, p. 273 .
Repeals , I, p. 274.
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY (No. 2) Аст : с. 42,... II, p. 1106
§ 1. Extension of period of Independent Broadcasting Authority's function,
II, p. 1106.
2. Short title and extent, II, p. 1106.
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT: c. 49... PART I.-RESTRICTION ON CARRYING ON INSURANCE BUSINESS
II, p. 1547
§1 . Preliminary
Classes of insurance business relevant for Part I, II, p. 1547.
Authorised insurers
2. Persons permitted to carry on insurance business, II, p. 1548 .
3. Authorisations, II, p. 1549.
4. Margin of solvency required for authorisation, II, p. 1549.
5. Paid up share capital required for authorisation, II , p. 1551 .
6. Reinsurance arrangements required for authorisation, II, p. 1551 .
7. No authorisation for body under control etc. of unfit persons, II , p . 1551 .
8. Authorisation for business limited to persons or risks of specified class ,
II, p. 1553.
9. Termination of authorisations , II , p. 1553 .
Supplementary
10. Power to amend ss. 4 and 5, II, p. 1554.
11. Offences under Part I, II, p. 1554.
PART II.- REGULATION OF INSURANCE COMPANIES
12. Preliminary
Insurance companies to which Part II applies, II, p. 1554.
Accounts and statements
13. Annual accounts and balance sheets , II, p. 1555.
14. Periodic actuarial investigation of company with long term business, II, p. 1556.
15. Appointment of actuary by company with long term business, II, p. 1556.
16. Annual statements by company with prescribed class of insurance business,
II, p. 1557.
17. Audit of accounts, II, p. 1557.
18. Deposit of accounts etc. with Secretary of State, II, p. 1557.
19. Right of shareholders and policy holders to receive copies of deposited
documents, II, p. 1559.
20. Deposit of accounts etc. by registered society, II , p. 1559 .
21. Periodic statements by company with prescribed class of business , II, p. 1560.
22. Statements of transactions of prescribed class or description , II, p. 1560.
23. 24. 25. 26. Assets and liabilities attributable to long term business
Separation of assets and liabilities attributable to long term business, II, p. 1561 .
Application of assets of company with long term business, II, p. 1561 .
Allocations to policy holders, II, p. 1562.
Restriction on transactions with connected persons, II, p. 1564.
27. Liabilities of unlimited amount
Avoidance of contracts for unlimited amounts , II, p. 1567.
ccxxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT -continued
PART II . -continued
Powers of intervention
28. Grounds on which powers are exercisable, II , p. 1567.
29. Restrictions on new business, II, p. 1569.
30. Requirements about investments, II, p. 1569.
31. Maintenance of assets in the United Kingdom, II, p. 1570.
32. Custody of assets , II , p. 1570.
33. Limitation of premium income, II , p. 1571 .
34. Actuarial investigations , II , p. 1572 .
35. Acceleration of information required by accounting provisions , II, p. 1572.
36. Power to obtain information and require production of documents, II, p. 1572.
37. Residual power to impose requirements for protection of policy holders ,
II, р. 1573.
38. Notice of proposed exercise of power under s . 29, II, p. 1574.
39. Notice of proposed exercise of powers on ground of unfitness of director or
manager, II , p. 1574.
40. Rescission , variation and publication of requirements , II, p. 1575.
41. Power of Secretary of State to bring civil proceedings on behalf of insurance
company, II , p. 1576.
Transfers of long term business
42. Sanction of court for transfer of long term business, II, p. 1577.
43. Provisions supplementary to s . 42, II, p. 1579.
Insolvency and winding up
44. Margin of solvency for general business, II, p. 1580.
45. Winding up of insurance companies under Companies Act 1948, II , p. 1581 .
46. Winding up on petition of Secretary of State , II, p. 1581.
47. Winding up of insurance companies with long term business, II, p. 1582.
48. Continuation of long term business of insurance company in liquidation,
II, p. 1583.
49. Subsidiary companies, II , p. 1584.
50. Reduction of contracts as alternative to winding up, II, p. 1585.
51. Winding up rules, II, p. 1585.
Changes ofdirector, controller or manager
52. Approval of proposed managing director or chief executive of insurance
53. Approval of person proposing to become controller of insurance company
company, II, p. 1586 .
where s . 52 does not apply, II, p. 1587.
54. Duty to notify change of director, controller or manager, II, p. 1588.
Miscellaneous
55. Documents deposited with Secretary of State, II, p. 1588.
56. Power to treat certain business as or as not being ordinary long-term insurance
business, II , p. 1589.
57. 58. Power to modify Part II in relation to particular companies, II, p. 1589.
Power to amend s . 44, II, p. 1589.
59. Power to alter insurance company's financial year, II, p. 1590.
60. Service of notices, II, p. 1590.
61. Offences under Part II, II, p. 1590.
PART III . -CONDUCT OF INSURANCE BUSINESS
62. Insurance advertisements, II, p. 1592.
63. Misleading statements etc. inducing persons to enter into contracts of insurance,
II, p. 1593 .
64. Intermediaries in insurance transactions , II, p. 1593.
65. Statutory notice by insurer in relation to long term policy, II, p. 1593.
66. Right to withdraw from transaction in respect of long term policy, II, p. 1594.
67. Service of notice of cancellation, II, p. 1595.
68. Linked long term policies, II, p. 1596.
69. Scope of Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958, II, p. 1598 .
70. Capital redemption business, II, p. 1598 .
71 . Penalties and offences under Part III, II, p. 1598.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxxvii
INSURANCE COMPANIES ACT -continued
PART IV. SPECIAL CLASSES OF INSURERS
72. Industrial assurance business, II , p. 1598.
73. Requirements to be complied with by Lloyd's underwriters etc. , II, p. 1600.
74. Statement of business by Committee of Lloyd's etc. , II, p. 1600.
75. Companies established outside Great Britain, II, p. 1601.
76. Unregistered companies, II, p. 1601 .
77. Insurance companies formed before 1967 in contravention of s. 434 of Companies
Act 1948, II , p. 1602.
PART V. -SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Valuation regulations
78. Power to make valuation regulations, II, p. 1602.
Criminal proceedings
79. Criminal liability of directors , II, p. 1602.
80. Criminal proceedings against unincorporated bodies, II, p. 1603 .
81. Restriction on institution of prosecutions , II, p. 1603.
82. Summary proceedings, II , p. 1603.
Interpretation
83. Definitions of classes of insurance business, II, p. 1604.
84. Insurance business of one class incidental to insurance business of different
class, II, p. 1606.
85. General interpretation, II, p. 1608.
Supplementary
86. Regulations and orders, II, p. 1611.
87. Annual report by Secretary of State, II , p. 1611 .
88, and schedules 1 , 2. Consequential amendments, repeals and savings, II, pp.
1611, 1614, 1615.
89. Transitory provisions relating to coming into force of Insurance Companies
Amendment Act 1973, II , p. 1612.
90. Short title, commencement and extent, II , p. 1613.
Schedule 1. Consequential amendments, II, p. 1614.
Schedule 2. Repeals, II, p. 1614.
ISLE OF MAN. Application to, under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s. 6(2))
... .. ... I, p. 124
Carriage of Passengers by Road Act (c. 35, s . 9(a))
... ... I, p. 628
Dumping at Sea Act (c. 20, s . 15(3))... ... I, p. 294
Friendly Societies Act (c. 46, ss. 112, 117( 3))... II, pp. 1450, 1452
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act(c. 16, s. 4(3)) I, p. 269
Independent Broadcasting Authority (No. 2) Act (c. 42, s. 2( 3)) II, p. 1106
Pensions (Increase) Act ( c. 9, s . 6(2)(b)) ...... ... ... I, p. 225
Statute Law (Repeals) Act (c. 22, s . 3( 2))... ... ... I, p. 302
ISLES OF SCILLY. Application to, under-
Health and Safety at Work etc. Act (c. 37, s. 54 )
... ... I, p. 695
Local Government Act (c. 7, s . 43 (5))
... ... ... ... I, p. 168
J
JURIES ACT: с. 23... ... ... ... ... I, p. 339
§ 1, and schedule 1. Qualification for jury service, I, pp. 339, 350.
2. Summoning, I, p. 339.
3. Electoral register as basis of jury selection, I, p. 340.
4. Withdrawal or alteration of summons, I, p. 341.
5. Panels, I, p. 341 .
ccxxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
JURIES ACT-continued
6. 7. 8. Summoning in exceptional circumstances, I, p. 342.
Attendance and service, I, p. 342.
Excusal for previous jury service, I, p. 342.
9, and schedule 1. Excusal for certain persons and discretionary excusal, I, pp.
343, 350.
10. Discharge of summons in case of doubt as to capacity to act effectively as a
juror, I, p. 343.
11 . The ballot and swearing of jurors , I, p. 343 .
12. Challenge, I, p. 344.
13. Separation, I, p. 345.
14. Views, I , p. 345.
15. Refreshment, I, p. 345 .
16. Continuation of criminal trial on death or discharge of a juror, I, p. 345.
17. Majority verdicts , I, p . 345.
18. Judgments: stay or reversal, I, p . 346.
19. Payment for jury service , I, p. 346.
20. Offences , I, p. 347.
21. Supplemental, I, p. 348.
22, and schedules 2, 3. Consequential amendments, savings and repeals, I, pp .
349, 353-355.
23. Short title, interpretation , commencement and extent, I, p. 349.
Schedule 1. Ineligibility and disqualification for, and excusal from, jury service ,
I, p. 350.
Schedule 2. Amendments of Coroners Act 1887, I, p. 353.
Schedule 3. Repeals, I, p. 355.
K
KNACKERS' YARDS. See SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT (c. 3) .
L
LAND.
Power of compulsory purchase of land ( c. 3, s . 30 )
I, p. 52
LAND TENURE REFORM (SCOTLAND) ACT : с. 38...
... I , p. 761
PART I. -PROHIBITION OF FUTURE FEUDUTIES, AND
REDEMPTION OF FEUDUTIES, ETC.
§1 . 2. Prohibition of new feuduties, I, p. 761 .
Prohibition of new ground annuals and other periodical payments from land,
I, p. 762.
3. Charters of novodamus, etc., I, p. 762.
4 , and schedule 1. Right to redeem feuduty, ground annual, etc. on a term day,
I, pp . 762, 779.
5, and schedule 2. Redemption by law of feuduty, ground annual, etc. on transfer
of land for valuable consideration, I, pp. 764, 780.
6, and schedule 3. Redemption by law of feuduty, ground annual, etc. on acquisi-
tion of land by authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, I, pp.
766, 780.
7, and schedule 4. Transitional and supplementary provisions relative to Part I,
I, pp. 768, 781 .
PART II.--LIMITATIONS ON RESIDENTIAL USE OF PROPERTY LET UNDER
FUTURE LONG LEASES
8. Property let under future long lease, etc. not to be used as private dwelling-
house, I , p. 769 .
9, and schedule 5. Consequences of use as dwelling- house of property subject
to long lease, I, pp. 771 , 781 .
10. Modification of s. 9 where lease subject to sub- lease or heritable security,
I, p. 772.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxxxix
LAND TENURE REFORM (SCOTLAND) ACT-continued
PART III . MISCELLANEOUS
11. Right to redeem heritable security after 20 years where security subjects used
12. Restriction to 20 years of period within which certain rights of redemption
as private dwelling-house, I, p. 773 .
13. and reversion are exercisable, I, p. 775.
Restrictions on rights of pre- emption to apply in every case, I, p. 775.
14. Amendment of s . 17 of Crofters (Scotland ) Act 1955, I , p. 775 .
15. Limitation or right of irritancy for non-payment of feuduty, I, p. 776.
16. No casualties in future leases, I, p. 776.
17. Interposed leases, I, p. 776.
18, and schedule 6. Amendment of law relating to registration of leases, I, pp.
777, 782.
19. Recording of extract orders of Lands Tribunal, I, p . 777.
20. Abolition of registration and recording, etc. ofdocuments in Office of Chancery ,
I, p. 777.
PART IV. -GENERAL
21. Provisions for contracting out to be void, I, p. 777 .
22. Application to Crown, I, p. 778.
23, and schedule 7. Interpretation and repeals , I, pp. 778, 783 .
24. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 778 .
Schedule 1. Forms prescribed under section 4, I, p. 779.
Schedule 2.
Form of notice prescribed under section 5, I, p. 780.
Schedule 3.
Form of notice prescribed under section 6, I, p. 780.
Schedule 4.
Statement referred to in section 7(1 )(b), I , p. 781 .
Schedule 5.
Form of notice prescribed under section 9, p. 781 .
Schedule 6.
Amendment of law relating to registration of leases , I, p. 782.
Schedule 7. Repeals, I, p. 783.
LAW SOCIETY. See LEGAL AID ACT (c. 4) .
LEGAL AID ACT : c. 4 ...... ... ... ... I, p. 69
PART I. LEGAL ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE AND LEGAL AID SO FAR AS NOT
AVAILABLE UNDER PART II
Legal advice and assistance
§ 1. Persons eligible for advice and assistance, I, p. 69.
2. Scope and general conditions of advice and assistance , I, p. 70.
3. Financial limit on prospective cost of advice and assistance , I, p. 71 .
4. Contributions from persons receiving advice or assistance , I, p . 72.
5. Payment of charges or fees otherwise than through client's contribution ,
I, p. 73.
Legal aid
6. Persons eligible for legal aid, I, p. 75.
7, and schedule 1. Scope and general conditions of legal aid, I, pp. 75, 110.
8. Financial conditions of legal aid, I, p. 76.
9. Contributions from persons receiving legal aid and charge on property recovered ,
I, p. 77.
10, and schedule 2. Remuneration of persons giving legal aid, I, pp. 78, 111.
11. 12. Assessment of resources etc.
Assessment of disposable capital and income etc., I, p. 79.
Solicitors and counsel
Panels of solicitors and counsel, I , p. 80.
13. 14. Costs of successful unassisted parties
Power to award costs out of legal aid fund, I, p. 81 .
Provisions supplementary to section 13 , I, p. 82.
ccxl Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
LEGAL AID ACT-continued
PART I. continued
Administration and finance
15. Functions of Law Society, I, p. 83 .
16. Employment of solicitors by Law Society, I, p. 84.
17. Legal aid fund, I, p. 86.
18. Accounts and audit, I, p. 87.
19. Pension rights of employees, I, p. 88.
Miscellaneous and supplemental
20. Regulations, I, p. 88.
21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. Advisory committee, I, p. 90.
Secrecy, I, p. 91 .
Proceedings for misrepresentation etc. , I, p. 91 .
Adaptation of rights of indemnity, I, p. 92.
Interpretation of Part I, I, p. 93 .
Appeals in forma pauperis to Privy Council, I , p. 94.
27. Application to Crown, I, p. 94.
PART II . -LEGAL AID IN CRIMINAL PROCEEDINGS AND
PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO CHILDREN AND YOUNG PERSONS
Legal aid
28. Power to order legal aid to be given, I, p. 94.
29. Circumstances in which legal aid may be ordered to be given, I, p. 96.
30. Scope of legal aid and supplementary provisions as to legal aid orders,
I, p. 97.
31. Amendment and revocation of legal aid orders , I, p. 99.
Contributions from persons receiving legal aid
32. Power to order payment of contributions, I, p. 100.
33. Means enquiry by Supplementary Benefits Commission, I, p. 101 .
34. Computation of resources , I, p. 102.
35, and schedule 3. Enforcement of legal aid contribution orders, I, pp. 102, 112.
36. Recovery of costs and refund of contributions, I, p. 103 .
Miscellaneous and supplemental
37. Payment of costs of legal aid , I, p. 104.
38 . Solicitors and counsel, I, p. 104.
39. Regulations, I, p. 105.
40. Interpretation of Part II, I, p. 107 .
PART III . -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
41, and schedule 4. Consequential amendments, I, pp. 108, 113.
42 , and schedule 5. Repeals, revocations and savings, I, pp. 108, 114.
43. Short title, construction, commencement and extent, I, p. 108.
Schedule 1. Proceedings for which legal aid may be given under Part I-
Part I. Description of proceedings, I, p. 110.
Part II . Excepted proceedings, I, p. 111 .
Schedule 2.
Remuneration of persons giving legal aid under Part I, I, p. 111 .
Schedule 3 . Enforcement of legal aid contribution orders, I, p. 112.
Schedule 4. Consequential amendments, I, p. 113.
Schedule 5. Repeals and revocations-
Part I. Enactments repealed, I, p. 114.
Part II. Regulations revoked, I, p. 115 .
LIMITATION OF TIME. Provisions under-
Legal Aid Act (c. 4, s . 23(2))... ... ... ... ... I, p. 92
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxli
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT: с. 7... ... ... I, p. 125
PART I. -GRANTS
Rate support grants
§ 1 , and schedule 1 .
Rate support grants, I, pp. 125, 169.
2 , and schedule 2. Elements of rate support grants, I, pp. 128, 172.
3. Rate support grant orders, I, p. 129.
4. 5. Variation of rate support grant orders, I, p. 129.
Reduction of grants in case of default, I, p. 131 .
Grants for particular purposes
6 , and schedule 1. Supplementary grants for transport purposes, I, pp. 132, 169.
7. Supplementary grants towards expenditure with respect to National Parks,
I, p. 134.
8, and schedule 1. Specific grants for purposes not covered by rate support
grants, I, pp. 134, 169.
9. Grants and loans by the Countryside Commission, I, p. 135.
Supplementary
10. Supplementary provisions for Part I, I, p. 135.
PART II . -RATING
11. The statutory rate rebate scheme, I, p. 137.
12. Local rate rebate schemes, I, p. 137.
13. Residential occupiers, I, p. 139.
14. Supplementary provisions as to eligibility for rate rebates , I, p. 140.
15. Rating of unoccupied property, I, p. 141 .
16. Rating surcharge on unused office, etc. , property, I, p. 143.
17. Increases in statutory deduction from gross value: alteration of valuation
lists, I, p. 146.
18. Rating of plant and machinery, I, p. 146.
19, and schedule 3. Rating of certain public utilities and other bodies, I, pp. 147,
177.
20. Exemption from rates for certain hereditaments comprising facilities for
disabled persons, I, p. 147.
21. Valuation lists not to be altered on account of minor structural alterations to
dwellings , I, p. 148.
22. Interpretation of Part II, I, p. 150.
PART III . -LOCAL GOVERNMENT ADMINISTRATION
23, and schedule 4. The Commissions for Local Administration, I, pp. 150, 178.
24. Bodies representing authorities to which Part III applies, I, p. 152.
25. Authorities subject to investigation, I, p. 153 .
26, and schedule 5. Matters subject to investigation, I, pp. 153, 181 .
27. Provisions relating to complaints, I, p . 155.
28. Procedure in respect of investigations, I, p. 155.
29. Investigations : further provisions, I, p. 156.
30. Reports on investigations , I, p. 158.
31. Reports on investigations : further provisions, I, p. 159.
32. Law of defamation, and disclosure of information, I, p. 159.
33. Consultation between Local Commissioners, the Parliamentary Commissioner
and the Health Service Commissioners, I, p. 161 .
34. Interpretation of Part III, I, p. 162.
PART IV. -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
35, and schedule 6. Removal or relaxation of controls affecting certain local
authority functions , I, pp. 163, 182.
36. Recovery by local authorities of establishment charges, I, p. 163.
37. Extension of power of local authorities to make advances, I, p. 164.
38. Collection by local authorities of charges payable in respect of services pro-
vided by water authorities , I, p. 165 .
39. Compensation for loss of office : extension of cases for which regulations may
provide, I, p. 166.
40. Classification of highways, I, p. 167.
41. Expenses, I, p. 167.
ccxlii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT-continued
PART IV. continued
42 , and schedules 7, 8. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals,
I, pp. 195, 205.
43. Short title, commencement, construction, application and extent, I, p. 168 .
Schedule 1. Termination or modification of certain existing grants, I, p. 169.
Schedule 2.
Schedule 3. Elements of rate support grants, I, p. 172.
Hereditaments to which section 19( 1 ) applies , I, p. 177 .
Schedule 4. The Commissions, I, p. 178 .
Schedule 5.
Matters not subject to investigation, I, p. 181 .
Schedule 6.
Relaxation and removal of controls, I, p. 182.
Schedule 7.
Minor and consequential amendments, I, p. 195.
Schedule 8 .
Enactments repealed, I, p. 199.
LORD CHANCELLOR (TENURE OF OFFICE AND DISCHARGE OF ECCLESIASTICAL
FUNCTIONS) Aст: с. 25... ... ...
... I, p. 369
§ 1. Declaratory provision as to office of Lord Chancellor, I, p. 369.
2. Provision for alternative exercise of functions normally performed by Lord
Chancellor, I, p. 369.
3. Short title, I, p. 369.
LORD HIGH COMMISSIONER (CHURCH OF SCOTLAND) ACT : c. 19 ... I, p. 281
§ 1. Allowance payable to the Lord High Commissioner to the General Assembly
of the Church of Scotland, I, p. 281 .
2. 3. Financial provision, I, p. 281 .
Short title and repeal, I, p. 281 .
M
MAGISTRATES' COURT. ( See also LEGAL AID ACT ( c. 4 ) ). Appeals to, under-
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3, s. 6(1 ))
... I , p. 43
MERCHANT SHIPPING ACT: c. 43...
... ... II, p. 1107
PART I. THE INTERNATIONAL OIL POLLUTION COMPENSATION FUND
§ 1. Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 1107.
2. 3. Contributions to Fund
Contributions by importers of oil and others, II, p. 1109.
Power to obtain information, II, p. 1111 .
4 , and schedule 1. Compensation for persons suffering pollution damage
Liability of the Fund, II, pp. 1112, 1129.
5. Indemnification of shipowners
Indemnification where damage is caused by ship registered in Fund Convention
country, II , p. 1115.
Supplemental
6, and schedule 1. Jurisdiction and effect of judgments, II, pp. 1116, 1129.
7. Extinguishment of claims , II, p. 1117 .
8. Subrogation and rights of recourse, II, p. 1117.
9. Modification of limitation of liability under Act of 1971 , II, p. 1118.
PART II.-OIL TANKERS
10. Interpretation of Part II, II, p. 1118.
11 , and schedule 2. Design and construction of oil tankers, II, pp. 1119, 1129.
12, and schedule 3. Restrictions on tankers sailing from United Kingdom ports,
II, pp. 1120, 1131 .
13. Restrictions on uncertificated tankers, II, p. 1121 .
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxliii
MERCHANT SHIPPING Act-continued
PART III . -PROTECTION OF SHIPPING AND TRADING INTERESTS
14, and schedule 4. Foreign action affecting shipping, II, pp. 1122, 1132.
15. Parliamentary control of orders under Part III, II, p. 1124 .
PART IV. SUBMERSIBLE APPARATUS
16. Apparatus to which Part IV applies , II, p. 1125.
17, and schedule 5. Safety of submersible and supporting apparatus, II, pp .
1125, 1133.
PART V.-MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Miscellaneous
18. 19. Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, II, p. 1126.
Offences by seamen, II, p. 1126.
Supplemental
20. Extension to British possessions etc. , II, p. 1127.
21. Financial provisions, II, p. 1127.
22. Offences by bodies corporate, II, p. 1127.
23. Construction and interpretation, II, p. 1128.
24. Citation, commencement, repeals and extent, II, p. 1128.
Schedule 1. Overall limit on liability of Fund, II, p. 1129.
Schedule 2.
Oil tankers, II , p. 1129.
Schedule 3. Certified oil tankers , II, p. 1131 .
Schedule 4.
Protection of shipping and trading interests, II, p. 1132.
Schedule 5. Regulations relating to submersible and supporting apparatus,
II, р. 1133.
MINES WORKING FACILITIES AND SUPPORT Aст: с. 36
... ... I, p. 641
§ 1. Amendment of paragraph 1 of the Table to section 1 of the Mines (Working
Facilities and Support) Act 1966, I, p. 641 .
2. Consequential repeals , I , p. 642.
3. Short title, and interpretation and extent, I, p. 642.
MINISTERS OF THE CROWN ACT: c. 21... ...
... ... I, p. 295
§ 1. New provisions about Ministerial salaries, I, p. 295.
2. Increase in limit on number of Ministers in Commons, I, p. 297.
3, and schedule 1. Department in charge of Minister not in the Cabinet, I,
pp. 297, 298.
4 , and schedules 2, 3. Short title, etc., I, pp. 297, 299, 300.
Schedule 1. Functions of Minister of Overseas Development, I, p. 298.
Schedule 2. Department in charge of Minister not in the Cabinet, I , p. 299.
Schedule 3. Repeals, I, p. 300.
N
NATIONAL INSURANCE АСТ: с. 14... ... .. .. ... I , p. 237
Benefits and contributions
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Weekly rates of benefits under National Insurance Acts 1965
and 1966, I, pp. 237, 245.
2, and schedule 2. Contributions under National Insurance Act 1965, I, pp. 238,
247.
3, and schedule 3. Industrial injuries and diseases (benefits and contributions) ,
4. I, pp. 239 , 249.
Relaxation of the earnings rule, I, p. 239.
Miscellaneous
5. Amendment of s. 39 of the Social Security Act 1973, I, p. 240.
6 , and schedule 4. Minor supplementary provisions and amendments of certain
social security enactments, I, pp. 241, 252.
2P
ccxliv Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
NATIONAL INSURANCE ACT-continued
Supplemental
7. Expenses, I, p. 243 .
8, and schedules 5, 6. Citation, construction, commencement, repeals and extent ,
I, pp. 243, 259-262.
Schedule 1 .
Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 3 to National Insurance Act
1965, I, p. 245 .
Schedule 2.
Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 1 to National Insurance Act
1965, I, p. 247.
Schedule 3. Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 3 to National Insurance
(Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, I, p. 249.
Schedule 4.
Minor amendments of social security enactments, I, p. 252 .
Schedule 5 .
Commencement and transitional provisions, I, p. 259.
Schedule 6. Repeals , I, p. 261 .
NATIONAL THEATRE Aст: с. 55... ... ... II, p. 1822
§ 1. Removal of limit on contribution to cost of national theatre, II, p. 1822.
2. Short title, citation and repeals, II, p. 1822.
NORTHERN IRELAND. Application to, under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s . 6(1 ))... ... ... ... I , p. 124
Dumping at Sea Act (c. 20, s . 15(2))... ... ... I, p. 294
Friendly Societies Act (c. 46, ss . 111(6), 117( 3))... II, pp. 1450, 1452
Horticulture (Special Payments) Act (c. 5, s. 6(2))... ... I , p. 120
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act ( c. 16, s . 4(2)) I, p. 268
Independent Broadcasting Authority (No. 2) Act ( c. 42, s. 2( 2)) II, p. 1106
National Insurance Act (c. 14, s. 8(6))... ... ... p. 244
Northern Ireland ( Young Persons) Act ( c. 33, s. 4 )... ... I, p. 622
Pensions (Increase ) Act ( c. 9, s . 6(2)(b))... ... ... ... I, p. 225
Pensioners' Payments Act ( c. 54, s . 5( 4))... ... ... II, p. 1815
Policing of Airports Act (c. 41 , s. 9).. II, p. 1104
Preventionof Terrorism (Temporary Provisions)Act(c. 56, s. 7(5)) II, p. 1823
Railways Act (c. 48, s. 10 (3))... II, p. 1539
Road Traffic Act ( c. 50, s. 20( 2)(3))... ... ... ... II, p. 1617
Social Security Amendment Act (c. 58, s. 6(5))... ... ... II, p. 1839
Solicitors Act (c. 47, s. 90 (4 )(a))... ... ... ... II, p. 1475
Solicitors ( Amendment) Act ( c. 26, s. 19(11)( a))... ... I , p. 384
Statute Law (Repeals) Act (c. 22, s . 3( 1 ))... ... I, p. 302
Trade Union and Labour Relations Act ( c. 52, s. 31( 5) )
... II, p. 1731
NORTHERN IRELAND Aст: с. 28... ... ... ...
... I , p. 407
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Dissolution and prorogation of existing Assembly and
temporary provision for government of Northern Ireland, I, pp. 407, 410.
2, and schedule 2. Constitutional Convention on future government of Northern
Ireland, I, pp. 408, 410.
3. Short title, I, p. 409.
Schedule 1. Temporary provision for government of Northern Ireland, I, p. 410.
Schedule 2. Convention on future government of Northern Ireland, I, p. 413.
NORTHERN IRELAND ( YOUNG PERSONS) ACт: с. 33... ... I, p. 620
§ 1. Holding in custody of young persons charged with certain offences , I, p. 620.
2. Directions under section 1, I, p. 621 .
3. Duration, expiry and revival of section 1, I, p. 621 .
4. Short title and extent, I, p. 622.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxlv
P
PAKISTAN Aст: с. 34... ... ...
...
§ 1. Extension of voting rights, I, p. 624.
2. Minor amendments and repeals, I, p. 624.
3. Short title and citation , I, p. 624.
PARKS REGULATION AMENDMENT Aст : с. 29
I, p. 624
I , p. 417
PARLIAMENT.
Orders, regulations, reports, etc. , to be laid before Parliament under-
Dumping at Sea Act ( c. 20, s . 14(2))... ... I, p. 294
Friendly Societies Act (c. 46, s . 6( 1 ))... ... ... II, p. 1383
Legal Aid Act (c. 4, s . 21 (3))... ... I , p. 91
Prevention of Terrorism (Temporary Provisions) Act (c. 56, s . 9(8)(a))
II, p. 1823
Solicitors (Amendment) Act ( c. 26, s . 7(11)) I, p. 375
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions) Act ( c. 8, sch. 3 paras .
4 , 7 )... ... I, p. 218, 219
Orders, regulations, etc. subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament under-
Education (Mentally Handicapped Children ) ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 27,
s . 1 (5))... ... I, p. 405
Health and Safety at Work etc. Act ( c. 37, ss. 60( 3), 79(6), 83(2)(b))
I, pp. 699, 728 , 730
Housing Act (c. 44, s. 119(6 )) I, p. 1256
Legal Aid Act (c. 4, ss. 20 ( 7 ), 39(5)) I, pp. 90, 107
Local Government Act ( c. 7, ss . 10( 4), 24(3), 25( 3) , 26(9)
II, pp. 136, 152, 153, 155
National Insurance Act ( c . 14, s . 6(3))...
...
... I, p. 242
Northern Ireland Act ( c. 28, sch. 2 para. 15(6))
... ... I, p. 416
Pensions ( Increase) Act (c. 9, s. 4(3))
... I, p. 225
Policing of Airports Act ( c. 41, ss. 1 (3)(a), 3(8),
6(7))
II, pp. 1098, 1100, 1103
Slaughterhouses Act ( c. 3, ss. 2(7), 33(3)(a), 44)
... II, pp. 41 , 54, 61
Orders to be laid before House of Commons under-
Local Government Act (c. 7, s. 3( 3))
I, p. 129
Northern Ireland Act ( c. 28, sch. 1 para. 5(1))
... ... I, p. 412
Resolution of both Houses required for approval of orders, etc. under-
Horticulture (Special Payments) Act (c. 5, s. 1 (5)(c))
... I, p. 118
Independent Broadcasting Authority Act (c. 16, s. 3)
... I, p. 267
Legal Aid Act (c. 4, s. 20( 8))
... I, p. 90
Local Government Act ( c. 7, ss. 19( 5), 21 (6), 35(5)) I, pp. 147, 149, 163
Northern Ireland Act (c. 28, sch. 1 para. 1 (5))
... I, p. 410
Northern Ireland (Young Persons) Act ( c. 33, s . 3(4))
... I, p. 622
Policing of Airports Act (c. 41 , s. 1 ( 3)(b))
... ... ... II, p. 1098
Resolution of the House of Commons required for approval of orders, etc.
under-
Local Government Act (c. 7, ss . 3( 2), 5(1 ))... I, pp. 129,131
Statutory Corporations (Financial Provisions ) Act ( c. 8, s. 2( 7))
I, p. 209
ccxlvi Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
PARTNERSHIP. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 30, Pt. II) .
PENSIONS (INCREASE ) ACT: c. 9... ... ... ... ... I, p. 221
§ 1 , and schedule. Increase of certain official pensions , I, pp. 221, 226.
2. Provisions supplementary to s. 1, I, p. 222.
3. Amendments of Pensions (Increase) Act 1971 , I, p. 223 .
4. Interpretation etc., I, p. 224.
5. Expenses, I , p. 225.
6. Short title and extent, I, p. 225.
Schedule. Percentage increases of basic rates of pensions, I, p. 226.
PENSIONERS' PAYMENTS ACT: c. 54... ...
§ 1. Lump sum payments to pensioners, II, p. 1815.
2. Interpretation, II, p. 1816.
3. Administration, II, p. 1819.
4. Financial provisions, II, p. 1820.
5. Short title and supplementary provisions, II, p. 1821 .
... II, p. 1815
POLICING OF AIRPORTS ACT: c. 41
... ... ...
... II, p. 1097
§ 1. Designated airports , II, p. 1097.
2.
Exercise of police functions at designated airports, II, p. 1098.
3. Prevention of theft at designated airports, II, p. 1099.
4 . Byelaws for designated airports , II , p. 1100.
5. Control of road traffic at designated airports, II, p. 1101 .
6. Supplementary orders , II, p . 1101 .
7. Contribution by Secretary of State to expenses of aerodrome authorities,
II, p. 1103.
8. Application to Scotland, II, p. 1103.
9. Application to Northern Ireland, II, p. 1104.
10. Short title and interpretation, II, p. 1104.
PREVENTION OF TERRORISM (TEMPORARY PROVISIONS) ACT: с. 56
II , p. 1823
PART I. -PROSCRIBED ORGANISATIONS
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Proscribed organisations , II, pp. 1823, 1832.
2. Display of support in public for a proscribed organisation, II, p. 1824.
PART II . -EXCLUSION ORDERS
3, and schedule 2. Orders to prevent terrorism, II, pp. 1825, 1832.
4. Right to make representations to Secretary of State, II, p. 1826.
5. Powers of removal, II, p. 1827.
6. Exclusion orders against persons who are not citizens of the United Kingdom
and Colonies , II, p. 1827.
PART III . GENERAL AND MISCELLANEOUS
7. Powers of arrest and detention, II, p. 1828.
8. Control of entry and procedure for removal, II, p. 1828.
9, and schedule 3. Supplemental provisions, II, pp. 1829.
10. Financial provisions, II, p. 1830.
11. Power to extend to Channel Islands and Isle of Man, II, p. 1830.
12. Duration, expiry and revival of Act, II , p. 1831 .
13. Short title and extent, II, p. 1831 .
Schedule 1. Proscribed organisations, II, p. 1832.
Schedule 2. Exclusion orders : calculation of period of residence, II, p. 1832.
chedule 3. Supplemental provisions for sections 1 to 8 , II, p. 1833 .
PRICES ACT: с. 24... ... ... ... ... ... I, p. 356
§1. 2. Food subsidies, I, p. 356.
Power of Secretary of State to regulate price of food and certain other goods,
I , p. 358.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxlvii
PRICES ACT-continued
3. Additional powers of Price Commission to prevent or restrict price increases,
I, p. 360.
4. Price marking, I, p. 361 .
5. Price range notices , I, p. 362.
6. Power to abolish Pay Board, I, p. 362.
7, and schedule. Enforcement, I, pp. 362, 364.
8. Financial provisions, I, p. 363.
9. Short title and interpretation, I, p. 363.
Schedule. Enforcement, I, p. 364.
R
RABIES ACT: с. 17... ... ... ... ... ... ... I, p. 275
§ 1. Infected areas -destruction of foxes and other wild mammals, I, p. 275.
2. Infected areas additional powers, I, p. 276.
3. Powers as to quarantine and control of rabies virus, I, p. 276.
4 . Notice of Animals affected with rabies, I, p. 277.
5. Destruction of imported animals, I, p. 277.
6. Proceedings for offences connected with importation, I, p. 277.
7. Interpretation, I, p. 277 .
8. Saving for existing powers, I, p. 277.
9, and schedule. Short title, repeals and extent, I, pp. 277, 278.
Schedule. Enactments repealed, I, p. 278.
RAILWAYS ACT: c. 48... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1539
§ 1. Reduction in capital debt of the Railways Board, II, p. 1539.
2. Increase in borrowing powers of the Railways Board, II, p. 1540.
3. Functions of the Secretary of State in relation to the Railways Board under
4. The Board's duties in relation to policies , plans and information, II, p. 1540.
certain transport regulations, II, p. 1540.
5. Railway, etc. , pension schemes, II, p. 1541 .
6. Provisions supplementary to section 5, II, p. 1543.
7. Reimbursement of the Board's expenditure in repaying deposits of pension
funds, II, p. 1544.
8. Grants to assist the provision of facilities for freight haulage by rail, II, p . 1544.
9. Salaries of chairmen of Transport Consultative Committees, II , p. 1545.
10. Short title, interpretation, extent and commencement, II, p. 1546.
RATING AND VALUATION. See LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT ( c. 7, Pt . II) .
REHABILITATION OF OFFENDERS ACT : с. 53... ... ... II, p. 1799
§ 1. Rehabilitated persons and spent convictions, II, p. 1799.
2. Rehabilitation of persons dealt with in service disciplinary proceedings ,
II, p. 1801 .
3. Special provision with respect to certain disposals by children's hearings under
the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, II, p. 1802.
4. Effect of rehabilitation, II, p. 1802.
5. Rehabilitation periods for particular sentences , II , p. 1804.
6. The rehabilitation period applicable to a conviction, II, p. 1808 .
7. 8. Limitations on rehabilitation under this Act, etc. , II, p. 1810.
Defamation actions, II, p. 1811.
9. Unauthorized disclosure of spent convictions, II, p. 1813 .
10. Orders, II , p. 1814.
11. Citation, commencement and extent, II, p. 1814.
RENT ACT: с. 51... ... ... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1693
Modifications of Rent Act in relation to furnished and other tenancies
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Extension of protection afforded to furnished tenancies ,
II, pp. 1693, 1712.
ccxlviii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
RENT ACT-continued
2 , and schedule 2. Certain tenancies not to be protected, II, pp. 1694, 1716.
3. Recovery of possession of dwelling- houses let on certain tenancies , II, p. 1695 .
4. Advance application for registration of a new rent, II, p. 1698.
5. Transitional provisions affecting furnished lettings which become furnished
tenancies , II, p. 1699.
Furnished lettings (England and Wales)
6. Furnished lettings : increase in rateable value limits, II, p. 1700.
7. Furnished lettings : amendments relating to control and registration of rents ,
II, p. 1701.
8. Furnished lettings : amendments relating to security of tenure, II, p. 1702.
Furnished lettings (Scotland )
9. Furnished lettings : amendments relating to control and registration of rents,
II, p. 1702.
10. Furnished lettings : amendments relating to security of tenure, II, p. 1703.
Supplementary
11. Rent allowances, II, p. 1704.
12. Rent allowances in Scotland, II, p. 1706.
13. Effect on furnished sub-tenancy of determination of superior unfurnished
tenancy, II, p. 1708.
14. Power of court, in action for possession, to reduce period of notice to quit,
II, p. 1708.
15. Interpretation, II, p. 1709.
16, and schedules 3, 4. Transitional provisions and repeals, II, pp. 1710, 1723-1728 .
17. Short title, citation, application, commencement and extent, II, p. 1710.
Schedule 1. Consequential amendments of Rent Act, II, p. 1712.
Schedule 2. Tenancies granted by resident landlords, II, p. 1716.
Schedule 3. Transitional provisions , II , p. 1723 .
Schedule 4. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1728.
REPRESENTATION OF THE PEOPLE Аст: с. 10...
I , p. 228
§ 1. 2. Limits on parliamentary election expenses, I, p. 228.
Citation, I , p. 229.
REPRESENTATION OF THE PEOPLE (No. 2) Aст: с. 13
§ 1. Limits on election expenses, I, p. 235.
2. Citation, I, p. 236.
I, p. 235
ROAD TRAFFIC Act: c. 50... ІП, р. 1617
Liability of vehicle owners
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Liability of vehicle owner in respect of certain fixed penalty
offences, II, pp. 1617, 1648.
2 , and schedule 1. Liability of vehicle owner in respect of excess parking charges,
II, pp . 1619, 1648.
3. Hired vehicles, II, p. 1622.
4. Time for bringing, and evidence in, proceedings for certain offences , II, p. 1623.
5. Provisions supplementary to sections 1 to 4 and Schedule 1, II, p. 1624.
Amendments of Road Traffic Act 1972
6. Traffic surveys, II, p. 1626.
7. Prohibition of parking of vehicles on verges, central reservations and footways,
II, p. 1627.
8. Duty of local authorities to promote road safety, II, p. 1629.
9. Extension of construction and use regulations to lights, II, p. 1630.
10, and schedule 2. Extension of type approval scheme to all vehicles and to
vehicle parts, II, pp. 1631 , 1649.
11. Extension of prohibition on dealing in unroadworthy vehicles, II, p. 1634.
12. Fitting and sale of defective or unsuitable vehicle parts, II, p. 1634.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccxlix
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT-continued
13, and schedule 3. Amendments relating to licensing of drivers of vehicles ,
II, pp. 1636, 1652.
14. Weighing of motor vehicles, II, p. 1638.
Miscellaneous
15. Reduction of minimum age for driving heavy goods vehicles, II, p. 1640.
16, and schedule 4. Amendments relating to operators' licences , II, pp. 1642, 1660.
17. Experimental introduction of road humps for controlling vehicle speeds,
II, p. 1642.
18. 19. Use of pyrotechnic flares by police for traffic purposes, II, p. 1644.
Power of police or local authority to retain custody of removed vehicles until
charges are paid, II, p. 1644.
20. Authorised insurers required to be members of Motor Insurers ' Bureau,
II, p. 1644.
21 , and schedule 5. Variation of penalties for certain offences, II, pp. 1645, 1664.
22. Jurisdiction of courts of summary jurisdiction in Scotland for certain offences,
II, p. 1646.
23. Interpretation, II, p. 1646.
24, and schedules 6, 7. Short title, amendments , repeals , commencement and
extent, II , pp. 1646, 1685-1691 .
Schedule 1. Statutory statements , II, p. 1648.
Schedule 2. Type approval of vehicles and vehicle parts, II, p. 1649.
Schedule 3. Amendments of Part III of Road Traffic Act 1972, II, p. 1652.
Schedule 4. Amendments of Transport Act 1968 relating to operators' licences ,
II, p. 1660.
Schedule 5. Variation of penalties for certain offences, II , p. 1664.
Schedule 6. Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1685.
Schedule 7. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1690.
S
SEARCH. Powers of , under-
Biological Weapons Act (c. 6, s. 4 )
Policing of Airports Act (c. 41, s. 3)
... ... I, p. 123
II, p. 1099
SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT: с. 3... ... I, p. 39
PART I. SLAUGHTERHOUSES AND KNACKERS' YARDS
Licensing ofprivate slaughterhouses and knackers' yards
§ 1. Slaughterhouses and knackers' yards to be licensed, I, p. 39.
2. Slaughterhouse licences and applications for such licences, I, p. 40.
3. Certain applications for slaughterhouse licence to be refused forthwith,
I , p. 41.
4. Knacker's yard licences and applications for such licences, I, p. 42.
5. Notification of refusal of licence, I, p. 43.
6. Appeals against refusal of licence, I, p. 43.
7. Right to continue to use premises pending appeal, I, p. 44.
8. Effect of court's decision, I, p. 44 .
9. Duration of licences, I, p. 44.
10. Temporary continuance of licence on death, I, p. 44.
Regulation ofprivate slaughterhouses and knackers ' yards
11. Restriction of dwellings in slaughterhouses, I, p. 44.
12. Byelaws about slaughterhouses and knackers' yards, I, p. 45.
13. Signs to be displayed at slaughterhouses and knackers' yards, I, p . 45.
Restriction of private slaughterhouses
14. Restriction of slaughterhouses only by agreement, I, p. 46.
Provision and management ofpublic slaughterhouses
15. 16. Power to provide public slaughterhouses, I, p. 46.
Management of public slaughterhouses, I, p. 47.
ccl Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
SLAUGHTERHOUSES ACT-continued
PART I. continued
17. Charges in respect of public slaughterhouses, I, p. 47.
18. Power to provide cold stores and refrigerators for public slaughterhouses,
I , p. 47.
Enforcement and legal proceedings
19. Execution and enforcement of Part I, I, p. 48 .
20. Powers of entry, I, p. 48.
21. Obstruction, I, p. 49.
22. Institution of proceedings by local authorities , I, p. 50.
23. Prosecution and punishment of offences , I, p. 50.
24. Offences by corporations, I, p. 50.
25. Contravention due to default of some other person, I, p. 51 .
26. Appeals to Crown Court, I, p. 52.
Miscellaneous and supplemental
27. Local authorities for purposes of Part I, I, p. 52.
28. Port health authorities and joint boards, I, p. 52.
29. Protection for local government officers acting in good faith, I, p. 52.
30. Power of compulsory purchase of land, I, p. 52.
31. Local inquiries , I, p. 53.
32. Incorporation of certain provisions of Public Health Act 1936, I, p. 53 .
33. Application to Crow Crown, I, p. 54.
34. Interpretation of Part I, I , p. 54.
35. Saving for port slaughterhouses and knackers' yards, I, p. 55.
PART II . -SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS
Provisions as to slaughter
Methods of slaughter in slaughterhouses and knackers' yards,
36, and schedule 1. I, pp. 55, 63.
37. Methods of slaughter of certain swine otherwise than in slaughterhouses or
knackers' yards, I, p. 56.
38, and schedule 2. Regulations for securing humane conditions of slaughter in
slaughterhouses and knackers' yards, I, pp. 57, 63.
Licensing ofslaughtermen
39. Slaughtermen to be licensed, I, p. 58.
40. Licences and applications for licences , I, p. 59.
Enforcement and legal proceedings
41. 43. Execution and enforcement of Part II, I, p. 60.
42. Powers of entry, I, p. 61 .
Prosecution and punishment of offences, I, p. 61 .
Supplemental
44. Regulations, I, p. 61 .
45. Interpretation of Part II , I, p. 61 .
PART III. -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
46, and schedules 3, 4. Consequential and other amendments , I, pp. 62, 64.
47, and schedules 5, 6. Transitional provisions , savings and repeals, I, pp. 62,
65, 67.
48. Short title, construction, commencement and extent, I, p. 62.
Schedule 1 .
The Rabbiical Commission for the Licensing of Shochetim, I, p. 63.
Schedule 2.
Particular matters to be dealt with by regulations under section 38
relating to horses, I, p. 63.
Schedule 3 . Schedule 4.
Schedule 5.
Schedule 6. Consequential amendments, I, p. 64.
Amendments of the Food and Drugs Act 1955, I, p. 64.
Transitional provisions and savings, I, p. 65.
Repeals, I, p. 67.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccli
SOCIAL SECURITY AMENDMENT Aст: с. 58
II, p. 1839
§ 1. Contributions, II, p. 1839.
2. Provisions supplementary to s. 1 , II, p. 1839.
3. Meaning of "year" , II , p. 1841 .
4.
Conduct by friendly societies of business for establishing occupational pension
schemes , II , p. 1842.
5, and schedule 1. Miscellaneous amendments, and amendments in connection
with the consolidation of social security legislation, II, pp. 1843, 1846.
6, and schedule 2. Citation, interpretation, repeals , commencement and extent ,
II, pp. 1844, 1872.
Schedule 1. Amendments in connection with the consolidation of social security
legislation, II , p. 1846.
Schedule 2. Repeals, II, p. 1872.
SOLICITOR. See LEGAL AID ACT (c. 4 ) .
SOLICITORS ACT: c. 47... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1475
PART I. -RIGHT TO PRACTISE AS SOLICITOR
Qualifications and training
§ 1. Qualifications for practising as solicitor, II, p. 1475.
2. Training regulations, II, p. 1475.
Admission
3. Admission as solicitor, II, p. 1476.
4. Admission of certain overseas solicitors, II , p. 1477.
5. Restrictions on admission of overseas solicitors, II, p. 1478.
The roll
6. Keeping of the roll, II, p. 1478.
7. Entry of name and restoration of name struck off, II, p. 1478.
8. Removal or restoration of name at solicitor's request, II, p. 1479.
Practising certificates
9. Applications for practising certificates, II, p. 1479.
10. Issue of practising certificates, II, p. 1479 .
11. Fees payable on issue of practising certificates , II, p. 1480.
12. Discretion of Society with respect to issue of practising certificates in special
cases , II , p. 1480.
13. Appeals in connection with issue of practising certificates , II, p. 1482.
14. Date and expiry of practising certificates, II, p. 1483.
15. Suspension of practising certificates , II, p. 1484.
16. Duration of suspension of practising certificates, II, p. 1484.
17. Publicity in relation to suspension of practising certificates, II, p. 1485.
18. Evidence as to holding of practising certificates, II, p. 1485.
Rights and privileges of solicitors
19. Rights of practising and rights of audience, II, p. 1485.
Unqualified persons acting as solicitors
20. Unqualified person not to act as solicitor, II, p. 1486.
21. Unqualified person not to pretend to be a solicitor, II, p. 1486.
22. Unqualified person not to prepare certain instruments, II, p. 1486.
23. Unqualified person not to act in preparation of papers for probate, etc. , II, p .
1487.
24. Application of penal provisions to body corporate, II , p. 1487.
25. Costs where unqualified person acts as solicitor, II, p. 1488.
26. Time limit for commencement of certain proceedings, II, p. 1488.
27. Saving for persons authorised to conduct legal proceedings , II, p. 1488 .
Supplementary
28. Regulations, II, p. 1488.
29. 30. Non- British subjects as solicitors, II, p. 1489.
Evidence as to solicitors in Scotland, II, p. 1489.
cclii Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
SOLICITORS ACT-continued
PART II . -PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE, CONDUCT AND DISCIPLINE OF
SOLICITORS AND CLERKS
31. Practice rules
Rules as to professional practice, conduct and discipline, II, p. 1489.
Accountsetc.
32. Accounts rules and trust accounts, II, p. 1490.
33. Interest on clients' money, II, p. 1491 .
34. Accountants' reports, II, p. 1491.
Intervention in solicitor's practice, Compensation Fund and professional indemnity
35, and schedule 1. Intervention in solicitor's practice, II, p. 1493, 1529.
36, and schedule 2. Compensation Fund, II, pp. 1493, 1534.
37. Professional indemnity, II, p. 1494.
38. 39. 40. Restrictions on practice as solicitor
Solicitor who is justice of the peace not to act in certain proceedings, II, p. 1496.
Solicitor not to act as agent for unqualified person, II , p. 1496.
Solicitor not to commence or defend actions while in prison, II, p. 1497.
Restrictions on employment of certain persons
41. Employment by solicitor of person struck off or suspended, II, p. 1497.
42. Failure to disclose fact of having been struck off or suspended, II, p. 1498.
43. Control of employment of certain clerks, II , p. 1498.
44. Offences in connection with orders under section 43(2), II , p. 1499.
45. Lay observers
Investigation by lay observers of Society's treatment of complaints, II, p. 1500.
Disciplinary proceedings before Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal
46. Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal, II , p . 1501 .
47. Jurisdiction and powers of Tribunal, II, p. 1502.
48. Orders of Tribunal, II, p. 1503.
49. Appeals from Tribunal, II, p. 1504.
50. 51 .
52.
53.
Disciplinary proceedings before Supreme Court
Jurisdiction of Supreme Court over solicitors , II, p. 1504.
Procedure upon certain applications to High Court, II , p. 1504.
Power of Society to draw up order of court, II, p. 1505.
Production of order of court to Society, II, p. 1505.
54. 55. Disciplinary proceedings-general
Restrictions on powers to strike names off roll, II, p. 1505.
Applications to require solicitor to answer allegations, II, p. 1506.
PART III.- REMUNERATION OF SOLICITORS
Non-contentious business
56. Orders as to remuneration for non-contentious business, II, p. 1506.
57. Non-contentious business agreements, II, p. 1508.
58. Remuneration of a solicitor who is a mortgagee, II, p. 1508.
Contentious business
59. Contentious business agreements, II, p. 1509.
60. Effect of contentious business agreements, II, p. 1509.
61. Enforcement of contentious business agreements, II, p. 1510.
62. Contentious business agreements by certain representatives, II, p. 1511 .
63. Effect on contentious business agreement of death, incapability or change of
solicitor, II , p. 1512.
64. Form of bill of costs for contentious business, II, p. 1512.
65. Security for costs and termination of retainer, II, p. 1513.
66. Taxations with respect to contentious business, II, p. 1513.
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
ccliii
OLICITORS ACT-continued
PART III . -continued
Remuneration -general
67. Inclusion of disbursements in bill of costs , II, p. 1513.
68. Power of court to order solicitor to deliver bill, etc. , II, p. 1514.
69. 70. Action to recover solicitor's costs, II, p. 1514.
Taxation on application of party chargeable or solicitor, II, p. 1515.
71 . Taxation on application of third parties, II, p. 1517.
72. Supplementary provisions as to taxations, II, p. 1518 .
73. Charging orders, II, p. 1518.
74. Special provisions as to contentious business done in county courts , II , p. 1518.
75. Saving for certain enactments, II, p. 1519.
PART IV. -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
The Society
76. Non-practising solicitors eligible for membership of Society, II, p. 1519.
77. Annual subscription to Society, II, p. 1520.
78. Cessation and suspension of membership of Society, II , p. 1520.
79. Committees of the Council, II, p. 1521 .
80. Powers to act on behalf of Society, II, p. 1521 .
Miscellaneous
81. Administration of oaths and taking of affidavits , II, p. 1522.
82. Qualification for holding office of solicitors who have been barristers , II, p. 1522.
83. Power of Society to inspect file of proceedings in bankruptcy of solicitor,
II, p. 1522.
84. 85. 86. Service of documents at solicitor's place of business, II, p. 1522.
Bank accounts, II, p. 1523.
Bankers' books, II, p. 1523.
Supplementary
87. Interpretation, II, p. 1523.
88. Saving for solicitors to public departments and City of London, II, p. 1526.
89, and schedules 3, 4. Consequential amendments, repeals, savings, etc., II,
pp. 1527, 1536, 1537.
90. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1528 .
Schedule 1. Intervention in solicitor's practice, II, p. 1529.
Part I. Circumstances in which Society may intervene, II, p. 1529.
Part II . Powers exercisable on intervention, II, p. 1530.
Schedule 2.
Schedule 3 . The Compensation Fund, II , p. 1534.
Consequential amendments, II, p. 1536.
Schedule 4. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1537.
SOLICITORS (AMENDMENT) Aст: с. 26... ... ... ...
§ 1. Removal of prohibition on non-British subjects as solicitors , I, p. 371 .
2. Education and training, I, p. 371 .
3. Admission as solicitor, I, p. 372.
4. Computerisation, I, p. 373.
5. Removal or restoration of name at solicitor's request, I, p. 373 .
6. Fee for practising certificate, I, p. 374.
7. Lay observers, I , p. 374.
8, and schedule 1. Intervention in solicitor's practice, I, pp. 375, 385.
9. Compensation Fund, I, p. 375.
10. Professional indemnity for solicitors and former solicitors, I, p . 376.
11. The Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal, I, p. 378 .
12. Orders of and appeals from Tribunal, I, p. 380.
13. Disclosure to Director of Public Prosecutions , I , p . 381 .
14. Contentious business agreements, I, p. 381 .
15. Taxation of solicitors' bills, I, p. 381 .
16. Banks for clients' money, I, p. 382.
17. Termination of retainer, I, p. 382.
18. Oaths and affidavits, I, p. 383.
I, p. 371
ccliv Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
SOLICITORS (AMENDMENT) ACT-continued
19, and schedules 2, 3. Citation, etc. , I, pp. 383 , 390-402.
Schedule 1. Intervention in solicitor's practice, I, p. 385.
Part I. Circumstances in which Society may intervene, I, p. 385.
Part II . Powers exercisable on intervention, I, p. 386.
Schedule 2.
Amendments, I, p. 390.
Schedule 3 .
Enactments repealed, I, p. 400.
Part I. Repeals coming into force on passing of Act, I, p. 400.
Part II. Repeals coming into force on appointed day, I , p.
i ' 402 .
SPIRITS, DUTIES ON. See FINANCE Аст (с. 30) .
STAMP DUTY. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 30, Pt. IV, sch. 11) .
STATUTE LAW ( REPEALS) Aст: с. 22... ... I, p. 301
§ 1 , and schedule. Repeal of enactments, I, pp. 301 , 303 .
2. Preservation of enactments relating to protected policies of assurance, I, p. 301 .
3. 4. Application to Northern Ireland, Channel Islands and Isle of Man, I, p. 302.
Short title, I, p. 302.
Schedule. Enactments repealed, I, p. 303 .
STATUTORY CORPORATIONS (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) ACт : с. 8... I, p. 207
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Compensation to certain statutory corporations in respect of
limitation of prices in financial years 1971-73, I, pp. 207, 212.
2, and schedule 1. Further compensation in respect of financial years 1974-75,
I, p. 209, 212.
3. Provisions supplementary to ss. 1 and 2, I, p. 210.
4, and schedules 2, 3. Extension of borrowing powers of certain statutory corpora-
tions , I, pp. 211, 213-220.
5. Interpretation, I, p. 211 .
6. Short title, I, p. 211 .
Schedule 1. Matters referred to in section 1, I, p. 212.
Schedule 2. Amendments relating to borrowing powers, I, p. 213 .
Schedule 3. Further amendments relating to borrowing powers (new towns) ,
I, p. 217.
SYNODICAL GOVERNMENT (AMENDMENT) MEASURE : No. 1... II, p. 1877
§ 1. Provision for amendment of Constitutions of the Convocations, II, p. 1877.
2. Amendment of article 8 of Constitution of General Synod in its application to
schemes , II, p. 1877.
3. Manner of voting on a division, II, p. 1878.
4. Citation, II , p. 1878.
T
TELEVISION. See INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY ACT (c. 16 ) .
TOWN AND COUNTRY AMENITIES ACT: c. 32
I , p. 599
§1 . 2. 3. Conservation areas and areas ofspecial control
Conservation areas in England and Wales, I, p. 599 .
Conservation areas in Scotland, I, p. 604.
Control of advertisements in conservation areas and areas of special control ,
I, p. 607.
Listed buildings etc.
4. Extension of special publicity requirements to planning applications affecting
settings of listed buildings, I, p. 608.
5. Urgent repair of unoccupied buildings, I, p. 608.
6. Compulsory acquisition of listed buildings, I, p. 611.7. Local authority listed buildings, p. 611 .
Index to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures 1974
cclv
TOWN AND COUNTRY AMENITIES ACT-continued
Trees and gardens
8. Protection of trees in conservation areas in England and Wales, I , p. 612.
9 . Protection of trees in conservation areas in Scotland, I, p. 614.
10. Offences relating to trees in England and Wales, I, p. 616.
11. Offences relating to trees in Scotland, I, p. 617.
12. Grants for historic gardens, etc. , I, p. 618.
Supplementary
13, and schedule. Schedule. Citation, etc. , I, p. 618.
Repeals , I, p. 619.
TRADE UNION AND LABOUR RELATIONS ACT : с. 52
.. II , p. 1731
Repeal of Industrial Relations Act 1971
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Repeal of Industrial Relations Act 1971 and re-enactment of
certain provisions, II , pp. 1731 , 1760.
Status and regulation of trade unions and employers' associations
2. Status of trade unions, II, p. 1732.
3. Status of employers' associations , II , p. 1733.
4. Supplementary provisions about property of trade unions and unincorporated
employers ' associations , II , p. 1734.
5. Rights of workers as to arbitrary or unreasonable exclusion or expulsion from
trade union, II, p. 1736.
6. Provisions as to rules of trade unions and employers' associations, II, p. 1736.
7. Right to terminate membership of trade union, II, p. 1738 .
8. Lists of trade unions and employers ' associations , II, p. 1738 .
9. Application of existing Acts referring to registered trade unions, employers '
associations, etc. , II, p. 1740.
10. Duty to keep accounting records, II, p. 1740.
11 , and schedule 2. Duties as to annual returns, auditors and members' super-
annuation schemes, II, pp. 1741, 1782.
12. Offences , II, p. 1742.
Restrictions on legal liability and legal proceedings
13. Acts in contemplation or furtherance of trade disputes, II, p. 1743.
14. Immunity of trade unions and employers' associations to actions in tort,
II, p. 1744.
15. Peaceful picketing, II , p. 1744.
16. No compulsion to work, II, p. 1745.
17. Restriction on grant of ex parte injunctions and interdicts, II, p. 1745.
Collective agreements
18. Enforceability of collective agreements, II, p. 1745.
Miscellaneous
19. Transitional provisions for trade unions and employers' associations ceasing
to be incorporated, II, p. 1746.
20. Power to alter certain rules of trade unions restricting the application of
funds, II, p. 1747.
21. Effect of abolition of National Industrial Relations Court on pending pro-
ceedings and decisions given, II, p. 1748.
22. Effect of repeals on pending proceedings and decisions given by industrial
tribunals , II, p. 1750.
23. Provisions supplementary to sections 21 and 22, II , p. 1751 .
24. Power to compensate for loss of office , II, p. 1752 .
25, and schedule 3. Miscellaneous amendments, and transitional provisions and
repeals , II , pp. 1752.
Supplementary
26. Regulations and orders , II, p. 1752.
27. Expenses, II, p. 1753.
28. Meaning of trade union and employers ' association, II, p. 1753.
29. Meaning of trade dispute, II , p. 1754.
30. General provisions as to interpretation, II, p. 1755.
31. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1759.
cclvi Index to the Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures 1974
TRADE UNION AND LABOUR RELATIONS ACT-continued
Schedule 1 .
Re-enacted provisions of Industrial Relations Act 1971 , II, p. 1760.
Part I.
Introductory, II , p. 1760.
Part II. Unfair dismissal, II, p. 1761 .
Part III .
Jurisdiction and procedure of industrial tribunals, II, p. 1769.
Part IV. Conciliation officers , and miscellaneous and supplementary provisions,
II, p. 1775.
Schedule 2. Administrative provisions relating to trade unions and employers'
associations , II, p. 1782.
Part I. Annual returns and qualifications, appointment and removal, and
functions , of auditors, II , p. 1782.
Part II . Schedule 3.
Schedule 4.
Schedule 5.
Members ' superannuation schemes, II, p. 1787.
Miscellaneous amendments, II, p. 1790.
Transitional provisions, II, p. 1796.
Enactments repealed, II, p. 1798.
TRADE UNIONS. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 30, Pt. II ) .
VALUE ADDED TAX. See FINANCE ACT (c. 30, Pt. I ) .
WINE, DUTIES ON. W
See FINANCE ACT (с. 30).
STATUTORY PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Selected Publications
Annotations to Acts
Instructions for noting up those Acts which were affected by the year's
legislation, direct or delegated. Substituted provisions are printed on
adhesive slips, and the annotations can be carried out by a junior clerk
on any set of statutes within a few weeks.
£11.70 (by post £12.16 )
Chronological Table of the
Statutes
A chronological list of all the Public General Acts from 1235 onwards,
showing as to those totally repealed, the enactments by which they
were repealed and, as to those still in operation, the effect of all
subsequent legislation on them, section by section .
With the aid of this annual publication a practitioner can tell instantly
the present position of any enactment to which he has been referred.
£ 10-50 (by post £11.04 )
A free list of Statutory Publications Office titles is obtainable from
Her Majesty's Stationery Office, M2C(ZPGI), Atlantic House,
Holborn Viaduct, London ECIP 1BN
Government publications can be bought from the Government Bookshops in
London (Post Orders to P.O. Box 569 , SE1 9NH), Edinburgh, Cardiff,
Belfast, Manchester, Birmingham and Bristol, or through booksellers
HMSO BOOKS
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
Government Bookshops
49 High Holborn, London WC1V 6HB
13a Castle Street, Edinburgh EH2 3AR
41 The Hayes, Cardiff CF1 1JW
Brazennose Street, Manchester M60 8AS
Southey House, Wine Street, Bristol BS1 2BQ
258 Broad Street, Birmingham B1 2HE
80 Chichester Street, Belfast BT1 4JY
Government publications are also available
through booksellers
